the whales washed up along a 6 mile stretch of coast near hokato , japan .     experts have dismissed rumours of impending earthquake as unscientific .     the strandings sparked comparisons with the appearance of 50 melon-headed whales six days before the earthquake in 2011 that left 19,000 dead .     officials instead believe the whales may have suffered a parasitic infection while others say the animals may have been attempting to avoid predators .
kim howe 's stepchildren are said to have ` lawyered up ' following her death .     mrs howe , 69 , died after being involved in a crash with the reality tv star .     thought she has no living blood relatives so stepchildren have only claim .     attorneys : ` sky 's the limit ' for pay out in a successful wrongful death suit .
the magazine usually carries tributes from nearly every major party leader .     where milband 's message is expected , the page is blank with sharp rebuke .     chief of self-employed organisation , ipse , called decision ` disappointing '
there are many different ice cream makers - from budget brand to retro .     best rated machine is the chill factor ice cream maker from john lewis .     prices range from as little as # 12.99 to a luxury one for # 349.99 .
byron meth opened with a 74 on his masters debut .     half of the players had a scoring average of 4.2 or higher on day one .     liverpool legend kenny dalglish will be present at the masters this week .
ahmed farouq was a leader in al qaeda 's india branch .     he was killed in a u.s. counterterrorism airstrike in january .     like adam gadahn , farouq was american and part of al qaeda .
millie elia plunged to the ground while rappelling with her family in mount cheaha state park on saturday afternoon .
a recent surge in jellyfish numbers has been recorded off the coast of the uk as the weather has warmed up .     stay in cornwall has been moved to reassure swimmers that going in the water is safe , even with some jellyfish .     nhs-approved method of treating jellyfish stings is now shaving cream , not urine or vinegar as previously though .
bayern munich doctor hans-wilhelm muller-wohlfahrt quit this week .     his resignation came after pep guardiola blamed defeat by porto on injuries .     the pair fell out as early as november over the treatment of philipp lahm .     guardiola now has even more power and could stay at bayern for a long time .     manchester city want to bring him in as manager but he is unlikely to leave .     guardiola , who is impatient with injuries , could even agree a new deal .     former barcelona boss has denied a rift with his medical staff this week .
leicester remain at the foot of the premier league table after 31 games .     foxes recently defeated west ham and west brom in consecutive games .     manager nigel pearson insists survival is far from ` straightforward '
reading lost 2-1 against arsenal in fa cup semi-final at wembley .     royals took much fancied gunners to extra-time after 1-1 draw .     steve clarke will take strength from impressive reading display .
author anthony horowitz has accused david walliams of dumbing down .     claims walliams fails to challenge young readers with unambitious books .     horowitz argues authors should not be afraid of ` powerful stories or ideas '
inter milan host ac milan in a serie a derby this weekend .     both clubs are struggling to qualify for european competition .     the milan derby used to be a star-studded tie with the world 's best players .     champions league game in 2005 was abandoned due to flares thrown .     the current crop of talent is far cry from the stars 10 years ago .
liberal champion , 82 , has spoken widely about gay rights .     she even officiated at a same-sex ceremony in august 2013 .     opponents have said it makes her unfit to rule on upcoming case .     obergefell v. hodges will be heard by nation 's top court from this week .     case will decide whether all states have to allow gay marriages .     even if not , could be forced to recognize gay marriages in other states .     ginsburg is in liberal minority in the supreme court .     but conservative anthony kennedy often votes in favor of gay rights .
liberty baker was killed as she walked to school in witney , oxfordshire .     robert blackwell , 19 , was texting at the wheel at the time of the crash .     the teenager had been smoking drugs the day before the crash last june .     liberty 's father , paul baker , waved her off to school just moments earlier .     he said the family had been left ` devastated ' by the shortness of sentence .     for confidential support call the samaritans in the uk on 08457 90 90 90 , visit a local samaritans branch or click here for details .
the technology billionaire pursued a sale of struggling electric-car company tesla to google in 2013 for $ 6 billion .     musk demanded that he be permitted to run tesla as a unit of google for eight years , or until tesla produced a third-generation car .     negoitations promptly ended in may 2013 when his company unexpectedly yielded its first profit and he no longer needed the finanical support .     the claims are made in the new biography elon musk : tesla , spacex and the quest for a fantastic future .
after calling off its air campaign , saudi arabia resumes airstrikes in yemen .     no casualties are reported , but 3 houthi military compounds were destroyed .     saudi airstrikes resumed after rebel forces attacked a yemeni military brigade .
samantha cameron makes solo campaign visit to a charity project .     growing zone project helps children and adults with special needs .     says the best part of campaigning is ` getting out to meet amazing people '
amy schumer took a fake tumble tuesday in front kanye west and kim kardashian .     the comedian pulled the prank at the time 100 gala in new york .     schumer , whose `` inside amy schumer '' also premiered tuesday , is having a moment .
three-month-old western lowland gorillas pictured for first time in exhibit .     pair were born just 48 hours apart in january to layla and kumi , both 16 .     will join 17 other gorillas , including ernie , 32 , who is father to them both .
prince harry arrived in canberra and visited the australian war memorial in his only official public appearance .     during this visit , he told a teenage admirer to give up the trend of snapping self-portraits , saying ` selfies are bad '     the prince , who is in australia for a four-week secondment with australian defence force , then reported for duty .     the 30-year-old touched in sydney on monday at 8.30 am , before travelling to canberra in the act on a raaf jet .     dressed in his white tropical dress uniform of the british army , he also visited the australian war memorial .
mamamia used a photo of wilson on a story about orthorexia nervosa .     the i quit sugar author and wellness blogger complained to the website .     they have apologised and removed her photo from the story .     ` the choice of images originally used to illustrate this story were n't ideal , ' mamamia said .     wilson was pictured alongside controversial blogger belle gibson .     paleo preacher pete evans 's photo was also used in the article .     in 2013 mamamia 's founder mia freedman called wilson ` obsessed '
players in nba are able to vote in end-of-season awards for first time .     lebron james asked who he would pick and says : ` myself '     30-year-old has impressed in first season back with cleveland cavaliers .
robshaw accompanied his 26-year-old girlfriend to ceremony in london .     played in harlequin 's victory over gloucester 24 hours earlier .
the 12 victims were from nigeria and ghana , police said .     the group of 105 people left libya , bound for italy .     more than 10,000 people have arrived on italian shores from libya since last weekend .
two mesquite , texas police officers pulled hector valles , 25 , from his burning suv early sunday after he swerved off the highway and crashed .     officers ryan nielson and autumn soto managed to get valles to safety just before his vehicle became fully engulfed .     valles , whose clothes were burning when the officers dragged him to safety , is now recovering from burns and internal injuries in icu .
qatar airways flight was due to land in manchester airport at 7pm monday .     but pilots severe winds meant pilots were forced to divert to birmingham .     plane spent five hours on tarmac as it waited for refuelling and new crew .     police were called twice after ` disruptive ' passengers tried to disembark .     meanwhile , video shows angry passengers delayed at manchester airport .
the walter scott shooting inspired a local artist to create artwork .     phillip hyman crafted the angel-winged artwork in the middle of the night .     protesters from the black lives matter movement have started using it as his symbol .
queensland woman roxy walsh found an inscribed gold ring in bali .     the sentimental jewellery piece was found at a bali resort on tuesday .     she launched a campaign to return the ring to the people who own it .     ms walsh said she has found the owner and will meet ` the joe and jenny ' for breakfast in noosa on sunday .     it 's unknown when the ring was lost or where the couple are from .
lorenzo simon , 34 , forced tenant michael spalding to decorate his flat .     police said simon forced him to work up until midnight like a ` slave '     but following an argument , mr spalding was stabbed and dismembered .     after hacking him into pieces , simon stuffed the body parts into suitcases .     police also discovered pieces of bone inside a drum used for bonfires .     simon was today found guilty of murder and will be sentenced next week .
beatriz paez was walking sunday when she saw police activity .     she says marshals told her to stop recording but she refused .     marshals service said it is looking into incident after man took her phone and smashed it .
u.n. says suicide attacks on mass groups of civilians may be labeled as war crimes .     taliban condemns the attack , which isis took credit for .     the bomber targeted government workers picking up their pay , isis said in a statement .
snp chief says she would work with labour regardless of election result .     she challenged the labour leader to agree pact to ` lock cameron out '     comes after claim she told french diplomat she wanted cameron as pm .     official whitehall probe was ordered after she dismissed memo as untrue .
pair named as jamie richardson and daniel taylor from west sussex .     they are fined $ 3,000 each , but say they only have $ 700 between them .     if fine can not be paid , two men face jail terms of four months respectively .     boeing 787-8 was bound for cancun after leaving london gatwick .     pilot made decision to divert to bermuda due to ` disruptive passengers '
the photos were taken at the expedition base camp on ross island in 1911 .     they show the british explorer and his men setting off for the south pole .     scott and four others died on the return journey after being beaten to it .     the 52 negatives were sold for # 36,000 at auction to an unnamed buyer .
liana barrientos allegedly used an emergency exit door at a bronx subway station instead of paying her fare just hours after leaving court .     barrientos spat at reporters and swung her arms as she left the court for a second time on friday where she was released without bail .     married 10 men in 11 years - with six in one year alone .     alleged scam occurred between 1999 and 2010 .     her eighth husband was deported back to pakistan for making threats against the us in 2006 after a terrorism investigation .     the bronx woman plead not guilty to two fraud charges friday .     caught after describing her 2010 nuptials as ` her first and only marriage ' , sparking an investigation .     the department of homeland security was ` involved ' in barrientos ' case , the bronx district attorney 's office has said .
john helm was commentating on the game the day the fire broke out .     he gives his insight into what cause the blaze 30 years ago .     ` from everything i have been told there is n't a jot of evidence to suggest the blaze was caused deliberately , ' says helm .
adrian schaffner skis at speed with pet dog on his shoulders .     dog called sintha appears content and leans into the wind .     video concludes with dog jumping off and running in snow .     footage was captured in ski resort in val müstair , switzerland .
90 per cent of women experience menstrual pain during their period .     one in ten will suffer from endometriosis but it can take up to ten years to be diagnosed .     despite this women do n't know what it is or if their pain is normal .     naturopathic doctor lara briden shares natural remedies for period pain .
jennifer drew estimates she saves # 70 on weekly food shop with coupons .     the mother-of-one has dedicated her garage to stockpiling extra products .     she has bottles of mouthwash , 52 tubes of lotion and ` tonnes ' of nappies .     mrs drew also has ` stacks of cat food ' - even though she does n't have a pet .
the six minnesota men were arrested sunday on terrorism charges .     suspects adnan abdihamid farah , 19 ; zacharia yusuf abdurahman , 19 ; hanad mustafe musse , 19 ; and guled ali omar , 20 arrested in minnesota .     mohamed abdihamid farah , 19 , and abdurahman yasin daud , 21 were taken into custody in san diego , california , after driving from minnesota .     three of the men were stopped in november trying to fly out of the country , but were only charged this month .
surgeon sergio canavero sees ` no problem ' with wealthy tycoons using the procedure to get a young body in their quest for eternal life .     hopes his first patient will be russian with genetic muscle wasting disease .     valery spiridonov , 30 , has volunteered to be a guinea pig , despite the risks .     dr canavero has been called ` nuts ' by critics who think his plans a fantasy .
o'malley using youtube to test out attack lines .     how clinton 's new hire could help keep the obama coalition together .     republican concerns about the new 2016 primary calendar .
kay bennett , 33 , says she has been turned down for 40 jobs in the last year .     suffers depression brought on by her tattoos , which she had done at 24 .     the former security worker has gained six stone due to ` comfort eating '     resigned from the only job she had in years because she felt left out .     miss bennett is hoping someone will take pity and buy her laser removal .
photo essay book , gays in the military , released by new york photographer vincent cianni .     individual stories tell the history of homosexuals in the military .     many were discharged because of their sexuality and suffer ongoing psychological damage .     rape , assault and bullying remain prevalent .     being gay was considered a criminal offense in the u.s. military until 1993 .
scott turner schofield has landed a role on the popular soap opera the bold and the beautiful .     schofield is now the first transgender male to score a major role on a daytime television show .     he will make his first appearance on may 8 .     schofield is a speaker and author known for his one-person shows that address transgender issues .
father damian maria montes stunned viewers with his version of angels .     priest , 29 , of madrid , said he once hoped to become a professional singer .     but before chasing dream he turned to the church to ` make sense of life '
a kangaroo has been found hopping through a field in bruhl , germany .     german police initially believed the report was an april fools day prank .     after realising the caller was serious they found the beast in a nearby field .     the owners later called police when the animal returned to it 's enclosure .     it is suspected that the it 's fencing was damaged after severe storms .
nra says although it disagreed with sarah brady , she was an honorable and respected woman .     sarah brady became involved in campaigns against gun violence after her son to picked up a loaded gun .     her husband died in august , having spent the last part of his life in a wheelchair from being shot .
gabriel salvador set up an initial meeting between a tv exec and manny pacquiao 's trainer .     salvador is an actor and waiter at craig 's restaurant in los angeles .
arlette ricci denied accusations and said she tried to avoid tax not evade it .     bugged call between the heiress and her daughter revealed otherwise .     74-year-old was fined around # 700,000 and will have two properties seized .     was also given a total of three years in prison , with two years suspended .
april 23 is st george 's day - the national saint 's day of england .     england footballers past and present took to social media to celebrate .     harry kane posted a picture of his younger self with england face paint .     rio ferdinand and gary cahill were among the other players celebrating .
richie benaud revealed late last year he was suffering from skin cancer .     he had radiation treatment for lesions on his forehead and top of head .     he used the chance to ` recommend to everyone they wear protection on their heads '     benaud had looked frail after suffering serious injuries in a 2013 car accident .     after the crash and cancer treatment richie benaud was walking daily with wife daphne .     he hope to get fit enough to return to the commentary box but never did .
up to 21 million acres of jungle will be torn down in the next decade alone .     university of east anglia research says forest species at risk from industry .     rising demand for rubber tyres for cars and planes driving deforestation .
england captain alastair cook has been working on a new batting stance .     his new stance has his front foot too far out without protecting the wicket .     as a result , he does n't have time to adjust to the delivery and set himself .     cook probably overdid his new stance against the west indies .     still , he should n't be written off just yet and impressed in training .
experts from centre for international research in the humanities and social sciences -lrb- cirhus -rrb- in new york city studied neolithic ornaments .     necklaces made from shells and teeth date from 5,000 to 8,000 years ago .     spread of early jewellery found to correspond to the spread of farming .     experts found farming spread more quickly in southern europe than north .
joe calzage was holidaying in barbados with his girlfriend lucy .     the couple swam in the sea and enjoyed a spot of jet-skiing .     calzaghe has been retired for seven years with a record of 46-0 .
kansas spotters report at least four tornadoes .     potosi , missouri , sees wind damage to roofs and some flooding .     thursday 's forecast calls for more storms but to the east .
rodgers will hold press briefing ahead of arsenal match at 2pm .     sterling set to dominate the agenda after moving closer to anfield exit .     england star said he was not ready to sign a new contract with liverpool .     20-year-old has been offered a # 100,000-a-week deal to stay .     read : the rise of raheem sterling : from # 60 a day at qpr to knocking back # 100,000-per-week contracts at liverpool .     click for the latest liverpool fc news and sterling contract saga reaction .
robin thomas , of jonesboro , arkansas , says that he failed to find love with online dating sites .     the sign reads , ` looking for a date ? would you date a single father ? '     the retired cook is looking for a ` down-to-earth ' woman who 's ` at least 28 '     thomas says his kids , aged six to 11 , think the advertisement is ` cute '
alison hall , 48 , says the nail became lodged and she started to choke .     believes nail had come off in her pocket and worked way inside the inhaler .     there is a 1mm gap at top of salbutamol inhaler where it may have got in .     now wants to warn others about thoroughly checking inhalers before use .
japanese man pays for his cheating ways with his prized gadget collection .     scorned girlfriend takes snaps of apple bath and sends them to him .     photos of soaked imac , iphones , ipads and accessories go viral on twitter .
buzim in north west bosnia saw 21 sets of twins born during the civil war .     researchers believe there are more than 200 sets of twins in the town .     more are believed to have fled due to the civil war and grinding poverty .     the mayor now wants to hold a convention for twins to boos tourism .
blanca cousins fell to her death at exclusive address in hong kong .     briton nick cousins , 57 , and teen 's filipino mother , grace , arrested .     mr cousins said he and his family are ` distraught ' after their loss .     they may yet lose custody of their second child , carla , aged 14 .     blanca and her 14-year-old sister 's births were allegedly not registered .     teens did n't have passports and were educated at private tuition centre .     police have said that blanca may have been ` unhappy with her life '
a magnitude-7 .8 earthquake struck near kathmandu , nepal .     carolyn miles : many survivors will have nowhere to go .
manchester city have made liverpool 's raheem sterling a primary target .     liverpool value sterling at # 50million - a fee man city can afford .     the reds are likely to demand a cash fee for the england international .
the new rangers board have held their first meeting with mike ashley .     sports direct and newcastle united owner ashley has 8.92 per cent stake in the club as well as control over a number of its assets .     ashley has the right to appoint two directors at rangers .
new study reveals the average person 's friends circle peaks at age of 26 .     women are most popular at 25 and men hit their friendship high at 27 .     research also showed social networks facebook and twitter are crucial .
hull city travel to swansea city in premier league on saturday .     steve bruce is boosted by return from injury of mohamed diame .     the senegalese midfielder has been out for four months with knee injury .     tigers currently have a three-point cushion to relegation zone .     owner assem allam has again applied to fa for hull tigers name change .     click here for the latest premier league news .
clip shows moment helmet camera becomes detached and falls to earth .     remarkably , the camera remains intact despite plummeting from 10,000 ft .     was found in a meadow in gringelstad , sweden , and returned to its owner .
border collies ace and holly were caught on camera performing a gravity-defying feat together .     the two pooches stood up on their hind legs while balancing on their owner and trainer dai aoki .     they have appeared in a number of videos showing off their tricks .
hamza parvez left his home in west london and travelled to syria nearly 11 months ago .     despite the rise in jihadi brides , no one seems to want to marry the british fighter .     two of hamza 's close friends have also written about their frustration of being unmarried in syria .
kenyans use hashtag # 147notjustanumber to honor victims of kenya university attack .     the attack killed 142 students , three security officers and two university security personnel .
police caught baggage handlers at miami international airport stealing from passenger luggage after installing a hidden camera .     this as it is revealed that airline customers have reported $ 2.5 million in lost property from 2010 to 2014 .     31 employees have been arrested for theft at miami international airport since 2012 , including six this year .     there have been 30,621 claims of missing valuables since 2010 , with most claims coming from john f. kennedy airport in new york .     since 2002 , the tsa has fired 513 workers for theft , though it is now known how many of them faced criminal charges .     last year , 16 employees at los angeles international airport were fired for theft after police searched their homes and found luxury items .
german team has developed new technique giving ` personalised treatment '     tests carried out on cancerous cells in lung , skin and bowel tumours .     survival rates boosted by more than 50 per cent during animal trials .     patients with skin cancer now being recruited for the first human trials .
in the murder trial of james holmes , 12 jurors and 12 alternates have been selected .     the mostly middle-aged group includes 19 women and five men .     jury selection started in january ; opening statements are scheduled to begin on april 27 .
mark o'mara : video captured michael slager shooting walter scott ; if cop had been wearing a body camera , he probably would n't have fired .     o'mara says such cameras are expensive , but cheaper than wrongful death payouts -- and the cost of a human life .     the underlying problem is racial bias in policing ; until that 's solved , body cameras are a good interim solution .
tory dan poulter , lib dem tom brake and labour 's gavin shuker get fit .     three agreed to put themselves at the mercy of a personal trainer .     strict diet and exercise regime saw them shed pounds and gain strength .     full interview appears in the may 2015 issue of men 's health , on sale thursday 2 april . also available as a digital edition .
the house in the sea is located in newquay , cornwall and is the perfect getaway retreat .     it is connected to the mainland by a 90ft high bridge and is completely surrounded with water when the tide is in .     guests can book the luxury cottage , which includes a bar , tv , wifi and billiards table .
the inspirational ms giffords , 44 , flew out of los angeles on thursday with her husband , retired astronaut mark kelly .     the couple visiting the space shuttle endeavour at the california science center in la this week .     giffords wrote : ` so fun to see the awesome space shuttle endeavour with the awesome guy who flew it , captain mark kelly ! '     mark 's identical twin brother , astronaut scott kelly , blasted off aboard on his yearlong mission to the international space station last week .
top us court is slated to hear arguments in a gay marriage case tuesday .     a majority vote could make gay marriage legal nationwide .     the court will publish a decision by june .
classic biscuits feature rolled oats , golden syrup and coconut .     sarah wilson 's sugar-free version substitutes rice malt syrup .     food blogger not quite nigella adds chocolate .     raw foodie taline gabrielian came up with no-cook version of the classic .
lib dem leader explains how his party would eradicate deficit by 2017-18 .     includes tax rises , limiting welfare rises and whitehall spending cuts .     but warns osborne 's plan to cut # 12billion will cause ` real pain '     mansion tax scaled back by # 700million but car tax to rise by # 25-a-year .
cave mimics famous caverne du pont-d'arc in france , the oldest cave decorated by man and the best preserved .     the replica contains all 1,000 paintings which include 425 such as a woolly rhinoceros and mammoths .     minute details were copied using 3d modelling and anamorphic techniques , often used to shoot widescreen images .     the modern cave also includes replica paw prints of bears , bones and details preserved in the original cave .
rump , fillet and t-bone most popular cuts of meat when dining out .     mince and burgers most used when cooking in our own kitchens .     young people avoid unusual cuts as they think it will be too expensive .
cetaphil is found in pharmacy aisles beside creams to treat skin conditions .     cleanser is fragrance and soap free and contains just eight ingredients .     celebrity fans include amanda holden , charlize theron and olivia wilde .
sturgeon has shed pounds , bleached her hair and mixed up her outfits .     made the male leaders ' dark suits seem as old as their arguments in debate .
the fregoe family of massapequa park , new york built their own frosty in january .     thanks to late winter storms that stretched into spring , the family was able to keep the snowman alive for months .     the snowman finally melted this weekend , when temperatures reached a high of 75 on saturday and 57 on sunday .     mike fregoe is keeping a small snowball in the freezer to start a new snowman next winter .
burnley host tottenham in the premier league on sunday .     michael duff is the only man to appear in all eight english divisions .     the 37-year-old can not wait to take on spurs sensation harry kane .
brian bayers tearfully told the story of how he accidentally ran over his son after leaving the door to his house open .     he backed over his 18-month-old son jackson and killed him .     brian bayers ' wife amanda rushed home and held her sons lifeless and bloodied body for hours .
burlesque star , 42 , is offering workshops at canyon ranch , arizona .     learn how to ` strut ' and skillfully remove garters , stockings and gloves .     ` wellness experts will discuss sensuality , intimacy and sexual health .
amy bass : baltimore rioting caused postponement of two orioles-white sox games . now third game of series will be played to empty stadium .     she says baseball can bring cities together . but with so few black fans , players , it will be hard for baltimore to gather around this sport to heal .
fbi investigating after intelligence information indicated possible terror plot .     tsa involved although possible threat not necessarily related to aviation .     no arrests have been made and it is unclear whether this is a new threat .     in addition to los angles , some other us cities have increased security .
chelsea scored late winner to beat qpr 1-0 at loftus road on sunday .     cesc fabregas scored with chelsea 's only shot on target .     chelsea move seven points clear at the top of the premier league .
leicester city hero jamie vardy believes the foxes deserve to stay up .     vardy pounced late to earn leicester all three points at the hawthorns .     leicester have been bottom of the premier league table since november .     but two successive wins have given them genuine hope of survival .
dina nemtsova , 13 , made debut in photoshoot for russian fashion label .     her mother : ` i 'm trying to help her overcome terrible killing of her father '     nemtsov was gunned down near kremlin while walking with his girlfriend .
prime minister said coalition had spent 5 years ` trying to lift people up '     in an easter message to christians he defended ` moral content ' of cuts .     comes after church provoked a row with unprecedented election guide .     in it they told britain 's christians how they should ` approach election '
martin castillo , from nuevo laredo , mexico , lost the ring in 2013 .     the precious accessory was discovered by daniel roark , who picked it up a year later while scuba diving in the same mexican resort .     mr roark , from massachusetts , began a global facebook campaign in the hopes of tracking down mr castillo and his wife jessica .     mrs castillo 's cousin heard about the campaign and messaged mr roark to tell him that the ring belonged to her relatives .
justin bieber is a good friend of floyd mayweather .     bieber revealed in a video that he will walk mayweather into his mega-fight .     mayweather faces manny pacquiao in the $ 300million bout in las vegas .     bieber has accompanied ` money ' mayweather into the ring several times .     click here for all the latest floyd mayweather vs manny pacquiao news .
robert o'neill revealed himself last year as soldier who killed bin laden .     supporters of for america group were invited to shooting event with him .     will stay in luxury jackson hole , wyoming , resort and shoot with o'neill .     former seal has been speaking publicly about bin laden role since 2014 .     is being investigated by navy police for allegedly revealing military secrets .
the value of the bounty in american dollars is about $ 774,000 .     al qaeda in the arabian peninsula wants a houthi leader and a former yemeni president killed or captured .
united flight 3954 carried clinton from omaha , nebraska to newark , new jersey on thursday .     met by a town car and a police escort -- on the tarmac -- for what 's likely a short trip back to her chappaqua , new york estate .     follows iowa campaign swing full of controlled interactions , staged conversations and little interaction with real people .     clinton was , however , photographed pulling her own suitcase down an airport concourse .
abdul hadi arwani found dead in his ` perfectly parked ' car on tuesday .     gunman probably used a silencer and chose an area away from cctv .     father-of-six from acton , west london , had links to muslim brotherhood .
bowie , 68 , starred as an alien enamored by tv and alcohol in the 1976 film .     he has written new songs and arranged older music for 2015 production .     the musician is not expected to perform in the show late this year .     bowie did not write the music for the original amid contractual dispute .
a new survey has revealed who britons would like as their celebrity family .     david beckham was voted number one choice for father .     holly willoughby was voted as the most desired mother .     the survey also revealed we want adele and rhianna as our sister .
david tungate , 58 , from norwich , is engaged to a 30 year old from gambia .     he has already been married three times - twice to gambian women .     his last wife was a bigamist who became pregnant with another man 's baby .
heart patients who were more grateful had improved physical health .     they had lower markers for inflammation - which can worsen heart failure .     they also had better moods , better sleep , and less fatigue , experts found .     writing a ` gratitude journal ' is also linked with better heart health , they said .
seven-year-old boy has died on family skiing holiday in flaine , french alps .     police believe carwyn scott-howell fell to his death after leaving ski slope .     it is understood he was looking for his parents when he took a wrong turn .     got lost on piste and fell down cliff after taking off skis to try and find them .
female yazidi held prisoner by isis , suffered horrific sexual abuse .     victims include girl , nine , who is now ` pregnant by her abusers '     earlier this week , isis released 216 yazidi prisoners in northern iraq .     group , made up of 40 children , women and elderly , released after a year .
filmmaker rotates four stacked see-through plastic cups .     he selects an afro hair type , a shirt and a pair of glasses .     the video maker initially uploaded his creation to reddit .     one user stated there are a total of 294 possible variations .
mum 's email invite to her son 's first birthday was shared on reddit .     in it she demands a $ 64 water table , a $ 20 tent , $ 15 play tunnel and a book .     says gifts should n't have his name on it because personalised clothes are ` the number one thing that leads to kidnapping '
the 79th masters kicks off in augusta on thursday .     rory mcilroy is bidding to land a third straight major title .     tiger woods arrives to the competition ranked 111th in the world .
school leaders warn the ` bleak ' situation is likely to get even worse .     say it is due to rise in pupil numbers and greater competition for graduates .     london schools have most problems , followed by north west and east .
tv presenter sophie falkiner reveals she was into girdles long before the kardashians made it cool .     falkiner says it 's a secret all hollywood plastic surgeons tell their patients .     jessica alba is also said to swear by it for a trim post-baby body .
stephanie scott 's family are preparing for her funeral on wednesday .     they say all are welcome to remember and show their support for ms scott .     the 26-year-old teacher believed to have been murdered on easter sunday .     her accused murderer is the school cleaner , vincent stanford .     stanford 's mother passed on her condolences to ms scott 's loved ones .     leeton high school have reached out to the community to commend them for the strength they have shown in the face of immeasurable grief .     her funeral will be held 10 days after her intended wedding date .     the funeral will take place at the same venue where she had planned to marry aaron leeson-woolley .
brady eaves , 18 , was filmed biting the head off a live hamster at a party .     he is the stepson of john arthur eaves jr , democratic candidate for mississippi governor in 2007 , now an esteemed pro-life lawyer .     the teenager is a university of mississippi scholar , phi delta theta frat member , star soccer player , was a top student at private school in jackson .     sources told dailymail.com he is an ` animal lover ' with a pet raccoon .     they said eaves and his friends fed the hamster vodka and ` hot-boxed ' its cage with marijuana before the sickening stunt was caught on camera .     eaves could be charged with felony animal cruelty charges if it was filmed in florida , where there is 5-year maximum jail term and $ 5,000 fine .
les abend : how did gyrocopter fly on to capitol grounds when faa , defense forces keep tight rein on airspace ?     he says gyrocopter may be lightweight and slow enough that it evaded radar .     he says it 's unlikely such a flight could pose a serious danger .
trinity culley helped deliver her baby sister after picking up tips on tv .     she had been secretly watching the programme one born every minute .     when her mother 's waters broke two weeks early , she sprang into action .     she gathered towels and delivered the baby in the family 's front room .
kayahan wrote some of turkey 's best-loved pop songs .     the singer was first diagnosed with cancer in 1990 .     he most recently performed in february in istanbul .
marvel studios releases first looks at paul bettany as the vision in `` avengers : age of ultron '' and charlie cox in full `` daredevil '' costume .     jamie bell 's character of the thing was also unveiled for 20th century fox 's marvel-based reboot of `` fantastic four ''     bryan singer unveiled the first look at `` x-men : apocalypse '' angel played by ben hardy .
the world 's largest cattle station is for sale in anna creek south australia .     it covers a huge 23,000 square kilometres and includes original stock .     s.kidman and co. are selling another 10 cattle farms across australia .     in total , they cover 100,000 square kilometres and have 155,000 cattle .
helen dunn opened sunday mercury newspaper , saw raunchy pics .     the 78-year-old was on cover of vintage lads mag , span , in 1955 .     went on to marry manchester united pro footballer , alan dunn .
girl dubbed ' 100-year-old teenager ' hayley okines died earlier this month .     she suffered from progeria which ages body eight times the normal rate .     prince charles sent letter to her parents which was read at her funeral .     in it he called the brave teenager ` an inspiration to millions '
cynthia lennon was john lennon 's first wife .     she was there during the rise of the beatles .     her death was announced by her son , julian .
the boy scouts ' greater new york councils said they hired pascal tessier , an 18-year-old eagle scout .     tessier has been a vocal advocate of opening the 105-year-old organization to gay scouts and leaders .     board members called him ` an exemplary candidate '
all the party leader 's wives have been spotted looking stylish in trousers .     samantha cameron and justine miliband wore almost identical uniforms .     miriam gonz · lez was more quirky donning a pair of lib dem yellow chinos .
famed author 's second novel , go set a watchman , is due out on july 14 .     authorities feared lee had been pushed into releasing the long-lost sequel .     she previously said she wanted mockingbird to be her only published work .     state investigators went to monroeville , alabama , to speak with her .     said they found nothing amiss and have closed their investigation .
kim kardashian was dining out with kanye west and jerusalem 's mayor .     mayor posted photo of him and the famous couple on twitter on monday .     image then printed on an ultra-orthodox news site - but kim was left out .     instead , photo only showed kanye and mayor nir barkat chatting at table .     ultra-conservative jewish news media consider photos of women sexual .     news site , hakikar , condemned mr barkat for dining at non-kosher venue .     it also reportedly criticized the $ 692 bill -lrb- including tip -rrb- at mona restaurant .     kim and kanye baptized toddler daughter , north , in jerusalem 's old city .
isis fighters destroyed ancient ruins of iraqi assyrian city of nimrud dating back to the 13th century b.c.     the attack , near mosul , took place last month , but a seven-minute video of destruction has now emerged .     it shows militants hacking and drilling away at 3,000-year-old relics and blowing up the ancient ruins .     the u.n. secretary-general ban ki-moon has called the destruction of the nimrud ruins ' a war crime '
eshima ohashi bridge in japan is the third largest of its kind in the world .     has a gradient of 6.1 per cent on shimane side and 5.1 per cent on tottori .     spans mile across lake nakaumi linking cities of matsue and sakaiminato .
the #kyliejennerchallenge is sweeping social media .     method involves creating an airlock which forces lips to swell .     teens are hoping to emulate kylie jenner 's puffy pout .     now a hilarious video shows how you can get the look a safer way .     the clip shows a girl sucking on a pringles tube .     she then reveals her new lips - which are made out of crisps .
carol bennett-chevereau from quebec , canada , filmed her pet moggy getting up to mischievous as he investigated a row of empty suitcases .     but footage shows his adventuring took a turn for the worse with him plunging headfirst into one bag and struggling to get free .     with some zealous tugs , he eventually managed to free his head and get back on all fours .
lihi yona filmed the black lab at a public play area in brooklyn , new york , over the weekend .     after almost a minute the dog shows no sign of slowing down and he continues to bounce around .
ryan bertrand takes to instagram to upload snap of his daughters toy car .     25-year-old southampton defender got her a red ferrari to match his own .     bertrand has made 26 premier league appearances this season .
brisbane designer raking in millions on the back of hollywood 's blockbuster moving ` the avengers : age of ultron '     release of their new line caused the website to crash .     some items sold out in minutes when launched this week .     most expensive items are thor and iron man dresses at $ 100 .     swimwear is among the cheapest to buy at $ 45 .     fans of the series are buying up big because ` they are hoping to wear the outfits at early screenings of the movie '
kelly nash , 25 , went missing from his buford , georgia home january 5 .     nash left the house without his wallet , car keys or id , but a 9mm handgun went missing from his house that night .     a fisherman came upon kelly nash 's decomposed body in lake lanier in early february .     sheriff 's officials said the 25-year-old accounting student suffered a gunshot wound and drowned .
ap mccoy will retire immediately if he wins the grand national .     he rides favourite shutthefrontdoor in the # 1m race on saturday .     the champion jockey won the famous race on do n't push it in 2010 .
clean eating alice is the latest healthy living instagram sensation .     she posts pictures of her body transformation and healthy meals .     the pretty blonde has a six pack thanks to the ldn muscle bikini plan .
washington company unveils matches that burn in testing conditions .     the # 5.47 uco stormproof matches use a coating that always smoulders .     they will start burning again once they comes into contact with oxygen .     rigorous tests have drenched the matches in buckets , buried them in mud , and blown them with a compressed air hose .
what to expect if bernie sanders takes the presidential plunge .     biden 's and kasich 's `` wait and see '' 2016 strategies .     gop recruiting senate candidates for 2016 in nevada and colorado .
high temperatures forecast for this week thanks to spanish plume - before familiar showers could return .     sunny spells for south west and south wales as temperatures could hit 21c in south east later this week .     9c higher than normal for month - and a few degrees warmer than current temperatures in mallorca , spain .     mercury set to rise steadily until friday - and rome is expected to hit 16c , athens 16c and marseille 18c .
sophie thomas attends clermont northeastern middle school in batavia .     she wore a black shirt bearing word for school picture day back in march .     when students got photos this week , word was removed with photoshop .     administrators said they asked to remove word , a claim thomas disputes .
the south african comedian , whose announcement as jon stewart 's replacement surprized many , was spotted at citi field on monday .     he was spotted enjoying the mets taking on the philadelphia phillies in the company of jerry seinfeld , larry david and matthew broadrick .     noah 's very public appearance with new york jewish comedy royalty comes not long after he was accused of anti-semitism .     he and seinfeld were also photographed filming a segment for seinfeld 's acclaimed comedians in cars getting coffee online series .
stranded victims of the storm were unable to attend an anzac day service .     local karen newton played the last post at the kurri kurri memorial .     she made the trip to gillieston heights to deliver food to the flood victims .     while she was there , she struck up another rendition of the song .     the goosebump-inducing moment was captured on film .
floyd mayweather held media workout at his gym - but turned up late .     he is just over two weeks away from facing manny pacquiao on may 2 .     mayweather will earn more than $ 180m from the richest fight in boxing .     but he admitted he no longer enjoys the sport and will retire this year .     mayweather plans to have one more fight in september to finish his career .     ricky hatton : pacquiao has style but mayweather ` will find a way to win '     click here to watch manny pacquiao 's open media workout live .
cameron said he knows that ` fear and worries ' remain over immigration .     under tories , two-thirds of uk job growth now benefits british citizens .     pm said he will continue ` serious , sustained attempt ' to control immigration .
pictures show raheem sterling and jordon ibe with shisha pipes .     however , liverpool duo are n't first stars to be involved in such controversy .     saido berahino and kyle walker both pictured inhaling ` hippy crack '     read : sterling filmed inhaling laughing gas .
feidin santana , 23 , went to the scott family 's charleston , south carolina home on thursday to meet with the slain man 's mourning relatives .     he was embraced by the man 's parents and son , who told him that he should now consider them family .     santana has been hailed a hero for filming the moment officer michael slager fired eight shots at scott as he ran away on saturday , killing him .     after the video emerged , the officer was arrested and charged with murder .
the 18-year-old , who goes by the name of dark.cyanide , says he likes capturing the city from different perspectives .     he has climbed some of new york 's tallest and most iconic buildings , including one that was 72 storeys high .     images including landmarks as never seen before , such as one world trade centre and the empire state building .
alfred taubman , who died friday , was active in philanthropy and worth an estimated $ 3.1 billion .     amid suburban boom of the '50s , he realized people would need places to shop : '' ... we could n't miss ''     we was convicted in 2002 of trying to rig auction house commissions ; he maintained he was innocent .
the spanish royal family attended easter mass at palma 's cathedral .     first appearance of princesses sofia and leonor in several months .     the children 's grandmother , queen sofia was also in attendance .     the family are staying at the marivent palace royal holiday residence .
andrew sadek , 20 , was working for a narcotics task force after being caught dealing small amounts of marijuana , according to a report .     he went missing in may 2014 and then turned up dead under suspicious circumstances in june .     his death raises questions about the use of young , low-level drug offenders as confidential informants .     officials wonder if these people should be given more detailed information about the dangers of working as informants .
wesley burton , a father-of-three and popular radio host at kpfa in berkeley , california , was killed in a hit-and-run on saturday .     he was driving home from work when a white dodge charger crashed into his silver mercury .     wife lucrecia has made an emotional plea for anyone with information about her husband 's killer to come forward .     burton had three children aged between 4 and 9 and after growing up without a father his dream had been to raise his own kids .
the moon skimmed across the earth 's shadow on saturday , reflecting the red glare of the sun .     it was the shortest lunar eclipse this century , with ` totality ' only visible for five minutes .
george and amal clooney expected to host celebrity friends this weekend .     the couple invited guests to their lake como villa , according to a source .     italian authorities imposed fines for anyone caught loitering around villa .     mrs clooney , a humans right lawyer , turned 37 at beginning of february .
documents reveal relatives of hollywood stars served during wwi .     service records include two of actor joel edgerton 's great grand-uncles who fought in gallipoli 100 years ago .     it comes as australia prepares to commemorate anzac centenary .     nicole kidman 's great-grandfather , edward glenny , worked as a private in the military running the wireless communications during wwi .
stash valued at # 5,620 discovered in 67-year-old christine carriage 's home .     officers said property looked more like clothing warehouse than a dwelling .     she was handed a six-month suspended sentence at norwich crown court .
confirmed death sentences for muslim brotherhood leader and 13 others .     american-egyptian citizen sentenced to life in prison by cairo court .     found guilty of ` plotting unrest ' after ousting of president morsi in 2013 .
woman slipped and fell from hassans fall lookout at lithgow on tuesday .     the 44-year-old was bushwalking with her two children and a male friend .     she is believed to have suffered serious head , spinal and chest injuries .     mother slipped and fell trying to retrieve her mobile phone at lookout .
house of cards follows a ruthless democrat congressman 's rise to power .     set in washington , the hit us tv series features the capital 's best sights .     discover the famous and lesser-known gems in washington , dc .
jessica ennis-hill second to tatyana chernova in 2011 championships .     chernova has since been found to have failed a test in 2009 .     she has been banned but her 2011 world championship title still remains .
just nine points separates the bottom seven clubs in the premier league .     qpr boss chris ramsey says they need three more wins to survive .     burnley host relegation rivals leicester in the league on saturday .
tony pulis led west brom to 2-0 win over his former club crystal palace .     west brom 's performance was typically disciplined of a pulis side .     pulis has insisted that his signature style will never change .
john helinski , 62 , slept in a cardboard box in tampa bay for three years .     he applied for homeless housing , but struggled as he had no identification .     it had all been stolen years earlier - virtually forcing him onto the streets .     a case worker and a cop looked into his past and uncovered his records .     helsinki then went into a tampa bank and discovered a lost account .     enough money and social security was in there for him to buy a house .
tulsa detectives believe the father ` shot and killed the other individuals '     officers found handgun near his body and are not seeking other suspects .     bodies may have been in house for up to two days before being found .     officers discovered them on wednesday afternoon during a welfare check .
injuries sustained in rugby can range from bruises to spinal cord damage .     academics say government plans to increase school rugby games is risky .     professor 's son suffered horrendous injuries playing the sport aged 14 .     allyson pollock wants to see an end to tackling and scrums in the game .
french climber alain robert scaled the 75-storey cayan tower .     daredevil assisted by nothing more than sticky tape and chalk .     the 52-year-old took an hour and a half to ascend the high-rise .     video captures daredevil struggling over a ledge on building .
u.s. official said in february that iraqi troops could go into mosul in april or may .     officials say now that there 's no timetable , an invasion could come sooner or later .     they note that recapturing mosul from isis could be a complicated endeavor .
research conducted by planet cruise surveyed people aged 55 and over .     women were more likely to regret their career choices than men .     men were more likely to suffer from mental illness as a result of regrets .
britain 's got talent presenter amanda holden is a mother of two daughters .     the 44-year-old has revealed heartache of giving birth to stillborn in 2011 .     opens up on in the june 2015 issue of good housekeeping .
jennifer lawless : there 's a strong temptation to view hillary clinton 's candidacy as all about cracking the glass ceiling for women .     she says the reality is that most people will vote not on gender but on the economy and partisanship .
ice melt has revealed the wrecks of vessels including the james mcbride -lrb- 1857 -rrb- and the rising sun -lrb- 1917 -rrb- .     beach erosion , waves , wind and variable water levels are said to be behind wrecks exposure .     eerie images were taken from a helicopter by the coast guard from traverse city during routine patrol .
victims were found inside home in princess anne , maryland , monday afternoon .     dead children range in age from six to 16 and were all brothers and sisters .     relatives named the adult victim as 36-year-old rodney todd sr .     todd and his children - five daughters and two sons - had not been seen or heard from since march 28 .     grandmother named the children as cameron , 13 ; zycheim , 7 ; tynijuiza , 15 ; tykira , 12 ; tybree , 10 ; tyania , 9 ; and tybria todd , 6 .
cryos international is moving from new york to lab complex in orlando .     located near university of central florida , one of the largest u.s. colleges .     spokesman said move would help tap into ` abundant donor opportunities '     ucf has undergraduate intake of 52,000 a year , 23,000 of whom are male .
video footage shows corporal james bass of north carolina sneaking up behind his son joshua as he stands in front of a scenic backdrop .     when the photographer shows the third-grader the finished photo he took , he spots his father in the background .     the father-son then share a big hug with smiles all round .
queensland health confirms there 's a shortage of whooping cough vaccine .     there is an insufficient supply of a booster which is used for adults .     medical professionals insist the shortage will not affect immunisation program for babies , children and pregnant women .     it 's australia 's least well-controlled of all vaccine-preventable diseases .     riley hughes died in a perth hospital at just 32 days old on march 17 .     his parents are campaigning for adults to vaccinate themselves and their children to avoid other preventable infant deaths .     whooping cough is ` highly infectious ' and lethal in babies .     immunisation against it is available for children from two months old .
a south carolina man says he spent 66 days alone at sea before being rescued .     other sole survivor stories include a japanese man washed away by a tsunami .     an el salvador man says he drifted from mexico to marshall islands over a year .
concert will be part of the three-day commemoration of end of wwii .     status quo , katherine jenkins and boy band blue are set to perform .     there will be a service of remembrance on ve day at the cenotaph .
kevin russ hopped trains , dumpster dived for leftovers and slept in ditches as he captured the nomad lifestyle .     he traveled from california to colorado , making his way through arizona , texas and new mexico .     russ became a huge hit on instagram in 2013 , after he traveled for a year in his car to take photographs of the great american west on his iphone .
benjamin astbury was born 12 weeks early , weighing just 1lb 3oz .     was put into a paralysed state on a ventilator to help him breathe .     doctors told his parents he had just a 10 % chance of surviving .
security guard cengiz guven is protecting australian travellers at gallipoli .     the 30-year-old from istanbul is the supervisor of site security at lone pine .     his team will handle bag and entry checks for 8000 australians .     this will be conducted at the lone pine service on anzac day .     about 4000 police and at least 1000 turkish soldiers will be on duty .     mr guven has previously protected russell crowe , naomi campbell and aerosmith rocker steve tyler .
mario ambarita climbed on to passenger jet flying from island of sumatra .     crawled from wheel housing of the plane at jakarta airport in ` dazed state '     airport bosses say his ` fingers turned blue and his left ear was bleeding '     the 21-year-old indonesian man said he was desperately ` looking for work '
18-year-old xie xu met his 19-year-old classmate zhang chi at school .     zhang has muscular dystrophy , a condition which makes it difficult to walk .     xie has been carrying zhang to and from school each day for three years .     he helps him wash his clothes , get his meals , and get to classes .     both boys are the top of their class and hope to go to university .
health experts slam pete evans ' new baby milk formula as a danger to kids .     dietitians says formula has five times daily vitamin a intake for babies .     evans ' is an outspoken advocate for the paleo diet and lifestyle .     pete evans has shared two incredible stories on social media .     a woman , ` hollie ' , claimed the paleo diet alleviated her ms symptoms .     another woman , marg , who also has ms , said her condition has improved .     health experts say there is no scientific evidence to back up the claims .
family festival is located in pippingford park in the ashdown forest .     music includes a wide range of local bands and dance tents in the woods .     food is locally sourced , and there 's a picnic on sunday with a free hamper .     stressed out parents can head for the woodland spa while their little ones play sport or do art classes .
pre-med student lizzie cochran has created clothing and accessories influenced by the microscopic structure of anatomy and disease .     she has set up a kickstarter campaign to fund her venture , called epidemia designs , and has nearly reached her goal of $ 15,000 .     15 per cent of profits will go to projects aiming to lower the impact of preventable diseases around the world .
customers used to white lids on the famous zero calorie , zero sugar type .     other variants coke zero and coke life used to have black and green tops .     but company has now brought all four variants ` together under one brand '     company accused of ` messing with our heads ' with red tops for all types .
lindsay , 28 , moved to the uk last spring before making her london stage debut .     the former child star has become more famous for her run-ins with the police and the media than anything else in recent years .     but lindsay is now vowing to stay in london to ` grow up '     she appears in a provocative spread for homme style magazine , having been shot by famed fashion photographer rankin .
ella may rudd left a scathing review on facebook for the maaco auto body shop in hagerstown , maryland after 10 visits to fix a leak .     co-owner kyle kandrick told her husband rudd had ` personally attacked him ' on facebook and that he needed to ` deal with it before i deal with it '     the mother-of-two said she confronted kandrick after the voicemail and said ` my husband will not handle me at all '     rudd said the franchise 's president told her he could n't fire kandrick because he 's a co-owner of the franchise .
ford unveiled its gt earlier this year to the surprise of industry experts .     the supercar has 600 horsepower , up-swinging doors and a rear engine .     its design was showcased in a light installation at milan 's piazza de fidele .     it comes as bosses say autonomous car is '10 per cent ' from complete .
tim sherwood 's side came from behind to beat liverpool 2-1 .     philippe coutinho chipped liverpool into the lead in the first-half .     christian benteke and fabian delph inspired an aston villa comeback .     19-year-old jack grealish was in fine form on his wembley debut .     click here to read sportsmail 's match zone from the wembley clash .
ten australian war widows travelled to gallipoli to attend this saturday 's anzac centenary commemorations .     the group - who were much younger than their husbands - are guests of honour at the gallipoli dawn service .     they will join more than 10,000 australians and new zealanders at the anzac commemorative site at gallipoli .
timothy eli thompson was born without nasal passages or sinus cavities .     mother brandi mcglathery said ad with photo of her son that pro-life group posted about him was removed by facebook for being too controversial .     a post she wrote about it was shared 30,000 times and photo was put back .     facebook is now admitting ad was not ` in violation ' and ban was a mistake .
liverpool were beaten 4-1 by arsenal at the emirates on saturday .     club 's top four hopes have been dealt a massive blow with the defeat .     liverpool lost to another of their top-four rivals manchester united before the international break .     brendan rodgers admits that their chances of qualifying for next season 's champions league have severely diminished .
dustin johnson can prove himself at this year 's tournament .     henrik stenson has been ill but has the quality to impress .     phil mickelson , at 25-1 , is a good each-way bet for the title .
air india has evacuated 2,500 people in recent days from yemen , indian official says .     passengers could only bring carry-on luggage onto the airplane .     the saudis have not destroyed the airstrips , which are controlled by houthis .
police were called after a neighbor saw south walking through a field behind a louisville middle school while pointing a gun in the air .     police asked south to put the gun down but instead he pointed it at them .     after shots were fired by police , south shot himself in the head and died .
a jacket and full skirt ensemble worn in several key scenes in the 1939 movie has fetched $ 137,000 at auction .     the has faded over time from its original slate blue-gray color to become light gray .     private collection james tumblin learned that the dress was about to be thrown out in the 1960s and negotiated a deal to buy it for $ 20 .     other top selling items from the auction were a straw hat worn by leigh that sold for $ 52,500 .
the sheriff says a `` big mistake '' contributed to the inmate 's escape .     2 months after being convicted of murder , kamron taylor escaped an illinois jail .     he is captured by police 60 miles away in chicago , authorities say .
mary magdalene is one of the bible 's most complicated characters .     mark goodacre , who appears in the series , answers your questions about her .
the pups were apparently discovered in a discarded shoe box on tuesday afternoon and taken to the humane society for immediate treatment .     in a bid to save their lives , vets decided to put the young dogs with a surrogate cat .     the pairing proved to be an instant success .     as kit the tabby had recently nursed her own kittens , she was able to feed the puppies with her own milk .
sjaak rijke saved by french troops who captured jihadis and killed others .     no word on two other men including south african with british citizenship .     dutch minister : ` i 'm happy this terrible period has been brought to an end '
this cute toddler 's talented balancing skills have made her an internet hit .     tiny dancer happily spins around to music with three bowls on her head .     the chinese girl is thought to be practising a traditional female folk dance .
ellanora arthur baidoo has been trying to divorce her husband for several years .     husband does n't have permanent address or permanent employment .     baidoo is granted permission to send divorce papers via facebook .
reddit launched its r/thebutton thread on april fool 's day .     it is accompanied by a timer that counts down from 60 seconds .     when the button is clicked , the timer resets and the person who pressed it is given a colour that signifies how long they left it before pressing .     it is not known what will happen if the timer drops to zero .
amanda knox , 27 , and her family have been left in financial difficulties by the fight to clear her name .     biographer douglas preston claims the seattle native now suffers ptsd .     claims that the knox family have used up the $ 4 million advance she got for autobiography .     he says that despite being declared innocent last month the victory was bittersweet .     in late march , knox , 27 , and ex-boyfriend raffaele sollecito were acquitted of murder of meredith kercher in november 2007 .     pair were convicted of murder in december 2009 , before being acquitted in october 2011 and reconvicted in 2014 .     spent a total of four years behind bars while they were in italy .
yulia tarbath , 33 , continued regular workouts and raw vegan diet .     returned to starting weight of 8st just two weeks after birth .     baby daughter weighed 7lb 5oz and yulia says she 'd do it all again .     experts say leading vegan lifestyle is unhealthy during pregnancy .
a statue of lucille ball in celeron , new york was dubbed so offensive the artist has offered to fix the statue for free .     however , there are unrecognisable celebrity effigies all over the world .     femail rounds up the very worst star statues , wax works and figurines .
kim kardashian has revealed her daily diet in extract from her new book .     the star changes her meals every ten days with the help of a nutritionist .     kim typically eats eggs for breakfast and fish with vegetables for lunch .     other stars to reveal their eating habits include beyoncé and j-lo .     jennifer aniston is a new atkins fan while gwyneth paltrow eats ` good '
abdel-kader russell-boumzar granted bail in brisbane court on thursday .     the 17-year-old is accused of racially abusing train guard in brisbane .     footage of the teenager allegedly spitting on guard went viral .     russell-boumzar spent 69 days behind bars for a string of alleged offences .     magistrate told him to stay out of trouble when released on bail .     he will reappear in court on may 4 for charges relating to the train incident .
$ 250 -lrb- # 168 -rrb- neurio device claims to make ` an ordinary home smart '     recognises the electronic signature of different devices , such as kettles .     information is fed to an app to tell users their home 's energy consumption .     app allows users to control appliances through their phone too .
luke shambrook was last seen leaving candlebark campground on friday .     there has been an unconfirmed sighting of luke with police acting quickly .     the 11-year-old was reportedly seen walking 4 kms from his campsite .     police remain hopeful they will find luke , who has ` high pain tolerance '     luke has limited speech and his family says he is probably confused .     a large search is being carried by a medley of search and rescue teams .     police also said conditions are favourable for his survival overnight .     they have issued an extensive description of luke and his clothing .
gold coast city council will be able to shut down illegal party houses .     more than 700 party houses across city that regularly attract loud parties .     party houses are just short-term accommodation rental properties .     police are often called in to handle noise complaints and lewd behaviour .
student britt lapthorne , from melbourne , disappeared in 2008 .     she was last seen at a club in the coastal town of dubrovnik in croatia .     her body was found almost three weeks after she disappeared .     she was found badly decomposed in boninovo bay .     croatian police have never solved the mystery of how she died .     her family believes she was murdered and dumped at sea .     a victorian inquest into her death will be closed .
the richest compiled a list of the top airport landing charges .     be prepared to fork out # 2,630 to land at la guardia in new york .     prices are based on landing a private 767-400 jet carrier .
clarence david moore , 66 , was convicted of larceny of more than $ 200 in north carolina in 1967 and was sentenced to up to seven years in prison .     while working with a road crew in the asheville area , he escaped and was recaptured in 1971 .     he escaped again the following year and was on the lam until he was apprehended in texas in 1975 .     his third escape from a henderson county prison was august 6 , 1976 .     moore 's neighbors knew him by an alias and described his as ' a good neighbor , ' and also ` very compassioante '     the sheriff said he thought moore 's poor health factored into his decision to turn himself in .     as moore arrived at the jail , he thanked the sheriff for his kindness .
john frost hilariously recounts stories from his career at london airports .     frost and his team frequently detect drugs hidden in bizarre ways .     he has even had to deal with a monkey ` disguised as a hairy child '
the man records himself descending mountain with fellow skier .     he negotiates a number of trees and video is initially a success .     pair stop but the snowboarder fails to move from path of chairlift .     while posing for the camera the chairlift hits him hard in the head .     the footage was recorded in the chiisagata district of japan .
young women can get cheaper car insurance than men , economist warns .     he says drivers with jobs mainly done by women offered lower premiums .     newcastle university 's stephen mcdonald analysed this pay-by-job system .     dental nurse , 21 , likely to pay 10 per cent less than they would have in 2011 .
relationship issues and sexual problems discussed over a pint with mates .     hidden cameras recorded 70 hours of footage at lord nelson , east london .     cameras did not show any mention of football and women rarely discussed .
rafa nadal beat lucas pouille 6-2 , 6-1 in the second round on wednesday .     spaniard got his clay court season off to a perfect start with a routine win .     world no 5 made just five unforced errors as he booked third round place .
brett robinson , 33 , facing 12 charges after allegedly letting an inmate out of his cell and engaging in sex acts between march and july last year .     allegedly brought him into the control room where she worked at washing county jail and had sex with him on his birthday under a blanket .     relationship continued and robinson wrote inmate a love letter saying he was ' a constant presence in my thoughts , fantasies and dreams '     was caught during an investigation into colleague jill curry , 39 .     judge ruled wednesday that robinson 's lawyers waited too long to file an insanity defense earlier this month , with her trial set to start next week .     a psychologists report that she suffers from mental illness has been ruled insufficient .
footage show 27-year-old jared henry being knocked off his board to the ground while the deer spins on its stomach into the ditch .     the pro-sportsman was shooting a video for the fayettechill outdoor clothing brand before the freak accident took place .
esa 's rosetta spacecraft temporarily lost contact with earth .     the problem occurred when flying just nine miles above comet 67p .     comet debris caused the probe to lose track of its position in space .     but after a nervy 24 hours , engineers successfully made contact again .
remains dating to the 5th century were found in tomb in hwangnam-dong .     show a man 's bones on top of a woman 's who was buried with jewellery .     experts believe silla dynasty-era tomb was built for a noblewoman and her lover or bodyguard was sacrificed and buried on top of her .     there 's a suggestion that the set-up may have been designed to show two people having sex - and the silla were known for their explicit pottery .
julian lines was captured scaling a sheer cliff face in the cairngorms using only his fingers and feet for support .     the 42-year-old , from northern ireland , said he has had some ` near misses ' in his nearly 30 years of solo climbing .     but insists that ` life 's problems evaporate ' while edging towards the summit and describes climbing as ` simple '
governor mary fallin signed bill allowing nitrogen execution into law .     chamber is pumped full of gas , and body dies from lack of oxygen .     method will become oklahoma 's second choice after lethal injection .     supreme court is due to rule on whether current execution drugs are legal .     if gas execution is not available , state will use electric chair or firing squad .
survey found more than half of uk children kids do n't have any veg .     fussy kids are frustrating for parents when they refuse to eat certain foods .     nutritionist annabel karmel tells femail how to make a child like greens .
mayweather and pacquiao will fight in las vegas , nevada , on may 2 .     around 500 tickets for the welterweight unification clash sold out very fast .     the high pay-per-view price may lead thousands to stream bout illegally .     launched by twitter , periscope used to stream hbo 's game of thrones .     broadcasters showtime and hbo could miss out on millions to streaming .
us citizen xue feng returned to his family in houston , texas , on friday .     detained in november 2007 on charges of ` illegally procuring state secrets '     convicted in 2010 of illegally gathering information on china 's oil industry .     50-year-old doctor served all but ten months of his eight year sentence .     president obama personally lobbied for release during 2009 beijing visit .
julie bishop has caught up with her fashion icon jimmy choo .     the foreign minister was in perth to meet with families of sas members .     jimmy choo is in wa to host his first ever australian masterclass .     the pair crossed paths at a special lunch , attended by ms bishop .     she made a faux pas when she showed up in another designer 's shoes .     she has often spoke of her love for shoes and designers such as choo .
davy condon has been forced to retire due to a spinal injury .     the irish jockey fell during this month 's grand national at aintree .     condon was advised to retire after seeing a specialist on wednesday .
nick clegg made the admission in a rare joint interview with his wife miriam .     lib dem said she decided against moving into ` government mansion '     ` discussion 's a rather grand word for miriam basically saying no , ' he joked .     miriam claims he has put ` country above party ' at ` great personal cost '     tonight : spotlight nick clegg tonight -lrb- thursday -rrb- on itv at 7.30 pm .
liverpool take on blackburn in their fa cup sixth round replay tonight .     the competition represents the anfield club 's last chance of success .     brendan rodgers ' side are all but out of the race for the top four .     liverpool also endured poor campaigns in both european campaigns .     robbie fowler : fa cup hunt must not be all about steven gerrard .
billy mitchell was born with apert syndrome - a rare condition that causes malformations to the skull , face , hands and feet .     youngster has endured a series of major operations to correct deformities .     surgeons cracked open his skull before piecing it back together again .     seven-year-old had a titanium frame drilled into his skull for nine weeks .
author lisa erspamer invited celebrities and a number of other people to write heartfelt notes to their mothers for her new book a letter to my mom .     stars such as melissa rivers , will.i.am , and christy turlington participated in the moving project .
tammy abraham scored twice against manchester city on monday .     dominic solanke was also on target in the fa youth cup final first leg .     the chelsea duo have been in brilliant form so far this season .     both will be hoping to earn some playing time if chelsea clinch the title .     solanke could be involved against arsenal at the emirates on sunday .
faris al-khori , 62 , was found with dozens of bomb-making ingredients .     police found chemicals , nails , ball bearings , toxic beans and instructions .     discovery made during a fire at his block of flats in edinburgh last year .     he pleaded guilty and was sentenced to three years and four months in jail .
the mother-daughter duo dined at lupa in the greenwich village saturday .     the enjoyed a five-course italian lunch of pasta , salad , meat and cheese by the restaurant 's owner , mario batali .     michelle was in new york this week launching an interactive online map to encourage people to join their local ` let 's move ' program .     mother 's day is may 10 .
kabul faces uncertain future as nato presence -- and the money that came with it -- fades away .     interpreters are out of work , nato trucks sit idle on roads , restaurants are empty .
the fire on a platform in the gulf of mexico has been extinguished , pemex says .     45 workers were injured in the blaze , according to the state oil company .     four workers were killed in the oil rig fire , which started early wednesday .
yobs had ` already drunk a lot ' when they boarded early morning flight .     they sung , swore and shouted throughout flight from glasgow to alicante .     other passengers were jostled as they tried to calm shirtless , rowdy men .     one man was escorted from the plane by spanish police upon arrival .
jeannie flynn has spoken of terror as people screamed about saving her .     chip shop worker , 53 , said bricks were falling all around her after she fell .     onlookers describe her ` disappearing ' down a hole on busy road in fulham .     she ended up in cafe basement but miraculously was not seriously injured .
jeff mccubbery and ian bullock met on a fishing trip twenty years ago .     they believe traditional aussie lingo is being lost to imported vernacular .     they make custom memorabilia which embodies traditional aussie lingo .     but none of the companies they approached have taken on their products .
nine-year-old william kulk died in hospital on sunday night .     his eight-year-old sister piper died on sunday morning .     they were both involved in a horrific car crash on the nsw central coast .     over $ 32,000 has been raised to help the devastated family .     were travelling with elder brother , mother and grandmother .     they had spent the day at the royal easter show in sydney .     their brother daniel , 12 , is in a stable condition in westmead hospital .
albert is breed of cat called selkirk rex known for its wild , tufty fur .     he is named after albert einstein thanks to his untamed grey coat .     his owners live in salt lake city and regularly post pictures of their cat .
the european grand prix will be staged in azerbaijan next year .     former soviet republic has been criticised for poor human rights record .     bernie ecclestone claims f1 has conducted its due diligence .
new model accurately predicted patients ' progression from hiv to aids .     inspired by similarities between hiv and computer worms such as the highly damaging ` conficker ' worm , first detected in 2008 .     model found early treatment is key to staving off aids .
the bodies of the six soldiers were found buried in a farmer 's field in belgium in 2008 and 2010 .     efforts to identify the men were unsuccessful so their gravestones will be marked ` known unto god '     the men , who died in october 1914 , were reburied in prowse point cemetery with full military honours .     their graves will sit alongside those of more than 200 other commonwealth soldiers in the cemetery .
it took atlanta-based writer alex gray 20 months to lose the weight from his 354lbs frame .     the 27-year-old said he used to visit the drive-through to get fast food three or four times a day .
alice barker was a dancer in the 1930s and '40s .     thanks to filmmakers , barker -- now 102 -- finally saw herself dance .
england no 8 cited for incident in saracens ' 22-6 aviva premiership win .     vunipola 's case will be heard by a three-man rfu panel on thursday .     leicester centre veriniki goneva also cited but he will not attend hearing .
a woman discovered a tree snake curled up inside a shopping trolley .     snake catcher richie gilbert was called to the rescue at coles caboolture .     when he arrived , he managed to untangle the snake from the trolley .     he safely released it back into the bushland just kilometres away .     mr gilbert also gave daily mail readers his top tips to avoid getting bitten .
man walked into hospital in guangdong province and took nurse hostage .     but brave doctor lin xikun offered to swap place with terrified woman .     managed to keep the knife-wielding hostage taker calm until police arrived .     the accident and emergency doctor is being hailed as a hero by colleagues .
chris christie appeared on the tonight show and called out jimmy fallon for his weight jokes about the governor .     later in the program he hoarded a pint of ice cream fallon brought out for the two to share .     when asked if he would run for president , christie said ; ` i 've got a day job which keeps me busy '
vowed to lobby on behalf of other innocent people who have been jailed .     she served four years for murder of british student meredith kercher .     was freed on appeal with former boyfriend raffaele sollecito .     their acquittal was overturned but was finally cleared by italy 's highest court last week .
promoter : manny pacquiao 's has between 800 and 900 friends who want tickets to historic las vegas clash .     kenny bayless named as referee in mayweather-pacquiao 's bout , dubbed the `` fight of the century ''
broadhurst park will host benfica for opening on may 29 .     new stadium will serve community on non-match days .     the # 6.5 m ground was financed largely by fans of the democratic club .     general manager andy walsh describes new stadium as a ` statement of what football supporters can achieve '
hill says the other teams in the relegation struggle will be worried .     qpr drew 3-3 with aston villa in six-pointer on tuesday night .     rangers remain two points shy of safety in the premier league table .     defender hill is encouraged by four points taken from last two matches .
lpga player posed shirtless for may 's ` fitness and power ' issue .     editor-in-chief jerry tarde defended decision after recent controversies .     two previous front covers have featured two non-golfing women .     one reader said : ' i was n't sure if it was a playboy ad , or if it was a golf digest ad '
couples are sharing their proposals via instagram account howheasked .     alongside the thousands of pictures are couples ' touching proposal stories .     stunning settings include mountain tops , balmy beaches and snowy parks .     paris , hawaii , venice , norway ... and disney world all feature .
extraordinary footage taken by driver on business trip to indiana .     the driver describes how the situation is ` totally crazy ' as he films .     he was talking to his son on the phone at the time , so tried to sound calm .
william ` wild bill ' wilson , 93 , and lillian karr wilson , 89 , were both alzheimer 's patients and had to live in separate nursing homes .     but their son doug often drove lillian to see bill and said he believes they were able to ` read each other ' even when they had trouble communicating .     the couple did n't have their parents ' blessings when they ran off to wed .     but they survived a war and many moves and job changes during marriage .     their shared funeral service will be a ` celebration of life '
agnese klavina , 30 , vanished from puerto banus resort on september 6 .     had been on night out at aqwa mist nightclub popular with rich and famous .     westley capper , 37 , has already admitted driving her away in a mercedes .     he declined to answer questions in appearance before spanish judge .     co-accused craig porter , 33 , was in the car and also said nothing in court .     capper 's dad john specialises in buying and selling luxury properties .
stephanie scott was last seen at leeton , 550km west of sydney , on sunday .     high school teacher is due to marry her partner of five years on saturday .     police have grave concerns as her disappearance is ` out of character '     family fear her red mazda - also missing - may have rolled off the road .     they have asked the public to help search along roadsides in the area .     her parents plan to hire a private helicopter to assist with the search .     the 26-year-old spent the weekend she disappeared picking up cufflinks for the wedding and a bikini to take on her honeymoon to tahiti .     family have begun the heartbreaking task of cancelling wedding plans .
ashton taylor has slammed belle gibson over false claims she had cancer .     the 21-year-old , from perth , was among the tens of thousands who purchased the popular app the whole pantry .     she has had 15 brain operations as she battles a rare condition .     gibson admitted she never had a terminal brain cancer .     miss taylor said she felt tricked after believing gibson 's cancer story .     but the student said an apology will not make up for what she has caused .
davion only took to the pulpit to find a forever home .     after some setbacks , his family is set to make it official in april .
adam johnson charged with three offences of sexual activity with girl , 15 .     winger also facing charge of grooming and has been bailed until may 20 .     sunderland decided not to suspend johnson and he is available to play .     read : johnson charged with three offences of sexual activity with a child .     read : johnson 's sunderland future in doubt .
ben stokes ' dad gerard tweets his approval of marlon samuels ' salute .     joe root moves to 2,000 test runs , faster than sachin tendulkar .     stuart broad wastes another review , branded the worst of his career .
kate winslet submitted application for a sea wall along west sussex coast .     she wants to build a 550ft-long sea wall to protect her home from flooding .     but natural england has raised concerns about environmental impact .     it recommended her local council refuse the planning application because of concerns wall could destroy habitat for rare birds and wetlands .
mark faville , of christiansburg , virginia , was found guilty of voluntary manslaughter in the death of his wife anne , who died in 2000 , on friday .     it was initially believed she choked to death , but a new autopsy determined she had been suffocated in a homicidal manner .     the couple 's two adult daughters testified against their father during the trial , noting his odd behavior .     as he was led away , deputies began yelling , with one saying ` drop it , drop it '     the courthouse was placed on lockdown , and faville was later found dead of a self-inflicted wound .     it is not known what he used as deputies do not carry guns .
jeans designer reportedly owes $ 126,594 in tax .     relaunched denim label in 2014 after going into liquidation in 2013 .     previously went into administration in 2011 but revived by apparel group .     supply deal soured , with designer ordered to pay $ 150,000 to retail group .
eerie earthflow was captured in the kemerovo region of russia .     it left a wide path of destruction , toppling pylons and crushing trees .     earthflows can vary in speed from barely detectable to 12 mph -lrb- 20km/h -rrb- .     they are a form of landslide where fine soil or sand becomes waterlogged .
darlene feliciano , a walmart manager , was out on makapuu ` tom-tom ' trail overlooking sea life park along kalanianaole highway in oahu .     she slipped and fell 500 feet below a hole in the trail know as the puka .
what 's it like to become a new parent in your seventies ?     donald trelford became a father for the sixth time aged 76 .     he shares the pain and pleasure of raising two toddlers in the twilight years .
on april 16 , molly parks was found in the bathroom of the new hampshire pizza restaurant where she worked with a needle still in her arm .     her family wrote an honest obituary announcing her death and detailing her ` bad decisions including experimenting with drugs '     she had been addicted for 5 years and previously had a near-fatal overdose .     her family said they are sharing her story as a warning to other families and to plead with them ` to stay on top ' of their loved ones with addictions .
rectangular 18-carat piece was gifted to lord uxbridge for his heroics .     after being hit by cannonball he remarked ` by god , sir , i 've lost my leg '     the cover of the three and a half inch box is lord uxbridge 's coat of arms .     it was sold by auction house bonhams to a private collector for # 100,900 .
spinner named as new ambassador for liverpool fan group pak reds .     the england star has been called up for last two tests in west indies .     pak reds group was founded in 2011 and attained official status in 2013 .     it has six different branches across pakistan .
study at stanford university has been hailed a ` tour de force '     raises hopes the body 's immune system could be trained to attack a range of cancers , including melanoma , pancreatic , breast and lung .     process relies on the same mechanism as that which causes animals ' bodies to reject organ transplants .     expert said results are ` impressive ' , adding ` you see tumour eradication .
ellie harrison says she ` accepts ' that she will one day be replaced .     she has previously been asked to be less ` hollywood ' on screen a comment she believes refers to her blonde hair .     in 2009 bbc came under fire for dropping former countryfile presenter miriam o'reilly who successfully sued them in 2009 .
rio ferdinand missed 3-3 thriller with aston villa through injury .     he has featured in just five qpr matches since the start of october .     harry redknapp initially wanted him to be at centre of a back three .     but the plan backfired as rangers made a poor start in premier league .     ferdinand has found it difficult to regain his place in farewell year .
dozens of animal welfare complaints made after northern ireland event .     horse pictured trying to jump over car with glass still in windscreen .     one animal is seen crashing head first into turf - dismounting a rider .     animal welfare group says horses were ` exploited and abused ' in event .
the # 3.7 million structure is the longest skywalk in the world beating one at the grand canyon by five metres .     the cantilevered platform in chongqing offers visitors a 720 degree view of the canyon below .     glass platforms and transparent barriers mean people get an unobstructed view of the natural beauty spot .
robert hardy , 89 , is a military enthusiast who studied english literature under j.r.r. tolkien .     he is selling off a huge collection of books , artwork and furniture .     among the objects which have gone up for auction are a huge 3d diorama of the battle of agincourt .
ben flower returned from his six-month ban on thursday night .     wales forward made first appearance since he punched st helens ' lance hohaia in the opening moments of last season 's grand final .     27-year-old received a brilliant reception during 's wigan 's 30-20 victory against warrington .
april 23 marks 10 years since first video , `` me at the zoo , '' was uploaded to youtube .     site gets billions of views every day ; 300 hours of uploads every minute .     new studios being opened for budget filmmakers to improve quality of output .
virgil van dijk gave celtic the lead with a superb free-kick .     josh meekings escaped a red card just before the break for a hand ball .     celtic keeper craig gordon was sent off early in the second half .     greg tansey 's penalty and edward ofere put inverness ahead .     john guidetti equalised , but david raven had the final say .
the omura 's whale was discovered on a remote exmouth beach in wa .     it was washed up on the beach by tropical cyclone olwyn .     authorities found it hard at first to identify the 5.68 m juvenile female .     however dna profiling confirmed it was an omura 's whale .     it is the first sighting of the species in wa and only the second in australia .
derek murray , a university of alberta law student , could have had his day ruined by the mistake by a stranger 's kindness brightened it up .     murray posted his story and the note online and the random act of kindness has now gone viral .
if her campaign succeeds , clinton will be the second oldest u.s. president .     has so far used her age to win voters posting photographs of herself as a child after wwii and also using the hashtag #grandmothersknowbest .     clinton leads a global group of high-achieving older women including anna wintour , judi dench , dilma rousseff and nancy pelosi .
dr. sergio canavero says he is two years away from performing the first total human head transplant .     the first patient will be a 30-year-old russian man with a rare , genetic muscle wasting disease .     one ethicist says canavero should be helping paralyzed patients walk before performing body transplants .
a clip of mimi playing volleyball was uploaded to facebook .     cat saw of competition from thousands of gifted animals .     family received # 20 voucher to buy treats for their cat .     owner said ` family were really excited to see the advert '
grayson moore , annabel jensen and sara woodhouse are transgender .     moore , formerly grace , realized in high school and takes testosterone .     jensen , who was born christopher , also takes hormone treatments .     mormon church will not baptize anybody who has sex change procedures .     woodhouse transitioned later in life - he was married with a daughter .     the three have found varying degrees of acceptance into mormon life .
a man contacted police after noticing he was driving in front of the truck that had been stolen from him earlier that morning , police said .     the truck was swiped on victim 's birthday .     police attempted to stop the stolen vehicle -- but the driver , 29-year-old terry proctor of piedmont , alabama , did not stop , leading to a pursuit .     the driver crashed the vehicle and was ejected as the truck rolled over .     proctor was captured after a foot chase and was booked into a jail .
`` rosie the riveter '' appeared on the cover of the saturday evening post on may 29 , 1943 .     mary doyle keefe was a 19-year-old telephone operator at the time .
the shibu inu puppy has the impromptu chat with a husky .     begins vocalising with a yappy bark while the husky whines .     american kennel club staff try to pacify the excited shibu inu .     shibu inu runs in the air in an attempt to get closer to husky .
warning graphic content .     davy mcgregor posted the gruesome ear injury on his twitter page .     the heriot 's racing club hooker had been playing against the barbarians .
software designer charanjeet kondal created images of new royal with app .     if he 's right , heir will have blonde hair , dark brown eyes and a small nose .     betting public believe the royal baby will arrive into world on wednesday .
raffaele sollecito pictured shopping for lingerie in a clothes shop in rome .     cleared in march of killing the british student meredith kercher , 21 , in 2007 .     italian , 31 , and american amanda knox , 27 , both acquitted two weeks ago .     knox and sollecito reportedly planning to seek compensation for time wrongly spent in prison .
former secretary of state landed tuesday night at washington reagan national airport after a first-class flight from boston .     clinton stared ahead wordlessly , walked and did n't acknowledge questions as daily mail online asked whether she had made mistakes in benghazi .     deadly attacks , carried out by an affiliate of al qaeda , claimed the lives of u.s. ambassador to libya chris stevens and three other us personnel .     special congressional committee investigating circumstances before and after the attacks ; its report will come out during 2016 presidential campaign .     questions remain about clinton 's alleged failure to protect her diplomatic outpost , and the reasons she cited for the debacle after four flag-draped caskets came home .     u.s. intelligence knew at the time that benghazi personnel were aware they were under attack , but clinton and other obama administration officials blamed an out-of-control protest linked to an anti-islam youtube video .
israeli prime minister said agreement puts country in ` mortal danger '     he said during a statement the deal ` paves ' the way to the bomb for iran .     urged western powers to carry on putting pressure on tehran .     the white house reiterated they remain committed to israel 's security .
77-year-old wrote letters from his bed at ashworth hospital in merseyside .     hopes ukip will ` decimate ' the other political parties in general election .     branded david dimbleby an ` establishment dumpling ' in the rant .     murdered five children in 1960s and buried bodies on saddleworth moor .     he hopes that ukip will ` decimate ' the other political parties in the general election , describing david cameron 's views as ` the usual mob-pleasing pr drivel expected from such bovines ' .     the political leaders are unworthy of ` even being assassinated ' .     voters must choose between ` public school millionaires ' or a ` refugee , privileged german jew ' - an offensive and inaccurate reference to ed miliband , whose belgian father fled the nazis .     after ` half-a-century 's imprisonment ' , he believes most professional criminals are tory voters . he also scoffs at the pm 's ` disgust ' over the possibility of convicted killers getting the vote by saying he ` could n't care less about voting ' .     branded question time ` for the dumb ' with the ` same old party hacks ' and labelled host david dimbleby an ` establishment dumpling ' .     claims he does not like the bbc and stopped reading newspapers in 1998 - instead getting his information from al jazeera .
george osborne has warned that taxes will rise under labour government .     chancellor claimed labour has ` done it before and will do it all over again '     taxes on earnings rose nearly # 1,900 under 13 years of labour , stats show .
manchester city are currently nine points behind league leaders chelsea .     city face crystal palace at selhurst park on monday evening .     joe hart has said his side will not give up on retaining the title .
` cannibal cop ' gilberto valle stars in an hbo documentary called thought crimes which premiered on thursday at the tribeca film festival .     ` when you 're behind a computer screen late at night , no one knows who you are , where you are , ' valle says in the opening of the documentary .     valle insists throughout the film that he never intended to actually hurt anyone and says he just has dark fantasies .     valle was arrested in 2012 for plotting to kill and cook women but was released in july .
kevin carr , 34 , ran equivalent of a marathon a day for nearly two years .     carried all of his equipment in a buggy which he pushed along as he ran .     had to use flares to scare bear away after he was attacked in wilderness .     lost three stone during epic voyage which used up 16 pairs of shoes .
flames up to 35ft high engulfed 70 hectres of the st catherine 's hill nature reserve in christchurch , dorset .     a lack of rain combined with strong 45mph winds saw the blaze spread across the heathland dangerously quickly .     more than 80 firefighters spent six hours tackling the blaze which is thought to have wiped out thousands of animals .     dorset police confirmed they are treating it as suspicious after evidence of three deliberate fires was discovered .
fox plans to make a tv movie of `` the rocky horror picture show ''     some of the producers behind the original film are involved .     tv is in the midst of a musical craze .
iraqi officials say izzat ibrahim al-douri , 72 , has died in fighting in tikrit .     he was one of saddam hussein 's most trusted henchmen in ba'ath party .     was one of the most high-profile officials to evade capture after invasion .     had a $ 10m bounty on his head and was one of the us 's most wanted men .
vijay chokal-ingam claims he posed as a black man and was accepted into the st. louis university school of medicine in 1998 .     he decided he 'd have a better chance of getting into medical school if he was black rather than an indian-american man .     tells of his experiences on his own website , almost black and criticizes affirmative action .     he claims he shaved his head , trimmed his ` long indian eyelashes ' and joined the organization of black students .
animal planet captures katie the giraffe 's labor and delivery .     the new baby wiggles its ears , rises , tries to nurse from its mom .
qantas released photos of koalas in first class being served refreshments .     the 4 koalas are gifts for singapore marking their 50 year of independence .     they will be travelling in specially built containers fit with eucalyptus tree .     this special gift was announced by julie bishop on thursday .
company in texas has been asked to develop its revolutionary engine .     ad astra 's vasimr engine could apparently get to mars in 39 days .     it is one of 12 advanced technology projects to be funded by nasa .     others include new types of habitation and small deep space satellites .
this week 's talks on an iranian nuclear deal framework are historic .     the negotiations demonstrated diplomacy at its best , but also at its most hectic .     reporters resorted to ambushes to talk to officials ; negotiations were `` sometimes emotional and confrontational ''
max is a husky-corgi cross and measures 18.5 in from foot to shoulder .     he has become a favourite with staff at the dogs trust in basildon , essex .     unbelievably , he has been abandoned and is now looking for a home .     to find out more about max , call the dogs trust on 0300 303 0292 or visit dogstrust.org.uk .
icon has amassed # 77million fortune since rise to fame eight years ago .     former dumfries shelf-stacker now owns # 11 million beverly hills mansion .     ivor novello winning dj has worked with the brightest stars in pop music .
doug gregory flew beaufighters and mosquitoes in the second world war .     the war hero survived 67 missions flying over nazi-controlled europe .     he later became britain 's oldest stunt pilot and only retired two years ago .     no-one has been arrested or charged in connection with the hit-and-run .
`` the cold war has been over for a long time , '' president obama says .     the thaw in ties has dominated discussion at the summit of the americas in panama .     the top leaders from the united states and cuba have n't met for substantive talks in more than 50 years .
tomas driukas was arrested after paramedics were called to his home .     his infant daughter was taken to hospital with breathing difficulties .     five-month-old , believed to be a twin , died after suffering ` several injuries '     baby 's mother was also arrested but has since been released on bail .
micha stunz , has enhanced his penis with several silicone injections .     it is 9 inches long , 3.5 inches wide and weighs up to 9.5 lbs -lrb- 4.3 kg -rrb- , he says .     the size of his manhood makes sex difficult , although it is not impossible .     he worries that future partners might only love him for his body .
daniel buccheri left guests at his brother 's wedding in tears .     mr buccheri performed his best man 's speech through song .     the song documented his brother adrian and his new wife sarah 's story .     it also delved into their childhood leaving the groom filled with tears .
olly barkley has signed a contract extension at london welsh .     the exiles were relegated from the aviva premiership this season .     fly half barkley is keen to fire the welsh back up to the top flight .     click here for all the latest rugby unions news .
ben affleck has revealed name of the slave-owning ancestor which he got pbs to cut from finding my roots .     he says his freedom rider mother chris anne was descended from benjamin cole , a georgia slave-owner ` about six generations ' ago .     oscar winner apologized last night for having pbs show cut revelation of his slave-owning roots , which was first revealed last week by daily mail online .     ' i did n't want any television show about my family to include a guy who owned slaves . i was embarrassed , ' he wrote on facebook .     pbs has launched an internal investigation into whether or not finding your roots violated their editorial standards and its host 's future is in doubt .
the dog named stains required a cut because of the warm weather .     owner decided pet pooch needed a new look and got it cut like lion .     video captures the owner laughing hysterically while filming results .
chancellor said show was a ` fantastic advert for britain and british talent '     he confessed to having a crush on its female lead character demelza .     vowed to maintain tax relief on big tv productions which have encouraged the makers of poldark and other series to choose the uk .
president spoke to the camera for 12 seconds , beginning in southern drawl .     obama has previously said he is a fan of the show and its ruthless efficiency .
saudi military official accuses iran of training and arming rebels .     yemeni officials say school hit by airstrikes ; one source says three students killed .     noncombatants are caught up in yemen 's fighting .
labourer pham quang lanh had metal plate inserted in head after injury .     but the surgery caused his head to swell with a potentially fatal infection .     family spotted maggot infestation after he repeatedly complained of pain .     surgeons say the maggots had eaten the infected tissue but not his brain .
leigh griffiths came off the bench to score a hat-trick at parkhead .     the striker helped celtic come from behind to beat kilmarnock .     celtic manager ronny deila hailed the substitute for his impact .     celtic eight points clear from aberdeen at top of scottish premiership .
abdulkadir zeyat , wife antika , and six children were discovered at home .     authorities suspect food poisoning or a gas leak for their tragic deaths .     neighbours became concerned when they noticed house was eerily quiet .     only survivor was couple 's eldest son kemal zeyat who 'd been out at work .
blackpool fans protested against owners , the oyston family , before their 1-1 draw against reading on tuesday night .     thousands of supporters stayed away from bloomfield road .     those who did show protested before the game .     they are already relegated from the championship .
up to 300 runners in yesterday 's bournemouth bay run sent wrong way .     some of the racers were said to be ` in tears ' after the two-mile detour .     organisation slammed as ` shambolic ' as there was also water shortage .
the dharahara tower in kathmandu was brought down by the force of yesterday 's 7.8 magnitude earthquake .     durbar square in the centre of the nepalese capital is filled with rubble after historic temple collapse .     complex above the city which is considered one of the holiest sites in buddhism was also hit by the disaster .     more than 2,500 people are believed to have died in the devastating earthquake in nepal and neighbouring countries .
a new zealand family of fourteen walked out of remote christian sect .     residents of gloriavale isolate themselves from the outside world .     with a population around 500 , they do not use birth control .     all residents are required to wear blue uniforms .     they have advanced farming tech but rarely watch tv or listen to radio .     the ` ben canaan ' family , as they are known , now live in timaru .     they have been supported by local church who have rallied around them .     the family have moved into a home and the father has a job as a farmer .
tories will be hoping to scare floating voters with puppet-master image .     comes as snp leader ms sturgeon claims that she can help ` lead the uk '     party manifesto to include pledges in policy areas which do n't even directly affect scotland .
dog molly had been on a walk with her owner jane tipper in eype , dorset .     the dog suddenly disappeared from view after chasing a lamb over cliff .     owner 's daughter saw molly survived fall but had no way of reaching her .     coastguards could n't find her after extensive search , but molly was found days later by a dog walker a mile away .
arkansas woman finds a 3.69-carat diamond in arkansas state park .     crater of diamonds is the planet 's only public diamond search site .
apple helping nonprofit buy large tracts of timberland on the east coast .     firm now powers u.s. operations with renewable energy .
memory neurons that covert short-term memory to long-term work most effectively when a person is asleep , scientists believe .     brandeis university scientists believe memory neurons put us to sleep .     say you need to sleep to consolidate and remember what you 've learned .
senate panel is set to vote tomorrow on an intensely debated bill that would give congress a say on a nuclear pact with iran .     house majority leader kevin mccarthy said today he will bring the bill to the floor if the full senate approves it .     administration officials as high up as the president last week made calls to more than 130 federal lawmakers during their spring break .     the executive branch wants them to support the pact , and , at the very least , not to meddle in foreign affairs .     white house today said administration officials would hold classified briefings with members of congress .     at the white house , obama today met with jewish leaders and donors in a separate attempt to woo their support for the accord .
aydian dowling has 40,000 votes - 30,000 more than the man in 2nd place .     he transitioned in 2009 , lives in oregon with his wife of 3 years jenilee .     men 's health competition looks for a ` well-rounded , health-conscious guy who has overcome some challenges in his life and can teach others '
iran 's elite quds force is training , advising and supporting iraqi shia militias in their fight against isis .     iranian officials say they would like better cooperation with the u.s. , but say trust between the nations is lacking .
gisele bundchen walked the runway for the last time wednesday night in brazil .     the supermodel announced her retirement from runway modeling over the weekend .     she plans to continue working in other facets of the industry .
sheila elkan lives in house that was leadbetters ' home in the good life .     great-grandmother has resided at house in north-west london since 1986 .     front and rear garden scenes filmed at her three-bedroom detached home .     margo leadbetter was made famous by penelope keith in 1970s tv series .
ibrahim ahmad , a senior at la center high in washington state , was suspended five days and will miss saturday 's prom .
sydney family claimed the remains of a baby found on maroubra beach .     filomena d'alessandro and bill green have vowed to give her a funeral .     the baby 's body was found by two boys , buried in sand on november 30 .     the infant was found about 20-30 metres from the water 's edge .     police were unable to identify the baby girl or her parents .
sapling was planted in january-wabash park in ferguson , missouri on saturday but by sunday , its trunk had been snapped in half .     by monday , it had been replanted and the ferguson police department is investigating the incident as an act of vandalism .     this is the third time a brown memorial has been destroyed ; in september , a memorial went up in flames and in december , one was hit by a car .
skin cancer is not the only health danger lurking for sunbed users .     dermatologist warns the herpes virus can thrive in the warm enviroment .     ultraviolent light can kill bacteria , but level in tanning booths is not enough .     herpes is highly contagious and incurable and spreads via skin contact .
baron the german shepherd was filmed using the bathroom .     in the footage shared on facebook , the dog raises the toilet seat , relieves himself and puts the seat down before flushing the toilet .     the video has been viewed more than 16,400,000 times to date .     five-month-old pup was professionally trained at hill country k9 school .
conor mcaleny scores stoppage time equaliser for cardiff .     pavel pogrebnyak had put reading in front after four minutes .
accident happened just before 10am on sunday in durham , north carolina .     derek lowe , 38 , and tina lowe , 33 , were pronounced dead at the scene .     northbound train struck pair on property owned by norfolk-southern .     train no. 80 , the carolinian , was headed from charlotte to new york city .     trip continued after about three-hour delay and no passengers were hurt .     man who met pair while collecting scrap metal said they were homeless .
police say they found the drugs stuffed in an furry easter bunny .     cops say they got a tip and intercepted a package headed to a home .     they found a pound of meth inside the bunny worth with an estimated street value of $ 30,000 .     resident carolyn ross admitted to police she was expecting the package .     she 's being held on a $ 75,000 bond as the investigation continues .
susan pease gadoua says traditional marriages set couples up to fail .     she suggests a fixed-term starter marriage of up to a four year contract .     at the end the couple decide whether to renew their contract .
annette edwards has owned more than 100 bunnies in the past 10 years .     she claims the secret to breeding huge rabbits is both parents must be big .     the former playboy model has owned the world 's largest rabbit since 2008 .     her rabbit darius is 4ft in length but he will soon be eclipsed by his son .
deputy michael hubbard spotted the woman on a highway overpass .     south carolina cop pulled over on the i-16 and tried to talk to her .     she tells him : ` just looking for my way out and being at peace '     officer then grabs her and drags her away from the ledge .     he says : ` give me your hands , you 're not going out like this today '
ed miliband is trying to build his ` leadership skills ' using psychology .     he has hired a leadership coaching firm to help him feel less anxious .     the firm extendedmind also tries to make its clients seem ` more authentic '     miliband had a note to remind him to be a ` happy warrior ' during a debate .
here 's a roundup of the week 's trending pop-culture stories .     they include a new `` star wars '' trailer and an ill-advised , on-camera rant .
larry upright wrote impassioned plea for people not to send the democrat to the white house in 2016 .     family said that upright would most likely be ` up there giggling right now '
deal between iran and six world powers has given iranians hope , writes ghanbar naderi .     lifting of international sanctions a possibility , iranians hope for better living conditions , he adds .     people will likely keep president rouhani 's `` moderate '' government in power , naderi writes .
honza and claudine lafond are yoga teachers based in sydney .     they travel the world to teach yoga , showing off their flexibility by striking impressive yoga poses wherever they go .     run a worldwide studio called yogabeyond , specialising in acrovinyasa , which incorporates acrobatic flying .
two-year-old oratilwe hlongwane can wow fans by playing music on dj kit .     performing under dj name of ` aj ' , toddler plays house music from a laptop .     he still wears nappies and ca n't yet talk but has a legion of fans for dj-ing .     parents believe his ability stemmed from dj app he taught himself to use .
samantha simmonds posted honest blog about easter family break .     detailed how youngest son , four , knocked six-year-old 's tooth out .     wrote of ` ticking time bomb ' when all three children are together .     in the post the newsreader , 42 , also describes ` working mum guilt '
lauren hill was a promising basketball player diagnosed with rare tumour .     was given two years to live at just 18 , which was reduced to two months .     teenager defied the odds to carry on playing basketball for months more , raising money for research into childhood cancer before her death .     at a public memorial today her casket was placed in the arena and at the site where she made her first basket , with items from her basketball career .
american to make a rare appearance at a villa match .     they take on liverpool in the fa cup semi-final at wembley on sunday .     lerner did visit villa park for arsenal game back in september .     he has been trying to sell the club since last may in # 150m deal .
kim jong-un dismantled the group of teenagers after his father 's death .     but now three years of mourning has expired he has demanded they return .     group are traditionally private dancers and maids for north korean leaders .     the girls are usually married off to top officials once they reach their 20s .
linda thompson , now 64 , was married to bruce jenner from 1981 to '86 .     she has published blog detailing how he told her of his gender struggles .     explains how revelations led to their divorce following births of two sons .     also speaks of bruce 's painful electrolysis and surgeries to feminize face .     young sons noticed father 's breasts once ; she lied to cover the changes .     the pair , brandon and brody , now adults , supported bruce in abc tell-all .     this is despite bruce having ` cut his sons out of his life for years ' after he stopped taking female hormones and married his third wife , kris jenner .
andy murray beat novak djokovic in straights sets to win at sw19 in 2013 .     jose mourinho said he could feel the emotion of what it meant to murray .     mourinho also hails wimbledon as ` more than a grand slam '     read : mourinho critics do n't have a leg to stand on as he gets job done .
london mayor warns the snp want to ` end britain , to decapitate britannia '     says scottish nationalists want higher taxes and welfare payments .     david cameron warns england , wales and northern ireland would suffer .     nicola sturgeon launches manifesto with vow to ` lead ' the united kingdom .
concierge service bluefish are offering dives to journey to the magnificent ship on the atlantic floor .     the unique experience will let you see the famous grand staircase along with many other rooms and areas .     the dives form part of valuable research , with data being relayed to scientists worldwide .     so far 40 people have done the service compared to over 500 people visiting space .
sir john chilcot 's inquiry began in 2009 . it has cost taxpayer almost # 10m .     yesterday it emerged it is unlikely to be published until 2016 at the earliest .     bereaved parents are disgusted that their suffering is being dragged out .     delay is so figures like tony blair can rebut inquiry 's findings , families say .
dramatic footage released today shows prince harry flying two-seater spitfire over the english channel last august .     the 30-year-old royal is seen howling with delight as the fighter plane is guided into expert loop by an instructor .     after he lands , the former apache helicopter commander is heard saying ` all good things must come to an end '     prince also met former servicemen accepted on to spitfire training programme supported by his endeavour fund .
technology is being used by yoghurt manufacturer morinaga milk industry .     it was designed by toyo aluminium and is inspired by lotus leaves .     the toyal lotus lid 's surface is covered in microscopic bumps .     these increases the contact angle for liquids to 170 degrees causing them to form spheres and roll off .
påhoj was designed by swedish designer lycke von schantz .     once a cyclist arrives at their destination the seat can be used as a stroller .     it has a ` lightweight chassis ' and is 3.2 ft tall -lrb- 1 metre -rrb- .     product will launch on kickstarter next week but prices are not known .
charlie adam scored brilliant long range goal against chelsea on saturday .     the scot scored a similar effort for blackpool reserves in 2009 .     the goal was captured on video by blackpool 's tangerine tv .
gertrude pitkanen started the illicit scheme in butte , montana in the 1920s .     for around 30 years , she gave newborns to adoptive parents for cash .     children involved in the crimes have aged , and are looking for answers .     is only since the proliferation of dna that they have found lost relatives .     group called gertie 's babies believe there are more children out there .
tranmere on brink of relegation from league two with two games to play .     rovers manager micky adams left club by mutual consent on sunday .     tranmere could drop out of football league after 94 years .
claire nugent and nigel morter restored a 1940s airfield control tower and now run it as a b&b .     emma edwards runs a vintage website and spent # 10,000 converting her home into a 50s haven .     48-year-old ursula forbush likes to come home and switch on an old record player like in the 60s .
golf 's first major of the season , the masters , tees off on thursday april 9 .     rory mcilroy is bidding for a career grand slam while tiger woods is back .     extreme weather conditions including high temperatures and storms have been forecast across the four day event in augusta .     click here for all the latest news from the masters 2015 .
the two disturbing videos were uploaded to facebook on wednesday .     a woman unleashes a racist tirade on her neighbours from over the fence .     she swings a crowbar at the group of men and a tussle breaks out .     the woman is struck in the face during the fight and is visibly bleeding .
the april lunar eclipse turned the moon blood red on saturday night .     bad weather ruined viewing chances for sydney , brisbane , hobart , darwin .     adelaide and melbourne had the clearest skies out of all the states .     a lunar eclipse occurs when the moon passes in the shadow of earth .
when a user receives a call , hello will show them info about who 's calling .     this includes any public information collated from their facebook profile .     hello also shows how many people have blocked an unknown number .     free app is currently in beta and only available on android devices .
julian zelizer : washington is gridlocked and leans conservative .     but liberals can launch social programs at lower levels , zelizer says .     trying programs out locally can set groundwork for washington action in coming years , he says .
malia obama is already visiting schools and will attend college in fall 2016 .     11th grader , 16 , goes to private sidwell friends school in washington , d.c.     she has already visited schools like harvard , stanford , columbia and yale .     president obama said he 's ` sad ' and he tears ` up in the middle of the day '     malia 's younger sister sasha , 13 , has more time until she considers college .
neil bantleman , also a british national , found guilty of abusing three boys .     sentence sparked outrage among supporters including the school itself .     british embassy said there were ` concerns about irregularities in the case '     after verdict , bantleman vowed to ` continue to fight until truth comes out '
one in five people have never seen a hedgehog in their back gardens .     only a quarter of those who do admitted seeing the animals frequently .     wildlife survey suggested the small british mammal is in huge decline .     there are thought to be less than 1 million hedgehogs in the country .
eva kor , 81 , embraced former auschwitz guard oskar groening , 93 .     the former ss man is on trial for war crimes for his two years at the camp .     kor described to court how she and her twin sister were experimented on .     she suffered at the hands of dr josef mengele at the nazi death camp .
dorothy brown : ben affleck and henry louis gates scrubbed segment about affleck 's slave-owning ancestors from tv show .     she says they two missed a chance to discuss racial issues that still fester in this country .
walsh appears to jump a car travelling at 40mph in paddy power advert .     irish jockey says in clip he is preparing for saturday 's grand national .     two-time national winner will ride ballycasey at aintree .     bookmaker is no stranger to controversial ad campaigns .
police worried about teen girl who has been missing since friday afternoon .     sally gordon-smith , 14 , was last seen leaving her school near melbourne .     police confirmed she was still missing early on saturday morning .     an image of ms gordon-smith released in the hopes of finding her quickly .
craig dawson to serve ban following gareth mcauley 's incorrect red card .     wba keeper ben foster ruled out for six months with knee injury .     qpr have no fresh injury concerns with richard dunne and leroy fer out .     queens park rangers teenager darnell furlong also ruled out .
the clip , which was created by the daily share , compares near-identical products for men and women and highlights the price differences .     according to the creators of the video , california is one of the few states to have put a ban on ` gender pricing discrimination '
john allan suggested tesco could easily move its hq out of london .     cameron has promised to renegotiate britain 's membership of the eu .     an in-out referendum on the outcome of the talks would be held by 2017 .
zakiur rehman lakhvi allowed to leave adiala prison late on thursday .     his release was slammed with indians calling it an ` insult ' to the victims .
cambridge united chairman warning of rise of violence among older fans .     dave doggett said grandfathers in their 50s and 60s trying to arrange fights .     he said violence has increased since club promoted to league two in 2014 .
rajpal singh , 34 , had become depressed and began eating metal objects .     over three years he swallowed around 140 coins , 150 nails and more .     says he did n't realise this habit could be the cause of his stomach aches .     has undergone 240 procedures to remove objects - but some still remain .
king willem-alexander of the netherlands is celebrating his 48th birthday .     took part in a water-borne procession along a canal in dordrecht .     was joined by his glamorous wife , queen maxima , and their daughters .     the 43-year-old queen was resplendent in a cheerful raspberry get-up .     king 's day - or koningsdag - is a national holiday in the netherlands .     celebrations include ` king 's parties ' and eating lots of tompouce pastries .
the sentencing phase in dzhokhar tsarnaev 's trial begins in a federal court in boston .     prosecutor shows pictures of the four victims and tsarnaev flipping his middle finger .     victims testify about the impact of the bombing on their lives .
exotic mosquitoes were discovered at brisbane international airport .     authorities have been forced to stepped up bio security measures .     all planes coming from south east asia are now being fumigated .     exotic mosquitoes were detected in february this year at brisbane , adelaide and perth airports .     barnaby joyce said there have been no more detected after biosecurity was amped up .
the edge 360 plane crashed in flames at old buckenham airfield in norfolk .     eyewitnesses saw single-engine aircraft go into a flat spin at about 2.45 pm .     pilot who died in the incident has been named locally as david jenkins .     ` he was the best bloke i knew , ' said a friend who wished not to be named .
bayern 5-0 up at half-time as robert lewandowski -lrb- 2 -rrb- , thomas muller , thiago alcantara and jerome boateng scored .     former liverpool and real madrid midfielder xabi alonso scored bayern 's sixth in the closing stages .     porto had gone in to the match with a 3-1 lead from last week 's first leg in portugal .     colombia international jackson martinez scored a consolation for porto with seventeen minutes to go .     porto 's spanish defender ivan marcano was dismissed in the 86th minute after picking up two bookings .
noelle reno believes former fiancee intended to jump from london home .     scot young , 52 , died after falling and becoming impaled on metal railings .     ms reno , reality tv star , said in blog he ` unexpectedly committed suicide '     others have speculated that russian gangs were involved in his death .
jia huaijin aspires to bring back 2,000-year-old sword making technique .     each sword is worth 18 times the monthly salary of the chinese president .     blades are hand-crafted from steel that is 3mm thick and are razor sharp .     sword fanatics from as far as canada have bought the expensive replicas .
crystal palace beat manchester city 2-1 on monday night .     england boss roy hodgson and ex-rolling stone bill wyman were there .     chairman steve parish posts picture with them and alan pardew .
the agreement between representative alan grayson and wife lolita was announced on tuesday by a judge in an orlando , florida .     mrs grayson had claimed in court papers that she was divorced from her first husband when she married the congressman in 1990 .     besides bigamy allegations , there were mutual allegations of battery and accusations by lolita grayson of financial abandonment .     the trial was previously delayed because lolita grayson had leaking breast implants .
`` no challenge poses more of a public threat than climate change , '' the president says .     he credits the clean air act with making americans `` a lot '' healthier .
amir khan released a video last week saying he would fight chris algieri .     the british star has since been criticised for his choice of opponent .     khan also had the opportunity to fight kell brook at wembley in june .     brook wants to return to action at the o2 in london on may 30 .
malijah grant was allowed to die on saturday after she was shot while sitting in the back seat of her parents ' car thursday outside seattle .     authorities initially believed it was a road rage incident turned violent but now say the shooting was not random .
witness who took the video says `` mr. scott did n't deserve this ''     north charleston police officer michael slager is fired .     the city orders an additional 150 body cameras .
footage has emerged of i was only 19 being played at an anti-islam rally .     former redgum frontman john schumann condemned the use of his song .     he said he was ` disappointed ' to see it used by reclaim australia members .     singer said the song was about compassion , tolerance and inclusiveness .
sarah brennan , 36 , was on the ivf waiting list when she became pregnant .     project manager from south wales went into labour at 33 weeks .     couple had ten pregnancies , none of which went past 12 weeks .
arsenal fan 's girlfriend avoids getting dumped after passing football test .     saskia got an ` a ' , but apparently needs to work on her player positions .     the bemused woman posted pictures of boyfriend 's test on twitter .
royal baby will be born at st mary 's hospital in paddington , london .     pm says he supports the right of people to choose treatment options .     cameron is praying for ` happy , healthy news for that wonderful couple '     prince george was born at same hospital two years ago in july 2013 .
janet faal , 57 , was out with a friend as part of her rehabilitation in crawley .     she moved wooden pallet with foot to help friend reverse and slipped down .     grandmother-of-two smashed face on pallet and left doing ` splits ' in hole .     miss faal says it has set her back in battle with debilitating agoraphobia .
zuriel oduwole is a 12-year-old filmmaker .     to date , she has interviewed 14 heads of state .
vegetables sold in uk are grown by workers ` denied basic hygiene facilities ' in almeria , spain .     almeria workers use bushes near where vegetables are being grown as toilets .     some live in filthy shacks made of wood and plastic sheeting near fields in almeria .     claim to be sprayed with pesticides and be left unpaid for hours worked .     watch the full film tonight on channel 4 news at 7pm .     an article of 15 april reported on a channel 4 investigation into the treatment of salad and vegetable workers in southern spain who live and work in filthy conditions without basic toilet and hand washing facilities , forcing them to urinate near produce . those allegations were not made against agroherni group in murcia but relate to separate companies elsewhere in spain , in almeria . we apologise to the agroherni group for any damage caused .
scott suggs , 28 , and brandy kangas , 36 , locked three children in room .     room was ` sparsely furnished ' and stained with human urine and feces .     girls , three and four , and 17-month-old boy were fed meals through gate .     couple were arrested after police received anonymous tip about abuse .     both given six-year suspended sentences after admitting child neglect .     victims , who lacked social skills when found by police , are now in care .
reports claim google is latest firm to test alternative battery options .     sources said the four-man team devise and test different technologies .     it follows apple 's recruitment drive for battery and software experts .
rickie lambert has barely played since joining from southampton .     brendan rodgers ' decision to continue with mario balotelli is illogical .     balotelli has to go down as liverpool 's worst-ever signing .     lambert may not be world class but he deserves better than this .     read more : manchester united need to raid borussia dortmund .     read more : mesut ozil is in danger of becoming an arsenal flop .
arsenal face burnley in evening fixture at turf moor on saturday .     gunners are 2nd in the premier league while hosts are in relegation zone .     arsenal partner europcar reveal playlist players will listen to on the bus .     olivier giroud picks coldplay , danny welbeck opts for chase and status .     theo walcott is an ll cool j fan , nacho monreal goes for david guetta .     read : arsenal stars in good spirits as they bid to win eighth straight game .
runaway alaskan husky , sarabi , escaped on march 21 in anchorage .     she was dropped by musher laura allaway 's team during iditarod race .     three-year-old dog was caught in cage trap on monday night in palmer , alaska , and will be reunited with allaway on april 28 .     dog was found 42 miles from where she ran away .
kevin blandford 's ` sad face ' photo album has gone viral on the internet .     photos have been viewed more than two million times on imgur .     he won the trip through his workplace but his wife was n't able to join him .     kevin told mailonline travel that the getaway was n't as bad as it looked .
pet cat marv became stuck in five inch gap between two garages in bristol .     marv was stuck upside down in the small enclosed space for two hours .     firefighters were forced to chisel through a wall in order to free him .     he was then reunited with his owners and luckily was uninjured .
newcastle travel to the stadium of light to face sunderland on sunday .     clash being billed as ` the desperation derby ' with both sides struggling .     john carver is fighting to secure his future as manager beyond the season .     carver has stopped thinking about getting the job on a permanent basis .     dick advocaat is striving to ensure sunderland remain in premier league .
a man named john posted the advert in a newsagents in muswell hill .     it details that he is looking for a companion , apprentice , worker and lover .     he says the role will bring ' a way of life with quality '     his ideal woman is aged between 30 and 40 and is happy to be interviewed .
ian bell hit 143 on the opening day of the first test in antigua .     bell came in with england struggling , but took them to 341 for five .     the 33-year-old was dropped during the 2009 series in the caribbean .     bell says it was ` nice to come back and put things right '
doctors found jackson byrnes ' aggressive brain tumour three weeks ago .     only one surgeon in australia , dr charlie teo , was willing to operate .     more than $ 95,000 was raised for jackson by strangers to pay for the $ 80,000 surgery and help fund his treatment .     it was expected jackson would wake paralysed from the extremely risky op .     instead , he woke up and moved his arms , head and thanked dr teo .     it 's hoped the operation has bought him more time .
murray says he has left majority of planning the day to fiancée , kim sears .     has said ` it 's just better to let the woman have it how she would like '     admits he ` could n't care less ' about flowers and colours schemes .     but has been involved in food and cake tasting , saying ' i like good food '     wedding held next week at dunblane cathedral , murray 's home town .
the three eight-week old puppies were found inside the box on april 18 .     a woman saw the box , left outside of a tennessee goodwill donation site , moving and approached it finding the dogs .     the labradors were taken to mckamey animal center for treatment which said the animals have worms and are malnourished .     it also said it is likely dogs have been neglected over an extended period of time due to their poor condition .     since beginning treatment , they have been flourishing and will be put up for adoption once treatment is complete .
derby had failed to win any of their previous seven games .     goals from chris martin and darren bent lift them up to fifth .     wigan now eight points from safety with just five games left .
aaron cook was overlooked by team gb for the london olympics .     taekwondo star has received citizenship from moldova and plans to fight for them at the rio 2016 games .     the british olympic association could yet block the move .
raymond allen has hand-written copy of the colonel 's secret recipe .     established uk franchise of restaurant in preston , lancashire , in 1965 .     87-year-old said company had strayed and should have ` stuck to chicken '     personal friend of ` the colonel ' sanders who was ` kind ' but ` forthright '
a new survey found seven in 10 people end up injured while doing diy .     poll of 2,000 people found 68 % say they or their partner have ended up hurt .     two in five said they injured their back and one in five had cut themselves .
the 12-inch main broke in manhattan before 7pm and send water cascading onto tracks .     some 500 riders were immediately evacuated from the west village subway tunnel and thousands more affected by delays .     the water also inundated the street corner where the break occurred and can be seen lapping at a west village convenience store .
university lecturer dr alex russell shares his expert advice .     dr russell says that anyone can improve their tasting skills in four hours .
mathew sitko , 23 , crashed his car and ended up hanging over a cliff edge in lewiston , idaho in an 'em otional episode ' wednesday morning .     jason warnock , 29 , was nearby when he saw the car above so he climbed up a footbridge and ran to the edge of the cliff and pulled the man out .     he needed to leave to go to work but was tracked down after the picture quickly spread online .     ' i think maybe god put me here at the right time , ' warnock said .     police are now saying that sitko crashed his suv after hearing a song on the radio that ` convinced him it was his time to die '
review by catholic news service says hit show is not historically accurate .     slams depiction of catholic saint sir thomas more as ` just plain rude '     audience encouraged to root for ` monster ' thomas cromwell , review adds .     programme starring damian lewis screened for first time in us on sunday .
clinton n'jie gave lyon the lead but max gradel equalised from the spot .     lindsay rose was sent off for the home side inside the opening half-hour .     romain hamouma put st-etienne ahead but christophe jallet hit back .     lyon are level on points with champions psg who have a game in hand .
holly willoughby , katherine jenkins and samantha cameron all wear pink .     spring/summer collections are awash with different shades of the colour .     according to experts , stronger pinks show confidence , energy and power .
interest in the hit bbc series poldark has given cornwall 's tourism and housing market a boost .     estate agents said they have seen a rise in interest from fans who are interested in purchasing a second home .     beachfront property near portreath has seven bedrooms , six reception rooms and seven bathrooms .
john terry has yet again impressed in the heart of chelsea 's defence .     jose mourinho should be given credit for trusting the 34-year-old .     manchester city won , but is boss manual pellegrini still under pressure ?     struggling qpr and burnley could be left to rue their huge penalty misses .     mourinho : hazard is worth # 100m for each leg plus cristiano ronaldo .
james ritchie was voted into the job at the tasmanian university union with a clear majority over a female candidate more than three weeks ago .     mounting public pressure and an online petition forced him to resign .     no gender was specified in the union 's job description guidelines .     but the union has now introduced that the applicant must be a female .
public health agency confirm patient is being tested for rabies in hospital .     say that the person had recently travelled to area affected by disease .     rabies is a viral infection that attacks the brain and nervous system .
gareth bale has been chosen in the football league team of the decade .     eleven players and one manager picked as part of awards 10th anniversary .     ashley williams , rickie lambert and adam lallana are all included .     bournemouth boss eddie howe is picked as the manager of the side .
flight was traveling from reykjavik , iceland to denver when it was struck .     passengers said it was hit by lightning shortly after the plane took off .     pilots reported the lighting and continued eight-hour flight to denver .     it was n't until they landed that pilots notice huge hole at the nose of plane .     no one on board was injured and the plane landed safely in denver .
judy murray left newlyweds to it as they took to floor for their first dance .     former strictly star previously admitted to being a ` terrible ' dancer .     andy and kim , both 27 , had reception in cromlix house hotel , after service at dunblane cathedral .
pm appeared weary with bags under eyes at event in plymouth yesterday .     in one day pm visited all four home nations in bid to secure votes .     turbulent week also saw ed miliband overtake him as most popular leader .
digital artist anil saxena , from mumbai , creates surreal images out of pictures of the natural world .     uses photoshop to turn pictures into flights of fancy that make viewers question what they 're seeing .     whimsical surreal shots created thanks to painstaking doctoring using image editing software .
brad pitt set up charity to build new houses after hurricane katrina in 2005 .     make it right foundation embroiled in legal action after homes began to rot .     claims it was lured into buying the special wood only to discover it rotted .     charity is suing timber treatment technologies for ` in excess ' of $ 500k .
anti-semitic attacks worldwide have surged by 38 per cent , study reveals .     france remains the country with the highest number of incidents .     last year it registered 164 anti-semitic attacks , compared to 141 in 2013 .     earlier this year , four hostages were killed at a paris kosher supermarket .     britain was home to 141 violent incidents , after registering 95 a year earlier .
the stunning mosaic could help scientists better understand how water and lava once flowed across mars .     terrain model shows the impressive height of the meridiani planum region at up to 820ft -lrb- 250 metres -rrb- in red .     colder colours reveal craters , ditches and plains , which are particularly prominent in chryse planitia region .     in three years , the german aerospace center wants to represent the whole of mars as one coherent mosaic .
floyd mayweather will be fighting manny pacquaio on may 2 .     the welterweight unification bout will take place at the mgm grand .     fans will be able to buy commemorative jewellery from friday .
nurse deborah roberts forced a wet wipe into phyllis hadlow 's mouth .     dementia patient , 96 , occasionally screamed out because of her condition .     roberts , 53 , also poured water over the elderly widow in a hospital ward .     she admitted wilfully neglecting frail mrs hadlow but will not be jailed .
ian joll was a squadron leader who flew a bristol blenheim light bomber .     was shot down during strafing attack on german aircraft and crash landed .     joll was missing presumed dead , and his mother was sent a telegram .     but minutes later he appeared at her front door after having survived the crash and made his way back to english shores to see his parents .
comfortably numb is a single-use 3d printed device that numbs the skin .     produces a rapid chemical reaction to cool the patient 's skin in 60 seconds .     invention costs around $ 2 to make and could help millions terrified of pain .     three first-year students behind invention say it could work for tattoos too .
15 buffalo are shot on friday after escaping the day before from a farm in schodack , new york .     police helicopters fly overhead and nearby schools put on alert in the final moments of the chase .     the herd breaks through three layers of barbed wire fencing and crosses the hudson river during the escape .
norwich move up to third spot with away victory against brighton .     bradley johnson struck in the 62nd minute to hand his side crucial win .     brighton remain in 16th position with six league games to go .
while some have gone under the knife , these a-listers look effortless .     many have undergone style and hair changes , but look as young as before .     some celebrities like jennifer lopez still look the same after 16 years .
six protesters scale the polar pioneer , hundreds of miles northwest of hawaii .     greenpeace opposes shell 's plans to drill for oil in the arctic .
victoria 's secret caused huge consumer backlash with ` the perfect body '     campaign was amended after change.com petition started by students .     d + bra brand curvy kate spoof ad using top 10 star in a bra contenders .     competition for ` real women ' finds their next lingerie model each year .
white house communications director jen psaki is expecting a baby girl in july ; legislative director katie fallon has a may due date for twin boys .     both women say the president has been supportive of their decision to grow their family while serving in his administration .
yervand garginian , a 60-year-old melbourne bus driver , has gone viral .     he filmed a video showing australians how to cook a ` real barbecue '     his daughter posted it online and it received more than five million views .
tactical filters used on the mobile phone app instagram can paint a different picture of holiday away .     from the taj mahal to celebrities hangouts , the truth can look very different .     photographs reveal the funny or stark reality behind famous tourist spots visited by millions .
human bones found at gough 's cave in cheddar gorge , somerset , bore cuts and bite marks proving the people there engaged in ritual cannibalism .     the remains have been found to be 14,700 years ago and belonged to prehistoric modern human hunter-gatherers known as the magdalenians .     skulls found in the cave also had been cut and shaped into bowls and cups .     researchers at the natural history museum in london believe cannibalism may have been regular part of disposing of dead relatives at the time .
the havasupai tribe are the smallest indian nation in america , with just over 600 village inhabitants .     they live in the village of supai which can be visited by helicopter or mule , as it is eight miles from the nearest road .     visitors can stay overnight with the tribe and experience the incredible havasu falls .
richie benaud first earned fame as a cricket player , later as broadcaster .     prime minister tony abbott calls him `` a cricketing champion and australian icon ''
cristina coria 's husband 's truck was stolen from home in houston , texas .     it was found the following day but its custom-painted bed had been taken .     she went on facebook and saw an ad for a 2003 chevy stepside bed .     set up a meeting with the seller and then stalled until police showed up .     suspect , 18 , is now facing charges for theft and unlawfully carrying a gun .
the duchess of cambridge made revelation at goring hotel 's 105th party .     husband prince william was on an official tour of china .
company behind ashy bines bikini body challenge is being chased by tax office for an unpaid $ 300,000 tax debt .     debts include income and tax , a fine and $ 295,955 worth of interest .     face of the company is online fitness and diet queen ashy bines .     ms bines and husband steven evans sold their shares in company .     mr evans is currently being sued by rival fitness guru emily anderson .
deion sanders calls out son for `` hood doughnuts '' comments .     `` you 're a huxtable with a million $ trust fund . stop the hood stuff ! ''
jeb corliss jumped over the 562m high ball 's pyramid at lord howe island .     footage shows the 39-year-old leaping out of the helicopter in a wing-suit .     ball 's pyramid is the world 's tallest volcanic stack between australia and new zealand .
managers from the london ambulance service just filled 225 vacant posts .     applicants all from sydney and melbourne recruited after one day of tests .     latest example of how nhs recruits overseas as it fails to train staff in uk .     hospital managers have been hiring batches of 30 nurses on trips to spain .     paramedics are being offered # 4,500 ` golden hellos ' if they agree to move to britain within three months .     managers are so anxious to fill posts that 91 per cent of those who turned up to assessments were offered jobs .     applicants told the mail they had been promised a ` new lifestyle ' that would enable them to gain valuable experience , visit distant relatives and ` shoot off ' to spain for the weekend .     the few paramedics who did n't get jobs when managers first flew out in september were so keen they returned for the latest round of recruitment days -- and vowed to turn up a third time if they still were n't hired .     managers claim they can save the nhs # 9million by flying out to australia rather than training paramedics in britain .
friday 's tweet is the first public comment linda has made about her former husband 's personal journey .     she compared his anticipated tv revelations about his ` true self ' to the magnitude of his olympic achievement .     an ex-girlfriend of elvis presley , linda tied the knot with bruce in 1981 .     the couple had two sons brandon and brody before they divorced in 1986 .
angelique kerber beat caroline wozniacki 3-6 , 6-1 , 7-5 in the final .     the german world no 14 knocked out maria sharapova earlier in the week .     kerber won a porsche sports car for her efforts in stuttgart .
pablo mandado and ilze zebolde left london last year on a quest to explore the world on bicycles .     they camp or stay with couchsurfing and warmshowers hosts and spent an average $ 2.99 per day .     pablo , from spain , and ilze , from latvia , moved to manchester together after meeting in riga in 2011 .     they saved up for their travels , which they share on their website , while working in english restaurants .
wolf hall actor damian lewis said redheads ' ` stock is high '     actors with red hair starring in hit films , game of thrones and mad men .     femail takes a look at the hottest flame-haired stars around .
locals were left wondering who 'd done what after a mysterious message .     the apology was splashed across brisbane 's cbd on monday afternoon .     it prompted questions and theories on twitter about who had done what .     skywriter rob vance said the man did n't appear to be frantically lovelorn .     the service usually charges $ 3990 for up to 10 letters of characters .     the author and recipient of monday 's message remain a mystery .
main problem was that the bureau of meteorology could not forecast exactly where the storm would form .     storm was forecast to gather between port macquarie and newcastle , but it formed just north of newcastle .     it then covered 150km south from newcastle to wollongong where a third of australia 's population live .     when the storm hit it caused the maximum amount of destruction because of it being a huge suburban area .     budget cuts also meant the bureau of meteorology did not have as many resources at its disposal .     ` it 's just economics . weather balloons can now only be used in a limited number of places , ' says climate specialist .     emergency services admitted on tuesday they were shocked by the severity of the storm .     their teams were overwhelmed by a weather system that changed very rapidly .     this weather system usually moves away after 12 hours but this one is going to stick around for 24-36 hours .
the cdc says `` the risk to humans is low , '' but , as always , they are preparing for the worst case .     you ca n't get bird flu from eating poultry or eggs .     at least 100 people who worked with the sick birds are being monitored for any sign of sickness .     so far 3.5 million birds have been euthanized .
louis van gaal celebrated beating manchester city at wing 's restaurant .     the chinese restaurant regularly welcomes celebrities and star footballers .     wing shing chu owns the restaurant based in manchester 's city centre .     united and england captain wayne rooney is a regular at wing 's .     radamel falcao , mario balotelli and joe hart have been other visitors .     the most expensive bottle of wine -- a 1983 chateau margaux -- costs # 999 .
researchers in usa , canada and germany analyzed 6,100 responses .     found men were more likely than women to say ends justify the means .     whichever way they decided , women also found the decisions harder .     scientists speculated it is because women 's reasoning is more emotional .
harvey boulter revealed former defence secretary took a friend abroad .     he is now giving money to the opposition of tom tugendhat .
survey of 1,000 firms showed half are less inclined to recruit obese people .     believe they are ` lazy ' and ` unable to fulfil their roles as required '     comes after european court ruled obesity is a disability after 25st danish childminder claimed he was sacked by local authority because he was fat .     specialist furniture such as larger chairs .     parking spaces next to the workplace .     dietary advice to overweight staff .     gym memberships .     opportunities to work from home .
davion only won us hearts in 2013 with plea for family to ` love him forever '     yesterday he was officially adopted by old caseworker connie bell going .     he 's lived with her two daughters and adopted boy since december .     ms going admitted it has not always been easy but says it is worth it and ` everyday it gets a little bit better '
bill would require all new dryers to be no louder than 84 decibels .     state senator says the ` air knife ' elicited episodes in his autistic son .
elizabeth elena laguna salgado , 26 , from chiapas , mexico , was last seen leaving a language school in provo , utah , april 16 .     she moved to provo a month ago after completing mormon mission to mexico .     elizabeth smart and her father held a press conference friday to draw public 's attention to salgado 's missing person case .     woman 's uncle said she has told him a young man had been pestering her to go out with him , forcing her to pretend having a boyfriend .
the uk general election is just over two weeks away .     political parties and retailers selling political merchandise .     strange offerings include high viz jackets , decanters and birthday cards .
grey hair has gone glam with social media awash with images .     users posting images under the hashtag #grannyhair .     models are sporting grey hair on professional beauty shoots .     other instagrammers are posting selfies in front of the bathroom mirror .     stars including kelly osborne , nicole richie and lady gaga and rihanna have helped the trend gain traction .
john sutton jr was just 8 years old in 1940 , when his blacksmith father took him to his first kentucky derby .     the 84-year-old louisville native has n't missed a race since , and has amassed an impressive collection of memorabilia over the past 76 races .     churchill downs , the racing grounds that hosts the competition , has invited sutton to watch the event for free as a special guest on may 2 .
aaron taylor-johnson , 24 , is so mature friends call him benjamin button .     hollywood actor says he ` does n't notice ' 23-year age gap with wife sam , 48 .     the couple have been married for two years and have two daughters .
trichologist philip kingsley says hair consists of protein so eating it is key .     he adds that dietary changes and supplements wo n't pay off overnight .     it takes more than two months for hair follicles to begin to benefit , he says .
remains of the magdalenian ` red lady ' were uncovered in el mirón cave .     bones were stained with a red ochre made from a haematite crystal .     grave is the first burial of this kind found in the iberian peninsula .     her identity and why she was buried in an elaborate tomb are unknown .
esther mcvey will not be cowered by ` misogynistic and sexist ' attacks .     minister target of offensive graffiti and called ` wicked witch of the wirral '     she said of rivals : ` their underhand tactics wo n't bully and intimidate me '     her wirral west seat is key battleground between labour and tories .
nasr bitar spotted google street view car driving around last autumn .     decided it was ` his time to shine ' with it so followed in his car to get a selfie .     sensing the perfect moment , he got out and took the snap in mississauga .     picture of nasr 's selfie and the street view image shared 2.9 million times .
the fat duck in bray named as the eighth best restaurant in the world .     dinner by heston at london 's mandarin oriental hotel makes it to top 25 .     best restaurant in the world is grant achatz 's alinea , chicago .     the awards are voted for by readers of elite traveler magazine .
martin odegaard named among real madrid substitutes for first time .     the 16-year-old was on the bench for the la liga clash with almeria .     odegaard could yet become the youngest player in the club 's history .
rachel lehnardt , 35 , ` allowed her 16-year-old daughter and her friends drink alcohol and smoke marijuana in her georgia home '     they ` all played naked twister and lehnardt had sex with an 18-year-old man in the bathroom before playing with sex toys in front of the teens '     she said she went to bed alone but awoke to her daughter 's 16-year-old boyfriend having sex with her ; there are no charges against him .     after the incident , she lost custody of her children and told her aa sponsor , who contacted authorities .
turkish airlines flight landed at istanbul ataturk from milan , italy .     believed there were 97 passengers on board , all who escaped injury .     pilot had aborted a first landing as flames engulfed right engine .
australia have seen sense by revamping their overseas selection policy .     it leaves england looking old-fashioned and they need to react .     matt giteau and drew mitchell are top-class performers for toulon .     steffon armitage and nick abendanon should come into the selection mix .     england need the best squad possible for the forthcoming world cup .
designers we are handsome , manning cartell and bondi bather turn away from using skinny models .     we are handsome to feature fit women in active swim runwayon tuesday .     models include sjana earpe , kate kendall , amanda bisk and lindy klim .     last month france passed laws banning use of underweight models .     fashion houses face imprisonment and fines if they do not comply .
kristin holmes ` uploaded photo after being mistaken for another woman '     in image , 26-year-old is beaming while pointing a gun toward the camera .     she captioned it : ` so you know the difference when you `` come find me '' '     holmes , from virginia , has been charged with harassment by computer .     facing class 1 misdemeanor that lead to one year in jail and $ 2,500 fine .     but she argues the photo was ` just a funny picture ' that ` was n't a threat '     state law bans use of vulgar , indecent and threatening language online .
ramp agent tells authorities he fell asleep in cargo hold , alaska airlines says .     the cargo hold is pressurized and temperature controlled .
a nasa map has revealed which parts of the world experience the most flashes of lightning ever year .     democratic republic of congo and lake maracaibo in northwestern venezuela experienced the most .     according to the satellite observations , lightning occurs more often over land than it does over oceans .     and lightning also seems to happen more often closer to the equator , owing to the hotter temperatures .
sam reese , 22 , appeared on the channel 4 show first dates .     the male model suggested he split the # 350 dinner bill with his date .     he claims he has received death threats over his behaviour .
psg star lucas moura has lavished praise on barcelona star lionel messi .     moura has put brazil 's rivalry with argentina to one side to laud messi .     psg face barcelona at parc des princes on wednesday night .     read : psg boss laurent blanc feels his side have hit momentum .
`` mad men 's '' final seven episodes begin airing april 5 .     the show has never had high ratings but is considered one of the great tv series .     it 's unknown what will happen to characters , but we can always guess .
ron aydelott , coach of the riverdale high school warriors in murfreesboro , tennessee , sustained serious facial injuries in the attack .
sulforaphane known to block inflammation and damage to the cartilage .     people would have to eat several pounds daily to derive significant benefit .     drug company evgen pharma has developed synthetic version of chemical .
motorcade raced from keene to claremont to concord , obliterating speed limits as hillary kept a tight schedule of off-the-books events .     claremont party at the home of an aide to democratic sen. jeanne shaheen included messaging about income inequality , despite clinton 's own wealth .     event was reportedly scheduled to test the waters for a shaheen endorsement for clinton .     evening dinner party was at the sprawling home of the former new hampshire state senate president , sylvia larsen .     larsen 's house was also the setting for the final democratic women 's event that hillary attended in december 1991 before filing her husband 's paperwork to enter the new hampshire primary race .
punk-glam stars at fashion week on tuesday bringing an edge to the show .     phoenix keating , zhivago , khim hang and alice mccall rocked punk glam .     while others like maticevski , ginger and smart and brunsdon play safe .     collections featured metallics , jewel tones , rigid lines and new textures .
marc wabafiyebazu , 15 , bragged to officials that he and jean , 17 , would go on raids together around canada .     the pair were ` buying $ 5,000 of marijuana ' when jean was shot dead .     marc may be charged with his brother 's murder under florida law .     details have emerged of their indulgent life driving mother 's bmw in miami .     their mother is roxanne dube , the recently appointed canadian consul general in miami .     they had driven to a house with friend joshua white , 17 , who also died .     gunfire erupted soon after they entered , marc was in the car at the time .     alleged dealer anthony rodriguez , 19 , was wounded . he was also arrested on charges of felony murder .
juventus reached semi-finals of the champions league by beating monaco .     they could face bayern munich , barcelona or real madrid next month .     but the italian giants will not fear anyone and could cause an upset .     juve have endured 12 years of struggles since reaching final in 2003 .     but they now boast stars such as paul pogba and carlos tevez .     gianluigi buffon and arturo vidal both say they can go on in competition .
porto beat bayern munich 3-1 in champions league quarter-final first leg .     pep guardiola is confident his side can overturn the difference at home .     the bayern boss says ` only the treble ' will suffice for his team this year .
marty stroud admitted in a letter published in a louisiana newspaper last month that he was to blame for putting glenn ford behind bars in 1983 .     stroud : ' i was not as interested in justice as i was in winning '     ford , now 65 , was freed a year ago after evidence emerged showing he was not at the scene of the murder and has since been living on donations .     he has also been diagnosed with stage 4 cancer and has months to live .     stroud visited ford 's home to apologize to him face-to-face but ford told him he was not able to forgive him .
an unnamed burglary suspect was arrested at a crime scene in birmingham , alabama , on sunday .     despite being handcuffed he managed to escape by driving off in a police car .     the suspect was taken back into police custody after he abandoned the car and attempted to escape on foot .     the man , currently in the birmingham city jail , is expected to be formally charged on monday .
for-profit school closing after being fined $ 30million by dept of education .     corinthian found to have misrepresented student job placement data .     california-based company closes schools , largely on the west coast .     students face thousands in student loan debts with no answers as to whether they will receive refunds .     institution generated $ 1.2 billion in government loans its final year .
jay kantaria , 38 , leapt onto tracks at sudbury hill station in nw london .     he had recently left investment firm to start property development career .     family say he had ` everything to live for ' and death was ` out of the blue '     coroner records open verdict as case ` just does n't seem to make sense '
yassir ali , 29 , flew through red lights during the two-minute chase .     ali was pulled over by police who suspected that his bmw was stolen .     ali , of no-fixed-abode , sped off on a two-minute-long car chase .     he crashed the bmw into a bollard in front of a shop and was arrested .
independent commission for reform in cycling -lrb- circ -rrb- concluded that the uci colluded with lance armstrong to cover up allegations .     hein verbruggen was criticised as events occurred under his leadership .     verbruggen has revealed he is having the report analysed by lawyers .
archives reveal list of drunkards banned from every pub in birmingham .     were all put on the 1904 blacklist after convictions under inebriates act .     list was then sent to landlords who were not allowed to sell them booze .     offenders were also ordered to work up to 21 days of ` hard labour '
zhu diandian becomes web hit after posting pictures of bond with hog .     images show her pet snuggled up in bed and going for walks in the park .     her husband is said to be ` tolerant ' but her pet dog is raging with jealousy .
psg planned to be europe 's top side after major investments in the club .     however , the loss against barcelona showed they still have long way to go .     blaise matuidi thinks luis enrique 's side will win the champions league .
joel ward joined crystal palace from boyhood club portsmouth in 2012 .     he made his 100th appearance for the club against man city last week .     ward admits he is delighted to have signed a new contract with palace .     the 25-year-old has committed his future , signing a three-and-a-half year deal taking him through until summer 2018 .
jasmine midgley , now four months , was born with a ` harmless ' birthmark .     had problems breathing but doctors said she simply had an infection .     weeks later discovered the ` mark ' had grown into her throat , choking her .     benign tumour of blood vessels blocking her airways has now been treated .
shailene woodley colours her lips with roasted beetroot .     blake applies mayonnaise to the ends of her hair when she showers .     kate moss submerges her face in cucumber water .
suzanne evans said she would step in if farage quits because of ill health .     ukip leader is suffering from a recurring spinal injury and is on medication .     but miss evans , seen as a rising star , played down his medical problems .     the party 's deputy chairman wrote ukip 's general election manifesto .
designcrowd created a project to imagine cities without famous landmarks .     the virtual design studio has over 450,000 designers who contribute .     designs included rio without christ the redeemer and hollywood without its famous hill-side sign .
former child star was nominated for the office by richard nixon in 1969 and the fbi was called in to check she was suitable .     file reveals agents went to huge lengths to question those who knew her about her - republican - political views and those of husband charles black .     her first husband john agar told agents she was ` untrustworthy ' - unlike then-california governor reagan who strongly backed her .     temple died in february 2014 aged 85 and her 417-page fbi file was obtained by daily mail online under freedom of information act rules .
psg defender zoumana camara was celebrating his birthday on friday .     he posed for a photo with a cake after training ahead of facing marseille .     david luiz and ezequiel lavezzi dipped camara 's face into the cake .     psg face marseille in an important clash at the top of ligue 1 on sunday .
the boston runbase is scheduled to open april 16 .     it is a combined effort between the boston athletic association , adidas and longtime shoe-seller marathon sports .     the space will allow visitors to learn about the boston marathon , run a replica of the course on a treadmill or see artifacts from its 118-year history .     the b.a.a. plans to use the runbase for special events , including clinics and meet-ups where recreational joggers can connect or get tips .     runbase is just a few blocks from the marathon finish line , and even nearer to the spot where the second bomb exploded during the 2013 race .
james creag suffers from rare condition erythropoietic protoporphyria .     he wears a thick brown sunscream to block out harmful rays which would leave him in agony .     but after strangers taunted him with racist abuse he stopped using it .
aged 42 robin rinaldi believed she had conceived a longed-for child .     the pregnancy test was negative and her husband had a vasectomy .     rinaldi then demanded an open marriage and slept with 12 people in a year .
sally kohn : supreme court seems to have increasingly become a place for partisan theatrics .     she says marriage equality arguments seemed even more shaped by politics than the law .
victoria beckham has updated her black wardrobe with a hint of navy .     the duchess of cambridge 's favourite nude shoes make legs appear leaner .     sticking to one neutral colour palette like kim kardashian is flattering .
bilby numbers are dropping with only around 600 left in queensland .     the native marsupial once occupied 70 per cent of the australian mainland .     now , they have disappeared from around 80 per cent of that area .     introduced predators like feral cats and foxes are their biggest threat .     controlled breeding programs are in place to try and save the easter icon .
west ham 's on-loan barcelona ace has picked his fantasy football xi .     cameroon midfielder has picked a whopping nine barcelona players .     carlos kameni and rigobert song are the only two non barca players .
blake , 27 , welcomed daughter james with ryan reynolds in january .     actress has been parading her new figure promoting latest movie .     swears by ` gentle ' exercises such as hiking and bike rides .
eleven egyptian football fans face the death penalty over a riot in 2012 .     clashes after a match in port said left 74 dead and sparked more protests .     appeals courts last year ordered retrial after 21 fans given death sentence .     two of the 11 supporters given the death penalty today are still on the run .
bear seen chained to a tree for baiting competition to hone dogs ' hunting skills in eastern russia .     masha , a five-year-old bear , can be seen attacked by a pack of dogs as she is chained by her neck .     hunting contest is celebrated in the region as a way of recognising the best canine bear hunter .
one direction star niall horan will caddie for rory mcilroy on wednesday .     1d released their debut album in 2011 , same year mcilroy won first major .     niall is an honorary member at both mullingar and westmeath golf club .     caroline wozniacki caddied for the northern ireland ace at 2014 masters .     click here for all the latest news from the masters 2015 .
nicholas pence , 25 , and his father david , 56 , had friends round to celebrate a victorious football game on wednesday in their rural new orleans home .     their guests left at midnight , moments later they were both shot dead .     david was shot three times in his chair and nicholas was shot twice with tactical shotgun .     quiet wealthy community reeling , said both men ` got on with everybody '     two teenagers , aged 17 and 18 , charged with the killing .     police believe it was a botched burglary , connected them to car break-ins .
chris sussman said particular jokes must go through ' a lot of layers '     cautiousness comes after a ` difficult few years ' at the bbc , he added .     made the comments at a bafta event on free speech and television .
emad sahabi suffered the terrible injury while playing for al orubah .     they had been playing al shoalah in the saudi arabia premier league .     sahabi tumbled over before his ankle was left hanging off his leg .
compulsory fitness tests introduced thanks to expanding waistlines .     those who fail could move from assignments involving physical activity .     fbi chief james coney : force depends on agents to ` run , fight and shoot '
chelsea entertain manchester united in the premier league on saturday .     chelsea boss jose mourinho and united manager louis van gaal are pals .     pair enjoyed a successful relationship together at barcelona in the 1990s .     mourinho has since won trophies in portugal , england , italy and spain .
plane left indianapolis and crashed near bloomington airport after midnight .     among the dead were pilot , business owner , illinois state director of athletics aaron leetch , wells fargo employee and sprint representative .     there was fog in the area when the plane , a cessna 414 , crashed near airport .     illinois state associate head basketball coach torrey ward was also killed .     terry stralow , the owner of a bar called the pub ii , also died in the crash .     ward cryptically tweeted ` my ride to the game was n't bad ' before the tragedy .     faa and the national transportation safety board are investigating the crash .
mike heatlie , 42 , punched fiona mccartney outside edinburgh nightclub .     she is facing # 7,000 dental bill and says she is too scared to leave home .     heatlie pleaded guilty at edinburgh sheriff court to attacking 43-year-old .     stefani previously described trainer as a ` tireless , wonderful motivator '
mark cuban said people should have their blood tested every quarter .     gilbert welch : giving people more tests will increase health spending , but it wo n't make us healthier .
dr ellen gallant battled to save the lives of those injured in avalanche .     spoke of her devastation seeing a 25-year-old sherpa die in front of her .     earthquake sparked by devastating 7.8 magnitude earthquake in nepal .     four americans among 18 people dead after huge avalanche on everest .
cnn team finds a man at `` unofficial '' displaced camp willing to provide children to be `` fostered ''     he says he ca n't take money for them , but eventually demands $ 500 for two girls .
letter was left in the treasury by the former minister liam byrne in 2010 .     it said : ` dear chief secretary , i 'm afraid there is no money . good luck '     balls insists it was just a ` jokey note ' that should not be taken seriously .     the tories this morning accused him of treating the public with ` contempt '
didier drogba has 15 goals against arsenal for chelsea and galatasaray .     he averages a strike every 78 minutes and 20 seconds against arsenal .     drogba could be chelsea 's only fit striker for sunday 's trip to the emirates .     read : chelsea fans storm emirates stadium and turn arsenal sign blue .     martin keown : deep down , jose mourinho admires arsene wenger 's work .
the world famous studios have never before been open to the public .     but in a google first the web giant has made an app with a virtual tour .     includes archived beatles photos and music videos of stars at the studio .     users navigate round in the same way that google street view works .
world news tonight evening newscast has officially overtaken underfire rival nbc 's nightly news in the ratings war .     nbc 's 288 consecutive week winning run had stetched back to september 2009 and the drop comes two months after brian williams ' suspension .     an nbc spokesperson said the network was ` pleased ' with substitute anchor lester holt 's ` strong performance '     switch also follows a change in how the numbers are crunched and nbc is now prevented from including repeat numbers from overnight replays .
cnn investigation uncovers the business inside a human smuggling ring .     10 % discount offered for every referral of another paying migrant , desperate to reach europe .
tiny cubs from derbyshire , cornwall and somerset nursed back to health .     the orphans fed on milk and then , gradually custard creams as they grew .     first cub ` little star ' weighed less than half an apple when she arrived .
volvo and a start-up made life paint - a wash-off reflective spray for bikes .     invisible spray covers anything in reflective particles and glows at night .     cans were given away in london cycle shops and proved a big hit .     now some are on sale on ebay and volvo is considering selling the spray .
miley cyrus challenged convention and left her underarms unshaved .     this may help disperse the odours that attract us to a potential partner .     hair on your toes could be a sign that your circulation is good .
jeffrey toobin : scotus to decide same-sex marriage as u.s. largely in favor . did framers intend this ? that does n't always matter .     he says originalists on the court may hew to conservative view , but most of the justices have given clues that they see writing on wall .
aaron hernandez , 25 , has been accused of shooting six people - killing three , including odin lloyd .     he was convicted of first degree murder in lloyd 's death on wednesday and sentenced to life in prison without parole .     has a long history of troubling behavior , but was never held accountable because cops and coaches looked the other way , according to reports .
preston defeat notts county 3-1 while mk dons beat doncaster 3-0 .     with two games to go , preston are a point ahead of the dons .     the two are competing to join champions bristol city in the championship .
miss kensit said the duchess of cambridge is ` our generation 's suffragette '     the 47-year-old also said the duchess was her ` regal inspiration '     made the comments during an interview with a weekly fashion magazine .     kate is famed for charity work but has never been dubbed a feminist before .     the duchess is due to give birth to her second child later this month .
the presenter said disabled people should not be portrayed as victims .     70-year-old also claimed fears of islamophobia were victimising muslims .     does not believe any politician is currently equipped to be prime minister .
50-foot whale washed up on pacifica state beach in california last week .     it was sprayed with name of east bay rats motorcycle club at some point .     it is unknown how the whale died and results of an autopsy are pending .     witness said ` whoever did this , stinks more than whale 's rotting flesh '
jonathan crombie is best known for playing gilbert blythe in `` anne of green gables ''     book , movies about girl sent to live on canadian farm .
jameela jamil , 29 , is convinced dental work triggered health problems .     for months she would suffer swelling , feel exhausted , and faint .     thought she might have a serious disease such as lupus .     tests suggested she had high levels of mercury due to amalgam fillings .
sofia abramovich took to instagram to create a motivational post .     she said she had been criticised since people found her account .     the teenager said she would turn the negativity into positivity .     sofia has also vowed to be more healthy and look after her body .
gp circulated a letter claiming ` flat-line funding ' had ` crippled ' nhs .     version of letter appeared in the guardian signed by more than 100 doctors .     claimed the ` direction of travel ' under the tories was towards privatisation .     labour were accused of orchestrating the letter as a ` stitch up '
a company called cyark specializes in digital preservation of threatened ancient and historical architecture .     founded by an iraqi-born engineer , it plans to preserve 500 world heritage sites within five years .
the 13th century castle sits on 46 hectares of land in the dordogne valley .     it is only 15 minutes from an airport with direct flights to london .     the castle is also a short drive from the world-famous bergerac wine area .     as well as 14 bathrooms the castle has its very own swimming pool .
the operator of the fukushima nuclear plant said it has abandoned a robotic probe inside one of the damaged reactors .     a report stated that a fallen object has left the robot stranded .     the robot collected data on radiation levels and investigated the spread of debris .
the university of southern california students wanted to help housekeeper fannie randle purchase a new car .     usc senior and former gamma phi beta president alicia jewell called on her sorority sisters and alumni to raise the necessary funds .     ms randle has been driving around in an old duct-taped car .
dan bilzerian , 34 , arrested on explosives charges in december last year .     escaped jail as part of plea that required him to make gun safety film .     film shows bilzerian speaking in monotone voice reading from a script .     sits in front of gun-shaped candle holder next to action figure of himself .
herman goering founded the gestapo and was head of the nazi air force .     he was known for being overweight and for his tendency to sweat a lot .     wear and tear on the suit made by viennese tailor helped experts identify goering as its owner .     it is being auctioned by devon-parade antiques and is expected to fetch # 85,000 .
the 34-year-old beauty was seen walking for colcci during são paulo fashion week in her native brazil , wearing a selection of summery ensembles .     supporting her from the front row was husband tom brady , her parents vania and valdir and sister gabriela .     tom shared gushing facebook message about his wife : ` your beauty runs much deeper than what the eye can see '     she is the highest-paid supermodel for the last 10 years and worth a staggering $ 386 million .     in the past 12 months alone she has amassed $ 47 million -lrb- or $ 128,000 a day -rrb- .     mother-of-two plans to publish a book and appear in a documentary on her life .
nick clegg 's wife wears colourful ensemble tonight to london ceremony .     pictured with likes of daisy lowe and kelly hoppen at goldsmiths ' hall .     bright pink , long-sleeved dress covered in bright blooms at ldny show .     had # 560 gianvito rossi perspex-panelled metallic patent-leather pumps .
three attackers charged over vicious beating that was caught on camera .     tibor racsits , 42 , and daughter kiara , 13 , were attacked on sunday night .     he 'd gone to pick her up from the movies in newcastle , north of sydney .     footage shows group of boys kicking mr racsits in the stomach and head .     kiara ran to help her father but was slammed face-first into the concrete .
shadow chancellor refuses to rule out using threshold to raise money .     vows not to hike income tax rate but not trapping more people in 40p rate .     chancellor george osborne says balls has ` let the cat out of the bag .     tories promise to raise threshold from # 41,865 to # 50,000 by 2020 .     labour says the plan amounts to a # 7billion unfunded commitment .
the ukip leader said he wanted to ` keep his mind as clear as possible '     but he said he would break his drink ban at 6pm before going to the studio .     ukip aide said he would have ' a couple of gin and tonics ' before the debate .     mr farage has been made the bookies favourite for tonight 's itv showdown .
mohammad liaqat racially abused teachers at his child 's catholic school .     muslim father , 34 , was furious that pupils were not allowed to grow beards .     liaqat continued tirade at another school and shoulder barged headmaster .     he was found guilty of racially-aggravated behaviour and assault .
sequester is offering details of eating disorder sufferers for 12p a head .     also offering information on people suffering from 43 different conditions .     diana doyle was plagued by cold calls after her details were sold by firm .     whistleblower says its ` madness ' so much personal information is available .     information on the pension pots of thousands of people was being sold for as little as five pence each just days ahead of major pension reforms ; .     sensitive medical details about sick and vulnerable people -- including those with bladder problems , arthritis and high blood pressure -- were being sold for 19p ; .     an online pharmacy had sold without proper consent the details of nhs patients using its site to order prescriptions ; .     schools , dentists and even a whitehall department bought data from unscrupulous firms trading in private information ; .     those whose information has been sold are now plagued by criminals trying to scam them on the telephone .
floyd mayweather is deep into his training for the manny pacquiao fight .     he has been using crotherapy to aid his recovery after training sessions .     the bath at subzero recovery is cooled to -115 c using liquid nitrogen .     mayweather often calls the owner for a session in the early hours .     mayweather : i am better than muhammad ali and sugar ray robinson .
dame maggie smith 's character may appear in american period drama .     the guilded age was by julian fellowes and is based in new york .     there may also be a plot for american-born cora in the u.s. show .
rabea darduna 's gaza home was destroyed last year ; he sold his door to bring in some money .     on thursday , gaza police seized the door , which had originally been sold for $ 175 u.s.     some of banksy 's art has sold for hundreds of thousands of dollars .
michael olsen , 52 , abandoned his car after ploughing into a traffic island .     he was confronted by pcs mark bird and robert wilson but pulled out gun .     pc bird lunged at olsen in bid to save colleague but was shot in the hand .     olsen claimed gun was toy but found guilty at inner london crown court .
ground-breaking tv documentary followed three children in medical trials .     they were the first in world to have pioneering treatment immunotherapy .     it uses powerful drugs to kill off cancer cells and destroy bone marrow .     toxicity of immunotherapy means children often need to be sedated .     in the film , the children 's parents reveal why they decided to take part .     the documentary , raining in my heart , will be shown on itv on april 15 .     raining in my heart will be shown on itv on april 15 .
juventus go through to the uefa champions league semi-finals 1-0 on aggregate after second leg draw .     arturo vidal 's penalty in the first leg in torino proved enough to earn the italians a date with winner in madrid .     real madrid defeated 10-man atletico madrid 1-0 in their second leg clash after a 0-0 deadlock in their first leg .
colin cromie hired his stepson 's girlfriend xara grogan as a dental nurse .     he flirted with the 29-year-old , shared sexist jokes and tried to kiss her .     when she turned him down he became ` hostile ' and forced her out of job .     miss grogan won claim for constructive dismissal and sexual harassment .
charles severance , 54 , has been charged with murders of nancy dunning , ron kirby and ruthanne lodato , in virginia , over the space of a decade .     prosecution want severance , who was once a fringe candidate for political office , to stand trial for all three killings together .     claims that severance 's ` parable of the knocker ' linked all three deaths .     the three victims were murdered at random in broad daylight when they answered a knock at their front door .
reality star was acting ` unruly ' and ` reeked of alcohol ' at the polo lounge .     she was asked to leave restaurant but became belligerent and locked herself in a bathroom .     after being taken to jail she was cited for trespass , resisting arrest , battery on a police officer and drunk in public .     mother-of-four staunchly defended her sobriety in rhobh finale this week .     rhobh cast mates brandi glanville , eileen davidson and lisa rinna shares reactions on twitter .
promotion is part of al pacino 's speaking tour in the uk and ireland .     package includes tickets to two shows and a five-star hotel stay in london .     if it 's too pricey , fans can pay # 2,500 for alone time in his dressing room .     scarface and godfather actor is speaking in glasgow , london and dublin .
three of the convicted bomber 's family members said they believe dzhokhar tsarnaev was the victim of a conspiracy .     an uncle said ` american special services ' orchestrated the 2013 terrorist attack which left three dead and hundreds more wounded .     tsarnaev was found guilty by a boston jury on april 8 of all 30 counts - 17 of them carrying the death penalty .     the death penalty phase of his trial begins on april 21 .
kim , 27 , looked chic in a big hat and off-the-shoulder dress in miami .     watched andy murray play against kevin anderson in fourth round match .     kim and andy will tie the knot at dunblane cathedral on april 11 .
it 's been a longtime tradition for the conga to play during memphis grizzlies games with cartoon bongos appearing on the court tv screen .     spectators are then filmed attempting to play the imaginary drums .     but one competitor who continues to turn heads is mother-of-two and attorney , malenda meacham .     she says she likes to drink coffee before playing the air bongos so she can give it her all .
intrepid travel cancels all trips to nepal until at least may 11 .     customers with bookings offered full refund or trip somewhere else .     nepal expert at kuoni warns tourists to expect a ` frenzy , ' and that they wo n't be ' a priority '     foreign office 's main focus is ensuring britons keep themselves safe .     helpline set up to offer advice for anyone caught up in the disaster .     warning to tourists heading out to the region to be aware that the area is always ` at high risk ' of earthquakes .     queues begin to build at tribhuvan international airport as tourists look to leave nepal as soon as possible .
mongolian khan and nz jockey opie bosson won the australian derby race .     bosson 's agent adian rodley was captured celebrating on trackside tv .     he did n't realise he was being filmed when his broke into celebration .
terrill wayne newman is vying to become the next kentucky governor .     on tuesday he legally changed his name to gatewood galbraith after a late local celebrity who bid five times for the title but never won enough votes .     newman says he does n't expect to be elected but hopes the gesture will ` warm galbraith 's grave '
millionaire businessman backs labour 's plan to scrap ` non-dom ' status .     he said : ' i never thought any party would have courage to do this '     just last week he publicly backed the tories over their economic record .
harvey weinsten and his designer wife georgina chapman turned up for the premiere of his new broadway play finding neverland on wednesday .     it is the first time the pair has been seen together since weinstein was accused of groping an italian model in march .     the district attorney 's office announced last friday that weinstein will not face criminal charges over the incident .     finding neverland is the same play weinstein gave model ambra battilana a ticket to .     the couple also spent chapman 's birthday together earlier in the week , as well as easter with their children two weekends ago .
a couple named burger and king ?     internet has a meltdown over `` vampire diaries '' departure .
american researchers examined more than 900 people aged 60 and over .     experts believe that air pollution could increase the risk of ` silent strokes '     microscopic particles in pollution are thought to kill 29,000 people a year .     the risk of having a silent stroke can be raised by more than 40 per cent .
australian band , the presets , shared a number of posts on facebook .     attacked fans who supported the execution of bali nine duo in indonesia .     ` please unfollow us , delete all our music and stop listening ' , one read .     fans were divided as some supported the band while others did not .
barnet will return to league two next season following emphatic victory .     two goals from mauro vilhete secured 2-0 win over gateshead at the hive .     the bees clinched the conference title ahead of bristol rovers .     barnet players and fans celebrated on the pitch following final whistle .
the 52-year-old libertarian lawmaker from kentucky shared a snapchat video of himself learning how to play liar 's poker with $ 100 bills .     blizerian is best known for his x-rated instagram page followed by 8million users worldwide .     he plays poker professionally and reportedly once earned $ 50million in winnings in just over a year .     video from last year showed blizerian hurling porn star from a roof .
david a. clarke jr. and jonathan thompson : why does google have an app that ambushes police ?     with waze , we are confronted with a tool that can be lethal to police officers and deputies .
photographs taken after the 7.8-magnitude earthquake sparked an avalanche on mount everest on saturday show the campsite buried beneath snow and belongings strewn across the mountain .     eighteen people were killed in the avalanche , including three americans , and more than 60 were injured .     survivors recalled harrowing tales of being pummeled by snow and rocks as they prayed for their lives .     the massive earthquake is believed to have killed at least 4,352 people across the region .
thousands of children turned out for the event in sacramento , california .     it was an attempt to break world record but they missed application deadline .     adults invaded children-only event with baskets picking up candy .     other parents raged that their two-year-olds had been crushed in the chaos .
thousands of dead fish were found at a lake in huizhou city in southern china 's guangdong province on friday .     owner of a fish farm which operates from the lake says he found evidence the water was polluted with ammonia .     he claims the loss of 100 tonnes of fish overnight will cost him over 1 million rmb -lrb- # 110,000 -rrb- in potential sales .     employees are working to save any live animals by adding salt to the water to restore the chemical imbalance .
first drawing of yellow submarine to fetch more than # 10,000 at auction .     rare celluloid painting depicts vessel used in 1968 film starring beatles .     featuring handwritten notes , it was used as a master for animation team .     yellow submarine was a success and led to the beatles ' 10th studio album .
warrington wolves beat wakefield wildcats 80-0 on saturday .     wildcats are rooted to foot of the table after eight consecutive defeats .     coach james webster said he simply does not have enough players .
femail rounds up practical products for summer .     gwyneth paltrow is selling a sun-proof t-shirt on her site .     temperature-regulating dresses aim to keep you cool in hot climes .
creatures attracted by the higher sea temperatures .     dozens of sightings reported by fisherman off devon and cornwall .     jellyfish can grow up to six feet and weigh 55lb .
pizza hut worker from alberta , canada , got a cold and called their gp .     doctor wrote letter to their employer saying they do n't need a sick note .     opens the letter praising patient for ` sensibly staying home from work '
michelle mone bought three-bedroom property in glasgow 's exclusive park circus after splitting from michael mone .     she spent months renovating period townhouse but is now selling to buy ex-husband out of their family mansion .     it features a grand staircase , large reception hall and luxury interior designs throughout bedrooms and living room .     the 43-year-old ultimo founder will profit from at least # 100,000 if it sells and also owns a # 2million flat in mayfair .
the ten most discounted houses in australia have been revealed by sqm research .     some of these properties have been on the market for up to two years .     among them includes a one-bedroom home in oberon , central west of nsw .     it was listed 800 days ago for $ 299,000 but the price has since been cut down to $ 149,000 .     most of the properties on the list has reduced its asking price from about 35 to 55 per cent .
shrinking florida everglades is proof positive climate change is real and is threatening america 's ` national treasures , ' president said today .     obama also took a half - hour walking tour of the the anhinga trail at the 1.5-million-acre national park before giving his speech and heading home .     ' i ca n't think of a better way to spend earth day than in one of our nation 's greatest natural treasures , the everglades , ' he said , calling the swamp , which he acknowledged is not technically a swamp , ` magical '     day trip , on which obama was accompanied by bill nye ` the science guy ' also highlighted massive amount of fuel it takes to power air force one - 9,000 gallons for today 's flights alone .
steven nelms writes that he ` ca n't afford ' his wife to be stay-at-home mom .     he calculates the monetary value of what she contributes to the home , including child care , cooking , cleaning and running the finances .     nelms concludes that his wife 's annual salary should be $ 73,960 .     he writes that he was ` ashamed ' that his wife ever ` felt like she does n't have just as much right to our income as i do '     nelms said his wife has worked since she was 14 and he wanted to make sure she felt appreciated .
dale and debra krein sued their neighbors in oregon over the noise .     they claim the tibetan mastiffs have barked unnecessarily since 2002 .     a jury has ruled in their favor , ordered the dogs to be debarked .
cylvia hayes allegedly used her relationship with disgraced governor john kitzhaber to land contracts for her business .     emails show she routinely attended meetings and was copied in on emails among senior staff .     also requested information and clerical assistance from state employees .
asma fahmi and her family had hard boiled easter eggs pelted at them .     they had just been to see a theatre performance in haymarket , sydney .     3 british men hurled racial abuse from a balcony as they walked to the car .     this is the second time asma has been racially attacked in three years .     her mother suffers from bells palsy and finds it hard to leave the house .
queensland woman roxy walsh found an inscribed gold ring in bali .     the sentimental jewellery piece was found in the ocean while snorkelling .     ms walsh has launched a campaign to return the ring to the people who own it , hoped to be `` joe '' or `` jenny '' according to inscription .     facebook post has already been shared by more than 23 thousand people .
wa police have come under fire for allegedly accessing ben cousin 's files .     ` hundreds ' of officers are said to have unlawfully accessed the documents .     police also reportedly looked at the files of former afl player daniel keer .     acting commissioner of west australian police , stephen brown confirmed there was an internal investigation underway .     would not comment on the identity of those whose files were accessed .
the boxer shared the images on snapchat while driving his car in the u.s.     came as he was travelling in the city of fremont close to san francisco .     under californian law , it is illegal to use a mobile phone while driving .
floyd mayweather jr and manny pacquiao 's fight will be the richest ever .     sportsmail 's jeff powell is counting down the ring 's most significant fights .     joe louis ' 1938 re-match with max schmeling is the second in the series .
former prime minister says nicola sturgeon 's answers are ` all evasion '     but that her party want ` constitutional crisis ' to force another referendum .     warned voters on may 7 will decide scotland 's future for next few years .     mr brown urged people to vote labour to end bedroom tax , food bank poverty , zero-hours contracts and the neglect of the nhs .
victor agbafe , 17 , is currently attending cape fear academy in wilmington .     he plans to double major in microbiology with government or economics .     smart young man faces tough choice after being accepted into 14 colleges .     he credits his mother , a nigerian immigrant and physician , for his success .     will make decision this month and he hopes to become a neurosurgeon .
lucy and lydia star in beauty campaign for fake tan brand sunkissed .     both say it was ` really lovely ' to work together on the shoot .     lucy says she loves the waist she works hard to achieve .     admits she is jealous of her teen sister 's long legs .
mamadou sakho will miss monday night football clash for liverpool .     emre can could replace defender after completing suspension .     daryl janmaat fit for newcastle united after warm-up scare at sunderland .     fabricio coloccini will complete his three-match ban for the toon .
very few manchester united players possess the intelligence demanded .     michael carrick , wayne rooney and juan mata can claim to have it .     the dutchman suggested some of his other players lack brains .     luke shaw was n't fit enough when he arrived last summer .     phil jones thunders senselessly into tackles and gets injured .     even ander herrera is guilty of playing senseless long balls .     durham : arsenal only turn it on when the pressure is off .     adrian durham : sterling would be earning the same as balotelli if he signed # 100,000-a-week deal at liverpool ... that 's the real issue here .     click here for all the latest manchester united news .
experience berlin for # 14 , south africa for # 21 and abu dhabi for just # 29 .     new concept of ` the holiday ' is brainchild of park inn by radisson .     programme will post your actions ` on holiday ' to social networks .
flamur ukshini , 23 , from kosovo , is the doppelgänger of zayn malik .     the university student 's likeness has got him 40,000 instagram followers .     he tells femail that he is often asked for photos in the street .
nasa chief scientist ellen stofan believes we 're close to finding alien life .     indications within a decade ; definitive evidence within `` 20 to 30 years , '' she said .     finding water on other celestial bodies is key to determination .
tony morris qc is mounting landmark legal challenge in queensland .     his blue volvo was caught doing 57km/h in a 50km/h zone last year .     he says he was n't behind the wheel but wo n't the name person who was .     he has invoked a spousal privilege case from 1817 .     it means a husband ca n't be compelled to incriminate his wife .
lorna mccarthy was fatally stabbed through the heart last september .     ex-husband barry mccarthy attacked her in the norfolk home they shared .     mrs mccarthy had previously sent texts saying she feared for her life .     mccarthy , 51 , was found guilty of murder at norwich crown court today .
doug hughes , 61 , said the point was to present solutions to corruption .     hughes mentioned the idea a couple of years ago , his friend says .     hughes had a son who committed suicide , report says .
andrew cole revealed he went out for dinner on saturday with four of his former manchester united team-mates .     cole was joined by ryan giggs , paul scholes , gary neville and nicky butt .     manchester united fell to a 1-0 defeat by premier league leaders chelsea .
insurers often check accounts of those burgled while they were away .     can refuse to pay if people advertised the fact that they would be out .     association of british insurers advises being careful with gets posted .
officers arrested jason rezaian and his wife in july on unspecified allegations .     it took months to charge him ; charges were made public last week .     the washington post and the state department find the charges `` absurd ''
tiger woods , back in august , georgia , after missing the masters last year following surgery hopes to pull of a stunning return to greatness .     his girlfriend vonn managed to come back after surgery that followed a devastating knee injury and win her 18th world cup , a women 's record .
jack jordan proposed to girlfriend laura cant while suffering leukaemia .     pair planned to marry after mr jordan received a bone marrow transplant .     last week he was told he was too ill to have surgery and has weeks to live .     couple have now brought forward the wedding and will marry in hospital .
death toll in nepal climbs above 4,600 , officials say , with more than 9,000 injured .     shattered villages near epicenter are hard to reach , says aid worker in the area .     more bad weather is forecast for the region in the coming days .
the 28 minute pornographic film was shot at epping ongar historic railway .     a popular location for family days out , parents are outraged by decision .     in the video a woman , dressed as a school girl , has sex in a wood carriage .     managers have apologised for the filming and for any offence caused .
harper beckham and north west have both attended fashion week shows .     harper attends with father david and brothers to support victoria 's shows .     north made headlines throwing tantrum while seated next to anna wintour .     roxy jacenko 's three-year-old daughter attended two mbfwa shows .
mesut ozil missed three months because of injury this season .     the german has returned in better form , and says injury helped him .     ozil worked on his strength , and still does extra sessions after training .
the reporter , 43 , had been admitted to hospital for the fourth time this year relating to the sexual assault she suffered in 2011 .     she is now back home and recovering .     logan was previously diagnosed with digestive disease diverticulitis , possibly aggravated by stress , and hospitalized in february .     last year , the married mother-of-two was quarantined in south africa after reporting from the ebola hot zone in liberia .
arrests made sunday after investigation into youths traveling to join isis .     details are scarce but authorities said there is no threat to public safety .     three men arrested in the twin cities were already known to authorities .     reportedly rode bus to nyc with hamza ahmed and tried flying to istanbul .     19-year-old charged with lying to fbi and trying to provide support to isis .     the us attorney 's office and the fbi will hold a news conference monday .
group released in northern iraq made up of 40 children , women and elderly .     were piled onto a minibus that then drove them to peshmerga positions .     prisoners spent nearly a year in isis captivity , kurdish military has said .     no explanation has been given as to why the 216 yazidis were released .
rafael benitez has dismissed speculation linking him to manchester city .     the former chelsea and liverpool manager is being touted as a potential successor for under-pressure city boss manuel pellegrini .     benitez insists he is fully focused on his job at napoli .     he won the coppa italia last season and has led napoli to brink of the europa league semi-finals this term .
quinn patrick stands over the fish while on a trip with his dad .     bowfin propels itself from ground and slaps him in the face .     makes a noise not dissimilar to a sound effect used in cartoons .     youngster stumbles backwards but takes the hit remarkably well .
gertrude weaver , 116 , of camden , arkansas , became the world 's oldest person on wednesday following the death of a lady in japan .     she attributes her longevity to treating others well and exercising three times a week in her wheelchair .     gertrude would like to meet the president at her birthday party on 4 july because she has voted for him twice .     she was born in arkansas near the texas border in 1898 and worked as a domestic helper .
leicester defender matthew upson will miss out against former club .     dean hammond and jeff schlupp to be given fitness tests by foxes .     winston reid returns from hamstring injury for west ham united .     hammers without enner valencia who is back in training .     andy carroll , james tomkins and doneil henry also missing for west ham .
off-duty member of the uniformed division of secret service arrested friday .     police said he was charged with trying to break into a woman 's residence .
mchenry , 28 , berated single mother gina michelle for towing her car .     she insulted her looks and social status in footage that went viral .     espn suspended the sports reporter for a week amid investigation .     but despite thousands of calls for her to be fired , she returned this week .     covered nhl game between new york islanders and washington capitals .
gloucester take on edinburgh in european challenge cup final on friday .     jonny may will start for the premiership club at the stoop .     may hopes impressing against edinburgh can help an england recall .
#thisdoesn ` tmeanyes captured images of 200 women across london .     it aims to stamp out the myth that women are to blame for rape .     they have asked women to share their own photos using the hashtag .
summer robertson , 21 , drowned after being overcome by strong waves .     she had been completing a 10-week volunteering course in south africa .     four months on , her parents sarah and john have paid tribute to her .     they say they take great comfort knowing she died doing something she loved .
mike holpin , from ebbw vale in monmouthshire , has at least 40 children .     he has three ps4s , three widescreen tvs and more than 200 # 50 games .     16 of children taken into care ` because of my drinking and womanising '     but 56-year-old wants more because he ` ca n't live without them '     ` in the bible , god says go forth and multiply . i 'm doing what god wants '
itv meteorologist lucy verasamy visited le manoir aux quat ` saisons .     cooking lessons and luxury awaited at raymond blanc 's manor house .     tried the seven-course taster menu at the two michelin-starred restaurant .     the day-long food , body , mind course combined nutrition and recipes .
welsh wizard gareth bale opened the scoring in sunday 's stunning win .     real madrid put nine goals past granada to keep pressure on barcelona .     bale treated himself to a bbq in the spanish sun following victory .     cristiano ronaldo scored five goals in the sensational team performance .
the posters feature a portrait of clinton with phrases including ` do n't say ambitious ' and ` do n't say entitled '     street art appears to be a dig at clinton supporters who said words like ` entitled ' and ` secretive ' which are used to describe her , are sexist .     on sunday , anti-hillary clinton users shared on twitter reasons why they will not vote for her using the hashtag that began trending online .
robbie savage posted the snap on his twitter showing his weight loss .     the pundit has been labeled as ` podgy ' previously by some people .     sportsmail 's laura williamson once described savage as ` marmite '
michelle woods told by her daughter of ` something moving ' in the bath .     went to check and found a four-foot orange corn snake slithering around .     panicking she posted an appeal on facebook for help to rescue the reptile .     believes her home 's previous tenant kept snakes as pets and may have lost it moving out .
the young boy holds a tiny blue and yellow toy fishing rod .     he crouches by the side of the water and reels in the catch .     before plucking it from the lake and holding it to the camera .     shot in thailand , the video appears to show a nile tilapia fish .
russian scientist says distant ancestor of humans had tentacles .     they lived more than 540 million years ago and used them for food .     it 's likely they also had a complex nervous system like we do today .     challenges another theory that says our ancestors were more worm-like .
lauren halliday and steven smith were evacuated from randolph hotel .     came as huge fire broke out at the 119-bedroom establishment in oxford .     couple feared they 'd have to get married in jeans but ceremony went ahead .
western gray whales were tagged seven years ago to monitor migration .     the then nine-year-old female called varvara swam from russia to breeding grounds near mexico during five-and-a-half months in 2011 .     gray whales typically do n't feed during migration , which has led researchers to believe she did n't eat during the long journey .     previous record was held by a humpback who swam 11,706 miles in 2011 .
ukip leader said foreigners with hiv should not be treated on the nhs .     mr farage had planned to mention foreign patients suffering from tb .     he chose hiv after discovering nhs drugs to treat disease more expensive .
the knightsbridge flat is located in the same building where hollywood star ava gardner spent her last years .     it is based in historic ennismore gardens which were built in 1870 as part of the redevelopment of kingston house .     the spacious home which boasts five bedrooms has been put up for rent at # 10,500 a week - or # 546,000 a year .
let toys be toys highlighted some of today 's ` sexist ' toys .     started hashtag #notanaprilfools on april 1 sharing pictures online .     toys include cookery books with separate foods for boys and girls .     babygro for girls reads ' i hate my thighs ' - the boys ' one says ` i 'm super '
it 's a decade to the day that bali nine pair were arrested for drug smuggling .     friday also marks 34th birthday of sukumaran who will spend behind bars .     his cousin has organised exhibition of his paintings in london .     sukumaran and chan 's fate rests with a court that that has previously recommended an option of a life sentence for reformed inmates .
the 1961 ferrari 250 gt swb california spider is regarded by many as the most beautiful convertible ever made .     it is the same model that was famously crashed into a ravine in the 80s cult classic film ferris bueller 's day off .     convertible - which does 0-60mph in less than 7 seconds - is going to auction and is expected to reach # 10million .
ronda blaylock was just 14 years old in 1980 when she was found stabbed to death and brutally assaulted .     this after she and a friend had taken a ride home from a man after school in rural hall , north carolina .     town is some wholesome it was used as a model for mayberry in ` the andy griffith show '     her friend was dropped off but ronda was never seen again .     the man , now likely in his late fifties , has never been found .     now police say that new dna evidence as well as testimony from key witnesses has them close to solving the case .     surry county sheriff graham atkinson said in a press conference on monday the man still lives in the area and they are close to finding him .
the film is expected to gross $ 115 million or more .     paul walker died in a car crash during filming .     `` furious 7 '' poised to nab the biggest opening of 2015 so far .
video emerged showing two french tourists torching a quokka .     footage sees men laugh after igniting the creature with aerosol and lighter .     the men were given the choice of paying $ 4000 or spending a week in jail .     the pair were released from jail on thursday after choosing the latter .     the stay cost taxpayers $ 1810 a day despite them having $ 12,000 savings .     animal rights activists have said that the punishment was too lenient .
boy , five , pelts police with stones as palestinian protesters clash with israeli police on the northern west bank .     violence erupted after more than 100 demonstrators took part in a rally to mark palestinian prisoners day .     israel has arrested around 800,000 palestinians in the occupied territories since 1967 with 6,000 currently being held .
lewis hamilton extended his lead in the formula one championship with yet another flawless victory this season .     the british driver secured first place ahead of kimi raikkonen and nico rosberg who finished second and third .     hamilton has now set a personal best record of finishing in the points for 11 consecutive grands prix .     he has 36 career wins , with 21 of those from pole position to open up a 27-point gap over team-mate rosberg .
louis smith , mbe , admits he has a habit for posting saucy topless selfies .     the athlete says he works hard for his body and wants to show it off .     is he closing in on ` queen of the belfie ' kim kardashian ?
james moody , 24 , officer on the titanic , died helping passengers escape .     brother christopher wrote to ship 's owners asking for body to be returned .     was sent a reply asking for # 20 , or # 2,000 in today 's money , to comply .     instead bosses offered brother a picture of his headstone overseas .
premier league footballers are voting for pfa players ' player of the year .     eden hazard and harry kane are the leading candidates for the award .     sergio aguero , alexis sanchez and david de gea are also contenders .     luis suarez won last year with gareth bale taking the prize the year before .
researchers subjected two lithium-ion batteries to external heat .     they used thermal imaging to see what happened inside each cell .     copper inside one cell reached temperatures of at least 1,085 °c -lrb- 1,985 °f -rrb- .     the heat also caused molten material to stream from the battery 's vent .
selena quintanilla-perez will be re-created as hologram-like figure .     the tejano singer is first to be part of a new technology , says sister .     selena was killed 20 years ago but remains hugely popular .
little catalina from america was filmed emptying out the contents of the kitchen cupboards at home .     but when her father tells her to clean up her mess , she vehemently refuses with a heated - and rather cute - argument ensuing .
making calls and using the internet abroad results in very large bills .     with three 's feel at home lets visitors use their phones at no extra cost .     it covers 18 countries including 10 in europe .
charlotte blakeway was found dead in the bath at her home in shropshire .     the 17-year-old student had suffered an epileptic seizure in the bathroom .     her friends have spoken of their shock at her death and paid tribute to her .
borussia dortmund host bayern munich on saturday at signal iduna park .     teams contest germany 's biggest domestic game , der klassiker .     but little is riding on it with bayern munich cruising to bundesliga title .     dortmund hope home win will keep them in shout of europa league spot .
social media largely supports jenner .     more people seemed intrigued that he 's a republican .
fifa have been investigating games from the run-up to 2010 world cup .     south african national team games under suspicion since 2011 .     players not suspected of wrong-doing , but referees implicated .
new report says molalla log cabin could have been built as early as 1795 .     lewis and clark reached the pacific ocean in 1805 .     the construction of the log cabin is not representative of pioneer building methods at the time - suggesting it was made by foreigners .     report 's authors propose the cabin could have been used by russian settlers farming in the area to support fur traders in alaska .
kelvin day , from surrey , has played a handful of events on web.com tour .     he entered the qualifying for the houston open and finished tied first .     he then made the cut and is now three shots off the lead .     victory for day would earn him a place in the masters field .
philippe coutinho scored in the 70th minute for liverpool at ewood park .     the brazilian found the bottom corner of simon eastwood 's goal in fa cup quarter-final replay .     the first tie between the two sides at anfield last month ended in a goalless draw .     liverpool to face aston villa in semi-final at wembley on sunday , april 19 .
when spain first became a real power , their own fans did n't know at first .     the european champions won three trophies on the spin , but need a reboot .     likes of xavi , carles puyol , david villa and fernando torres can hand over .     juan bernat 's champions league performance signalled part of the new era .     spain still have a golden harvest to bring in from the country 's youth .     former under 21 coach julen lopetegui downed bayern munich this week .     almost all of their former youth side are playing in european competitions .
mark selby plays kurt maflin in first round of the world championnship .     selby is the defending champion but no first-time winner has retained it .     jimmy white told sportsmail maflin can beat anyone on his day .
a 1,000 ft stretch of land rose up above sea level on japanese island .     the 100ft wide mass on hokkaido is now some 30 to 50ft above sea level .     it is believed to have been forced to the surface by a landslide nearby .
the raiders stripped off before entering the esso station in caterham .     police have released cctv images of two of the three would-be raiders .     the men escaped with one staff member 's mobile phone but no cash .     a third man has been arrested and is on police bail following the incident .
adrien broner posted a video of a facetime conversation with amir khan .     the american has made it clear he wants to fight the briton next .     khan said on twitter that he had given his word to his next opponent .     kell brook is another possible opponent but khan wants to wait .
chelsea can secure the league title if they beat arsenal and leicester .     jose mourinho and arsene wenger have had a decade of touchline battles .     mourinho has hit back at wenger 's ` defensive ' jibes ahead of sunday .     he said : ` if it was easy , you would n't lose 3-1 at home to monaco '
a. alfred taubman , the self-made michigan billionaire died on friday night at his home of a heart attack .     taubman 's business success spanned from real estate and art houses to the hot dog-serving a&w restaurant chain .     waubman was convicted in 2001 of conspiring with the former chairman of christie 's to fix the commissions the auction giants charged at sotheby 's .     taubman was fined $ 7.5 million and spent about a year in a low-security prison in rochester , minnesota , but long insisted he was innocent .
nephew of jfk , and son for former attorney general , opposes vaccines .     he believes a chemical called thimerosal causes autism in children .     promoting protest film , he likened vaccinated kids to holocaust victims .     on monday , he apologized for the comment after widespread criticism .
brief clash occurred near amber mountain national park in madagascar .     footage shows the pair sizing each other up before one strikes .     the more aggressive of the two takes a huge bite out of his foe .     defeated chameleon wriggles free and then tries to escape along a wall .
mr justice popplewell says he has no reason to believe fire was n't accident .     the former judge led the inquiry into the blaze at the bradford city ground .     comes after survivor of blaze says tragedy might not have been accident .     author martin fletcher says his findings warrant further investigation .
south korea has paid marvel to ensure country is shown in positive light .     much of the new avengers film , released on thursday , was shot in seoul .     culture ministry paid # 2.4 m to cover a third of the filming costs in the city .     the government wants seoul to be portrayed as ` high tech ' and ` modern '
moutassem yazbek describes harrowing 12-day journey from turkey to italy .     yazbek , a syrian refugee , paid a smuggler $ 6,500 to get him to italy in december .
tracey neville is coach of manchester thunder netball team .     gary neville , phil neville and paul scholes appear in video to promote team .     manchester united legends throw a netball and click along to music .     england 's women 's footballers and coronation street stars also join in .
los angeles is one of world 's busiest , yet receives negative comments .     hurghada airport in the heat of egypt , yet no air-conditioning on departure .     laguardia in new york described as the ` most frustrating ' airport .     customers complain everything at luton airport is chargeable .
two-year-old matheryn naovaratpong , from thailand , died in january .     had battled a very rare brain cancer that affects very young children .     her brain and body have been frozen by arizona-based firm alcor .     family hopes body can be used for research - or she can one day live again .
lewis hamilton roared to victory in bahrain to extend his lead in title race .     it marked the world champion 's third victory from four races this season .     he was interviewed on the podium by the legendary sir jackie stewart .     and hamilton could do worse than learn a few things from the great scot .
chris greenwood travelled with his family to argeles-sur-mer , france .     it offers water slides and a heated pool with a retractable roof .     port of collioure , located nearby , has a beach perfect for swimming .
danny welbeck faces fitness test for arsenal following england duty .     gunners are without alex oxlade-chamberlain due to hamstring complaint .     daniel sturridge & adam lallana may be fit after pulling out england squad .     dejan lovren set to replace suspended martin skrtel in defence .     steven gerrard also ruled out following red card vsmanchester united .
actor bought blackadore caye , an unpopulated , private 104-acre belizean island , in 2005 for $ 1.75 million .     he announced friday he is now building a luxury eco-resort there to open in 2018 .     the resort will have villas over the water , artificial reefs with ` fish shelters ' and a nursery growing marine grass .     dicaprio plans to rehabilitate the area , which has been over-fished and suffers from sand erosion .     he is working with the nyc developers delos to build 68 resort villas and 48 private house .     they will cost between $ 5 million and $ 15 million each .
patrick cherry will appear on nbc new york on friday night to apologize .     he has been stripped of his badge , will be placed on desk duty before being transferred out of the nypd 's joint terrorism task force division .     cherry was investigated by the civilian complaint review board after an uber passenger recorded meltdown .     ` no good cop should watch that video without a wince , ' nypd police chief bill bratton said at a press conference wednesday .     cherry was reportedly on his way back from visiting a colleague in hospital .     the uber driver ` honked ' at cherry as he pulled into a parking space without signalling .
walter smith spent two spells in charge at ibrox as manager of rangers .     stuart mccall was appointed rangers manager in march until the summer .     rangers are currently fifth in the scottish championship .     smith hails mccall impact and opens up about ally mccoist 's departure .
authorities have said an underground electrical fire is blamed for an explosion that sent a manhole cover flying more than 200 feet .     the fire began around 11:30 a.m. sunday on tupper street in downtown buffalo , new york .     police evacuated two buildings as smoke came out of manholes .     a photojournalist was interviewing a man on the street when the second blast occurred about a half-block behind him and the manhole flew up .
chrystie crownover told gma that bruce revealed his ` true self ' the year they were married in 1972 .     chrystie told gma that she has kept his secret for the past 43-years .     revealed she was shocked at first but was pleased he told her and ` never felt threatened '     told gma that she watched friday 's diane sawyer interview with bruce .     the olympic champion and chrystie have two children together and are grandparents .
the queen 's granddaughter had been set to make her kentucky debut .     but high kingdom suffered injury in stables and had to withdraw .     zara phillips still hopeful the horse can competed at badminton .
roger is an alpha male at the alice springs kangaroo sanctuary in the nt .     he was gifted the new stuffed toy bunny by a fan and grew attached to it .     manager chris barnes said he tried to take it off roger and was attacked .     mr barnes adopted kangaroo after finding its mother dead on a highway .
the posters were hung around youngstown state university this week .     posters promoted event as a time to not highlight sexual orientation or differences among students .     student government leaders believe the posters were satire , but still worked with university officials to get the posters removed .     though they were posted anonymously , officials are investigating possible student code violations and disciplinary action may follow .
the university of kentucky wildcats were kicked out of the ncaa tournament saturday night after a loss to wisconsin .     at a press conference following the game , a reporter asked another uk player about wisconsin 's frank kaminsky .     harrison covered his mouth and said ` f *** that n **** ' referring to kaminsky , and the microphone picked up the slur .     in a series of tweets on sunday , harrison apologized for the statement .     kaminsky has said that ` nothing needs to be made out of ' the situation .
lewis hamilton led every lap after clinching pole position to seal his second victory of the campaign .     nico rosberg was second for mercedes with the ferrari of sebastian vettel completing the podium .     hamilton seals the 36th victory of his grand prix career to extend his lead at the top of the standings .     kimi raikkonen finished fourth for ferrari with the williams drivers of felipe massa and valtteri bottas 5th and 6th .     jenson button was involved in a collision with the lotus driver of pastor maldonado late on in the race .
salty dog 502 trailed omega air refuelling 707 tanker from a mile off .     it used optical sensors and a camera to monitor approach to 20 feet .     it then plugged its refuelling probe into hose of the omega air kc-707 .     drone is size of an f/a -18 super hornet and weighs 44,000 lb -lrb- 20,000 kg -rrb- .
barcelona , bayern munich , juventus and real madrid make up last four .     real madrid looking for their 11th title and to retain their crown .     barcelona have won three champions leagues since 2006 .     the two spanish giants have never met in the champions league final .     their meetings this season have resulted in one win apiece .     who will win the champions league ? our reporters have their say .     cristiano ronaldo , lionel messi and luiz adriano battle to be top scorer .
khalid saeed batarfi was freed from a yemeni prison by al-qaeda this week .     terrorist commander was today pictured inside mukalla governor 's palace .     he was seen pretending to be on the telephone as he wielded an ak-47 .     batarfi led extremists in battle with government forces before he was jailed .
michelle manhart , 38 , was handcuffed at valdosta state university , georgia .     former usaf training sergeant took flag from campus protesters on friday .     police arrested her for not giving it back because of how it was treated .     manhart posed for raunchy military-themed playboy spread in 2007 .     was demoted from her sergeant rank , and later left the military .
zella jackson price of olivette , missiouri , gave birth to her baby 49 years ago .     after she was told her baby had died , the baby , now named melanie gilmore , was adopted to another family for an unknown reason .     price , 76 , and gilmore , 49 , confirmed they were related through a dna test .     they both appear to be overwhelmed with emotion during reunion .     soon they will begin an investigation into the hospital to see what happened .
bruno smartcan is world 's first internet connected vacuum and rubbish bin .     it uses sensors to detect when dust is brushed close to it and sucks it up .     motion sensors open the lid automatically and can send alerts to your phone to remind you when the trash needs to be taken out .
jonathan crombie died of a brain hemorrhage on wednesday in new york .     he played gilbert blythe in the anne of green gables films .     the toronto actor went on to star in the drowsy chaperone on broadway .
johnny manziel has been released from rehab after entering a facility on january 28 .     this after manziel 's partying had been a topic of conversation since his rookie season began last july , with some worried his drinking was a priority .     the heisman trophy winner had a lackluster rookie year where he saw little playing time and just two starts .     he is now set to begin offseason workouts with the cleveland browns on april 20 .     manziel will be forced to compete with josh mccown for the starting quarterback position , who just signed a $ 14 million contract with the team .
jared mccarroll head chef at m restaurant and grill shares his expertise .     the more fat your steak contains the more juicy it will be after cooking .     look for thickness rather than weight when choosing which steak to buy .
brenda finn was diagnosed with alopecia at 14 and lost all her hair .     she is now calling for medical tattooing to be made available on the nhs .     claims the # 300 procedure would have saved her years of anxiety , depression and low self-esteem after condition left a target for bullies .     argues it would save the nhs money with alopecia patients who are reliant on expensive therapy or antidepressants .
cloud appeared in central china 's hunan province last friday .     a university student snapped the moment on his way to the library .     picture has sparked tongue-in-cheek debate on mother nature 's password .
anais zanotti , 30 , has completed 1,350 freestyle skydives .     french model moved to miami to pose for international magazines .     is also a pro skydiver who teaches other adrenaline junkies how to jump .
stan freberg was famed comedian , song parodist .     he later became adman , did a number of outrageous commercials .     `` weird al '' yankovic : '' a legend , an inspiration , and a friend ''
english photographer john chapple has traveled all over the world - and along the way created stunning panoramic images using a film camera .     chapple , originally from north devon , first worked as a news and show business photographer before he got into landscape photography .     he has captured grassy fields in england , major us cities , and sandy beaches in australia .     chapple often takes landscapes with a linhof technorama 617s iii camera .
liverpool have made contact with dortmund over fee for ciro immobile .     liverpool 's lack of champions league football may hamper thier plans .     man city need homegrown players and qpr 's alex mccarthy could fit bill .     west ham have revived interest in sampdoria midfielder pedro obiang .     chelsea have checked on standard liege left-back damien dussaut .
towie 's jake hall scored on first touch in boston 's 2-0 win over tamworth .     his towie on-screen girlfriend chloe lewis watched from the stands .     co-star james ` arg ' argent tries to climb over barrier to celebrate with him .     semi-pro footballer hall rejoined lincolnshire club last week .     hall recently denied rumours of relationship with actress lindsay lohan .
bali nine ringleader andrew chan has married fiance febyanti herewila .     the pair wed at besi prison on nusakambangan island on monday .     chan proposed to febyanti in february while he was still at kerobokan .     he and myuran sukumaran are set to be executed on wednesday morning .
gael monfils beat roger federer 6-4 , 7-6 at the monte carlo masters .     the frenchman showed how good he can be in thrilling last-16 win .     monfils now faces grigor dimitrov in the quarter-finals in monaco .
javier hernandez scored the winner in the champions league quarter-final against atletico madrid .     real madrid still unlikely to take up option to sign manchester united star .     mexico international has attracted interest from dinamo moscow , lazio , everton , newcastle , west ham and stoke .
dad barles charkley , based in maryland , shot the video .     it shows his daughter watching disney 's 1994 hit for the first time .     toddler visibly distraught when mufasa is killed and simba left fatherless .
hull 's chief scout stan ternent has watched maciej rybus in russia .     rybus is a poland international and plays for terek grozny .     premier league rivals leicester and swansea are also interested .     the 25-year-old has one year left on contract and has # 3.2 m release clause .
celtic travelled to the united states , austria and germany last pre-season .     the scottish club were then beaten in the champions league by legia .
india has launched a massive aid mission to its earthquake-hit neighbor nepal .     disaster relief troops and tons of food , water and medicine have been flown in .
pope is presiding over torchlight procession in front of the colosseum .     he used way of the cross service to highlight persecution of christians .     pope francis delivered maundy thursday mass at rebibbia prison .     afterwards pontiff offered to kiss the feet of 12 of the jail 's inmates .
kurt ludwigsen fired by nyack college in march after allegations surfaced .     police say he kissed , fondled and was inappropriate towards 13 players .     ludwigsen charged with forcible touching , harassment and sexual abuse .     the 43-year-old father of two is being held on $ 15,000 bail after arrest .     would have been coach 's first season at nyack , a christian school in ny .     ludwigsen , a career softball coach , lives in ridgewood , new jersey .
26-year-old atlanta woman uses a mason jar as a trash can .     she has produced about as much waste in six months as an average person does in less than a day .     she strives to live a ` zero waste ' lifestyle .
america has the highest incarceration rate in the world , holding 25 % of the world 's prisoners .     evan feinberg : we must change the dismal status quo with specific solutions .
australian plus size model laura wells releases eco-friendly swimwear .     the swim range goes up to size 24 and is 100 per cent recyclable material .     the prints australian ocean inspired designs and coral reef colours .     the swimwear is a collaboration with us brand swim sexy .
lane smith died after falling and hitting his head in july 2014 - just a few weeks before his girlfriend , sierra sharry , gave birth to their son , taos .     when taos turned six-months-old , sharry asked a local photographer , kayli henley , to make their family complete .     the photographer added an image of smith to one of their photos .     ` this is how i picture us , ' sharry said . ` taos and i living our lives the best we can with lane always watching over our shoulder '     the image has been shared thousands of times online and henley has been inundated with similar requests from other people .
rural practice in north wales left with one gp to care for 4,300 patients .     dr afron williams is the sole doctor after his two partners retired .     he warns the nhs is at ` breaking point ' adding that it will be ` incredibly difficult to provide realistic , safe service for our patients '     health board said recruiting gps is a national problem but said they are exploring both short and long term options to relieve the pressure .
aaron lennon opened the scoring for the visitors with his second goal in three games for the visiting side .     but jonjo shelvey converted from the spot in the second half after seamus coleman handled in the penalty area .     shelvey had a goal ruled out by referee michael oliver after leighton baines was adjudged to have been fouled .     the 1-1 draw leaves swansea eighth in the premier league table with roberto martinez 's men sitting in 12th .
black mass is set to be released in september 2015 .
survivor jeff bauman stresses `` we will never replace the lives that were lost ''     a man who was at the finish line is glad dzhokhar tsarnaev is now a `` convicted killer ''     `` justice has been served today , '' says a once wounded police officer .
stephanie coontz : indiana , arkansas governors caught off guard by outrage , boycotts over anti-lgbt law .     she says religious conservatives who discriminate no longer hold sway in a culture comfortable with diversity , including same-sex marriage .
chris roberts of one world labs grabbed after plane landed in syracuse .     two fbi agents spent four hours questioning him about cyberhacking .     agents confiscated electronic devices and computer files from roberts .     he flew in to give talk at aerospace conference about plane vulnerabilities .     roberts featured on fox news ' on the record with greta van susteren .     regarded as one of the world 's top experts on counter-threat intelligence .
presenter sue perkins was favourite to replace jeremy clarkson on top gear .     the great british bake off star has since received death threats on twitter .     perkins , 45 , wrote : ` someone suggested they 'd like to see me burn to death '     announced she 's leaving social media site and received support from fans .
comedian dave hughes called derryn hinch a ` w ** ker ' on monday 's q&a .     the pair were speaking about the binge drinking culture in australia .     radio broadcaster hinch said he drank because he liked ` the taste of wine '     this was met with hughes replying : ` that 's because you 're a w ** ker '     hinch retorted with : ` it takes one to know one '     hughes said he stands by his comments made on monday night .
customers can have a picnic basket delivered after ordering online .     paris picnics packs all the specialties , including french bread and wine .     more expensive menu options include macarons and foie gras .
kim ki-jong , 55 , was indicted on charges of attempted murder for allegedly slashing u.s. ambassador mark lippert with a razor at a breakfast forum .     prosecutors have also been investigating whether kim violated a controversial law that bans praise or assistance for north korea .     activist kim blames the presence of 28,500 u.s. troops in the south as a deterrent to the north for the continuing split of the korean peninsula .
gareth bale has been linked with a summer move to manchester united .     the wales forward has been criticised by real madrid fans this season .     united want bale but he has no desire to cut short his time in spain .     a swap deal involving united keeper david de gea has been mooted .     real are interested in bringing de gea to spain to replace iker casillas .
filmmakers said they plan to use the latest ultra hd camera technology .     eight-part series will take four years to make , will debut on netflix in 2019 .     will focus on the earth 's last wilderness areas and the animals living there .
residents in two exclusive chelsea streets complained of a rancid smell .     thames water investigated and discovered a 10 tonne fatberg in the sewer .     the sewer which is 40 metres long was made up of fat and used wet wipes .     a # 400,000 repair is being carried out to rectify the damage underground .
book by robert streeter and robert hoehn republished from 1930s .     originally designed to discover clever people by posing hard questions .
christopher annan , 24 , and tyrone wright , 20 , jailed for attempted murder .     took part in gun attack on tottenham turks gang member inan eren , 35 .     he was shot three times in the arm , stomach and buttock but still survived .     brutal attack was led by hitman jamie marsh-smith , 23 , nicknamed ` freddy '     he was jailed for 38 years for the shooting , the murder of eren 's cousin and crime boss zafer eren and a botched attempt to kill his own getaway driver .
vincent kompany says beating manchester united can ` rectify ' the season .     manchester city were beaten 2-1 away to in-form crystal palace .     kompany reckons that being underdogs suits his side at old trafford .     read : sportsmail identifies five problems that need sorting at the etihad .     click here for all the latest manchester city news .
` retrosweat ' aerobics classes allow attendees to ` forget 2015 for an hour '     classes dress up in skimpy leotards and work up a sweat to eighties hits .     classes currently run in sydney 's alexandria and surry hills .     founder shannon dooley also offers ` dial-a-sweat ' class for hens parties .
django greenblatt-seay , 33 , thought the ad would help his post stand out and ` add a little flair to it '     commercial includes cinematic overhead shots greenblatt-seay filmed using his drone .     it is soundtracked with an old-fashioned 1987 ford taurus commercial and dubbed by greenblatt-seay to make the information relevant .
naughty boy has come under fire after posting zayn malik 's music .     the hit producer has been blamed for him leaving one direction .     but he is one of the biggest hit makers in the world .     he has previously worked with the likes of cheryl cole and leona lewis .     the 30-year-old launched his career after going on deal or no deal .     he won # 44,000 in 2005 on the tv show hosted by noel edmonds .
david cameron grilled by young voters on bbc radio 1 's live lounge .     host chris smith accused of taking hostile stance towards tory leader .     audience often interrupted prime minister as he answered questions .     listeners called interview ` disgusting ' and accused bbc of left-wing bias .
angela merkel has challenged cameron to accept more asylum seekers .     she said a new eu system was needed based on countries ' economies .     it comes as europe reacts to several boat tragedies in the mediterranean .
qasr al-farid or ` the lonely castle ' has been standing strong since the first century ad .     the single-rock tomb is incomplete and abandoned , but fascinatingly reveals structures were carved from top down .     the striking castle is one of 131 tombs from the nabatean kingdom , located in the al-ula sector .
pope calls mass murder of armenians ` first genocide of the 20th century '     the 1915 killings saw 1.5 m armenians slaughtered by ottoman turks .     turkey said pope francis ' comments had caused a ` problem of trust '     turkey denies killings were genocide , saying both sides suffered loss .
bus carrying 40 players and staff back from away game was attacked .     fenerbahce want turkish championship halted while matter is resolved .     the bus driver was wounded in the attack and taken to hospital .
singer reveals it took her eight months to get diagnosed properly .     doctors told her she was crazy and that her ailment did not exist .     when she was finally diagnosed she learned she had lyme disease .     has ` no idea ' where she got the tick bite which must have been attached for 36 hours in order to transfer the disease .     same condition that has left real housewives star yolanda foster unable to read , write or watch tv .
giant pig fell into the swimming pool at his home in ringwood , hampshire .     it took the efforts of a team of firefighters to winch him out of the water .     a wayward horse also had to be rescued from a swimming pool in sussex .
a handful of current and former female cia employees spoke out to the new york times about the portrayal of women in the agency .     they take issue with characters like homeland 's carrie mathison and state of affairs ' charlie tucker who act as honey-pots to thwart terrorist plots .     ` it can leave a very distinct understanding of women at the agency that is pretty off , ' longtime cia analyst gina bennett said .
manny pacquiao fights floyd mayweather in las vegas on may 2 .     pacquiao shared a picture of a range of t-shirts marking the fight .     the filipino boxer is looking to inflict mayweather 's first defeat upon him .
philippines voiced alarm about chinese ` aggressiveness ' in the south china sea ahead of war games with the us .     president benigno aquino set to ask southeast asian leaders to issue collective denouncement of china 's activities .     the aerial images show recent chinese construction over seven reefs and shoals in the spratly archipelago .     ` concern is that the installations will give the chinese the ability to project force much better ' - rusi expert .
publicity surrounding case has prompted 30 people to contact police .     revealed dossier on lord janner was among files lost by home office .     dpp alison saunders has told critics to challenge her ruling in court .     also said that her decision is ` the right one ' and will not change .
dave brockie , 50 , was found dead on march 23 , 2014 , at his richmond , virginia home .     medical examiner ruled brockie died of accidental acute heroin toxicity .     his father , william brockie filed lawsuit against band seeking $ 1million in compensatory damages on top of unspecified punitive damages .     suit alleges bandmates stole his remains , guitars , artwork and a gold record .     when mr brockie demanded to have his son 's ashes back , gwar members allegedly gave him a small portion in a used plastic bag .
women 's institute centenary celebrations will be held at the venue in june .     told they must pay extra money because some ingredients were donated .     extra fees are liable if products of commercial sponsors are promoted .
jesse o'brien is seen swallowing nine of his daily dose of 45 pills .     his mum hoped the footage would amuse and encourage him .     the video is now helping other kids feel better about the daunting task .
edward nudel , 41 , was indicted wednesday on multiple charges after allegedly strangling his relative 's dog .     nudel then reportedly called the relative , bragging about the deed .     when officers went to arrest the man , nudel wrestled with them sending one to the hospital with injuries .
diorama at the green jackets museum in winchester shows the extent of the battle in june 1815 .     it features five key moments in the battle 's progress as well as several more light-hearted vignettes from the day .     there are 21,500 soldiers and 10,000 horses depicted in the diorama - far fewer than the number in the battle .     the model was made in the 1970s and has now been restored in time for the battle 's 200th anniversary .
jeffrey sachs : raw capitalism is the economics of greed .     last year was the earth 's hottest year on record , he says .
the video shows two men and one woman entering the los angeles home .     they 're seen tip-toeing through the house before entering another room .     but then one suspect returns and looks straight at the camera before he ducks and knocks it down .     the lapd released the film in hopes it will help catch the burglars , described as being age 17 to 20 .
six people , including one civilian , are killed when a car bomb explodes near a police station .     six others are killed when their armored vehicle is attacked on a highway in northern sinai .     ansar beit al-maqdis , an isis affiliate , claims responsibility .
skin laundry , a trendy new skin clinic in manhattan , offers a ten-minute laser facial which promises to tighten skin .     clients have to sign a waiver allowing the clinic to give information to a funeral director , a coroner and to donate their organs .
newcastle would be on 20 points if alan pardew 's five wins were removed .     john carver has won just two games in 14 since taking over the side .     newcastle 's players look uninterested and uninspired since he left the club .     the 53-year-old has made a blistering start in charge of crystal palace .     click here for all the latest newcastle united news .
nigerian muslims threw 12 christians overboard when he refused to stop .     surviving refugees on dinghy looked distressed when they arrived in italy .     italian ships have rescued 10,000 refugees fleeing war in africa this week .     among them was boat of libyans who were suffering from severe burns .
femail has compiled the best budgeting tips for brides-to-be .     seat guests on larger tables to save decor costs .     opt for family-sized meals on the table rather than three-course meals .     offer a signature cocktail menu rather than an open bar .
each year 300,000 people visit salzburg to visit magical filming locations .     the first tours started shortly after the film debuted 50 years ago .     buses emblazoned with the sound of music circle the city every day .
man came to hospital complaining his thumb hurt and he could n't move it .     said he had been playing candy crush saga all day for 6 - 8 weeks .     doctors found he had torn his tendon - but the man had felt no pain at all .     experts : pleasure associated with a game can release natural painkillers .
tiffanie didonato , from swansboro , north carolina , was born with diastrophic dysplasia and is only 4 '10 tall .     as a child she had numerous limb-lengthening surgeries to ensure that she would be taller than 3 ' 8 - the current size of her three-year-old son titan .     the 34-year-old mom and her husband eric gabrielse , a 29-year-old marine who is 6 ' 0 , are expecting their second child in september .
delaware rare book dealer ian brabner bought the form at ephemera show .     it 's dated august 21 , 1921 , and lists 20 questions for potential kkk recruits .     questions include ` are you a jew ? ' and ` do you want white supremacy ? '
ben affleck has apologized after he demanded information about a slave-owning relative be withheld from a pbs show about his ancestry .     as dailymail.com first revealed , producers agreed to the actor 's demand and cut the segment from the program .     ' i did n't want any television show about my family to include a guy who owned slaves . i was embarrassed , ' he wrote on facebook .     pbs has launched an internal investigation into whether or not finding your roots violated their editorial standards by allowing this request .
st helena , a 122 square kilometre island in the middle of the south atlantic , will soon be much easier to reach .     early next year , the island 's # 218 million airport will be complete , opening it up to tourists like never before .     the remote destination is perhaps best known as the place where napoleon was exiled after his waterloo defeat .
hakeem kuta , 17 , died on saturday morning after being listed in critical condition at st barnabas hospital .     police said he appeared to have misjudged a ledge while backing away from approaching cops and was injured after falling on thursday night .     officers were responding to complaints of a group of teens smoking marijuana and loitering in the lobby of the building on valentine avenue .
clinton endorsed gay marriage in 2013 ; said she ` was fully in support of gay marriage and that it is now continuing to proceed state-by-state '     in a terse interview with npr last year in which she declined to go into detail about her views on the topic , she repeated that position .     spokesperson today said she ` hopes the supreme court will come down on the side of same-sex couples being guaranteed that constitutional right '     high court will hear arguments on april 28 in cases on the matter .     clinton brought attention to the issue with her campaign launch video on sunday that featured a gay couple planning their wedding .     she spoke out after gop candidate marco rubio took flak for saying tuesday that states , not the federal government , should decide the issue .
prince harry will fly out of uk tonight to continue placement in australia .     this means he will not be able to meet royal baby until return in mid-may .     he will be bumped down to fifth in the line of succession by the new arrival .     duchess of cambridge is several days overdue for birth of second baby .
marriam seddiq ensured models were turning heads on the catwalk .     part of the st george new gen show of six up and coming designers .     collection featured sheer fabric and racily cut designs .     the raffles international showcase also caused a stir with racy designs .     any step showed a dress made of just leather straps and buckles .
two million high school students admitted to using e-cigarettes in 2014 .     that is an increase of 13 per cent from the 660,000 recorded in 2013 .     traditional cigarette use has plummeted by 9 per cent , cdc study shows .     experts warn e-cigarette marketing is not regulated .
izaak gillen of oregon was taken to randall children 's hospital on april 6 with the injury and was pronounced dead the following day .     detectives said he was at the babysitter 's house when he had skull fracture .     medical examiner determined child 's manner of death was a homicide .     parents justin and stacy gillen said they are deeply saddened by the loss .     no arrests have been made and investigators are still looking into incident .
photo of robert mugabe appears to show him with new hairdo and earrings .     longer hairstyle and earrings actually belong to woman stood behind him .     amusing image comes after memes circulated showing him fall down steps .     zimbabwean president apparently preparing daughter bona to replace him .
catherine gerhardt reached out to competitors when she started business .     she was ignored by most but received one nasty email from a ` flamer '     ms gerhardt chose to employ ` ice ' and ignore , communicate and exit .     she teaches this same policy to children through her company kidproof .     a flamer sends messages with intention to hurt the victim and get reaction .
two more african-americans have been elected to the ferguson city council .     tuesday 's vote is the first in ferguson since the shooting death of michael brown .
amir khan is currently training for next month 's fight with chris algieri .     the brit took a break from the speed ball to show off his party trick .     khan kept bottle in the air by punching it before delivering knock out blow .
defending champs czech republic beat france to reach the fed cup final .     petra kvitova defeated caroline garcia in straight sets for 3-0 lead .     the czech 's have reached their fourth final in the past five years .
spanish newspaper marca have praised real madrid 's james rodriguez .     the colombian has impressed since joining from monaco last summer .     roberto mancini wants to sign eight ` quality ' players for inter milan .     yaya toure , filipe luis and lucas leiva among mancini 's targets .     juventus striker alvaro morata claims he is not interested in joining real .
the massachusetts senator says washington works well for special interests and the well-connected but leaves out the rest of the nation .     she says that in her eyes , two declared gop candidates have already disqualified themselves .
scott dann was a fraction offside when he set up glenn murray .     assistant john brooks was spot on with two close calls in same move .     crystal palace beat manchester city 2-1 in premier league on monday .
cobbles will be lifted from their current place , cut in half and relaid again .     the paving stones run alongside the 19th century bristol floating harbour .     council tested technique on small area and had ` overwhelming ' support .     bristol industrial archaeological society claim it will change appearance .
lee garlington is opening up about his secret gay relationship with hollywood star rock hudson .     garlington and hudson dated from 1962 until 1965 , and hudson called him his ` one true love '     garlington says he would sneak over to the star 's house after work , and leave first thing in the morning .     he also says the two would each bring a date when they went out to avoid being outed .     hudson died in 1985 of aids .
some are child actors , others are former hollywood heartthrobs .     can be attributed to poor lifestyles , career lows , or shattered relationships .     renée zellweger caused controversy with her dramatically altered face .
the retail scene is changing too with macy 's due to open soon .     an opera house is being built in the lagoons area .     several trendy art galleries have appeared .
tour guide gets down in the dirt to attract a mob of emus in the outback .     the flightless birds are able to reach running speeds of 70 kms/hr .     the manoeuvre is thought to be an old aboriginal technique to catch emus .
luke lazarus was convicted of raping an 18-year-old at soho nightclub .     the 23-year-old sydney man was sentenced to a minimum of three years .     waverley mayor sally betts wrote a reference for him .     she asked for him not to receive a custodial sentence .     says she is trying to ` close loophole ' of ` risky behaviour ' in young women .
detlef guenzel sliced polish-born wojciech stempniewicz into small pieces .     video reportedly shows him strangling victim using a rope tied to a pulley .     defence argued victim could have stopped strangulation if he wanted to .     guenzel then buried the body parts in the garden of his bed and breakfast .     prosecutors sought lower sentence because stempniewicz wanted to die .
analysis of google search results has revealed the areas in europe and the united states most concerned with different sexually transmitted diseases .     herpes are a concern in norway while finland searches most for chlamydia .     mississippi searched for gonorrhea and syphilis more than any other state .     while in the uk , chlamydia seemingly causes the most concern and is incidentally the most commonly diagnosed std in the country .
ngo official says people will urgently need food , water , medicine and shelter .     more than 1,800 people across nepal confirmed dead , official says .     people treated outside hospitals ; avalanches reported on everest .
usain bolt is in brazil as olympic anticipation begins to rise .     the sprinter visited a favela and jogged with children training there .     he spoke of his excitement at competing in rio for next year 's games .
ap mccoy has two rides at sandown before he retires from horse racing .     iron man mccoy will be awarded with his 20th champion jockey trophy .     peter scudamore lists his top 10 achievements by racing hero mccoy .
chief executive of pret clive schlee allows employees to give out goodies .     an insider revealed that being extra happy or sad helps secure a freebie .     femail 's deni kirkova wore two outfits : plain and more glamorous .     got a free coffee for each outfit - but a free cookie as well in her red dress .
dominatrix claims she shared a ` hot , deep kiss ' with prince harry in vegas .     carrie reichert said she felt overdressed after seeing his ` cute naked a ** '     the 43-year-old made the claim in an excerpt from her upcoming book .     kensington palace has previously denied she was invited to the hotel suite .
italian chefs threaten legal action against mcdonald 's over new kid 's advert .     the 18 second video claims country 's children prefer happy meals to pizza .     one top italian chef calls the advert ` blasphemy ' and mcdonald 's shameful .     the advert is latest in a long-running feud with italian foodies and the chain .
obama recently explained u.s. foreign policy moves on iran and cuba .     sager : misguided u.s. leadership and policies are reasons for the enduring tragedy in the middle east .
roberto carlos has picked his champions league dream team .     the brazilian won the competition three times with real madrid .     carlos opts for a number of former team-mates including zinedine zidane .     his compatriots ronaldo , cafu and ronaldinho also make the cut .     carlos also decides to pick himself because of his free-kick prowess .
british soldier norman turgel and teenage polish girl gena met at belsen .     he was sent to arrest her ss guards - and fell in love with her .     commander major leonard berney took a personal interest in the romance .     made sure messages to each other reached their destination amid chaos .     the pair wed months later when gena , now 91 , was 20 and norman was 24 .     stayed married for 50 years , living in london , until norman 's death in '95 .
boris johnson issues rally cry to defeat ed miliband in ` battle for britain '     london mayor has warned that labour victory next month would be ` mad '     he says conservatives need five years to ` entrench the economic recovery '
the latest installment in the fast and furious franchise has smashed box office records for the month of april .     it ranks ninth among the top ten openings in cinema history with audiences flocking to paul walker in one of his final roles before his death in 2013 .     analysts had estimated that it would open in the $ 115 million range , but it managed to earn almost $ 30m more .     walker was killed in a single-car accident when his friend roger rodas 's red 2005 porsche carrera gt hit a lamppost and burst into flames .
the fashion police host dated actor jerry from 2003 to 2004 .     in her new tell-all going off script she confessed he cheated on her .     giuliana , jerry and rebecca romijn all attended a maxim party in june 2006 .     o'connell went on to marry rebecca in 2007 and they had two children .     he previously hooked up with spice girls member geri halliwell .
tests spot chemical signals in exhaled air linked to tumour development .     about 7,000 people develop stomach cancer in the uk each year .
patricia wilnecker has visited lamorna cove every year since 1948 .     pensioner , 81 , even moved to the area and wrote book about cornish coast .     but landowner claims she deliberately knocked down son daniel , 36 .     roy stevenson said she can come back if ` she tells him she 's sorry '
around 16 million tourists visit florence - population 350,000 , every year .     officials worry the city 's cultural significance has been radically altered .     a new iniative aims to appeal to ` true travellers ' looking for soul of the city .
tourist cops samuel kvarzell , markus asberg , eric jansberger and erik naslund broke up a fight on the uptown 6 train this wednesday .     ` here as tourists , they stepped up , ` bratton said on friday .     the friends were on their way to see les misérables on broadway when a conductor on the 6 train called for help .     the men , who are all police officers in their native sweden , wrestled the suspect to the floor and held him until nypd could arrive .     ` we 're no heroes , just tourists , ' says uppsala , sweden , police officer .
avalanche of appellate rulings have struck down state bans on same-sex marriage .     judge jeffrey sutton is behind only recent appellate decision to uphold such state bans .     `` judge sutton 's opinion stands alone , '' says official with gay rights advocacy group .
lord tebbit said figures such as churchill had careers before politics .     he claimed mr cameron was a pr advisor as well as a special advisor .     lord tebbit was an airline pilot before he embarked on his political career .     he said : ' i just can not read mr cameron 's mind . it 's a foreign country to me '
properties associated with 239 crime syndicates were stormed nationwide .     913 of those caught have been charged with crimes including murder .     hoards of weapons , drugs and money were all seized by authorities .     operation known as project wildfire ran from february 23 to march 31 .     nearly 200 foreign nationals were arrested during the operation .
columbia journalism school team finds major lapses in rolling stone 's university of virginia rape story .     errol louis : incredibly , the magazine is n't holding its staff accountable or changing procedures .
carter gentle , from farmington , maine , cried over the appearance of his ` ugly ' scars after having his fifth open-heart surgery .     his father mark shared a photo of his bare chest on facebook in the hopes of boosting his confidence .     the picture has received nearly 1.5 million likes since it was posted last week .
joseph t. brennan jr. of norwell , massachusetts was found with a home full of bomb-making materials .     police searched the home after an incident saturday night where brennan blew up his car while smoking a cigarette near gun powder .     police searched the car and seized 14 different substances .     in addition to brennan 's home , the hingham condo of benjamin young was searched and bomb-making materials were also found .     the relationship between the two men is not yet known , and authorities say there are no ties to terrorism and there was no intent to harm anyone .     brennan , who called himself an ` idiot ' after blowing up his car , was arraigned from his hospital bed on monday .
jamie jewitt , 24 , and henry rogers , 22 , had no self-confidence .     jamie was 15st by the age of 15 but went on a strict vegan diet .     henry was 18st at his heaviest but is now a top model .     have landed tv careers and want to promote healthy body image .
in july 2010 , joyce bruce got pregnant in an unusual way -- with repeated attempts using a turkey baster .     the man who gave her his sperm wanted to have a role in his son 's life .     they ended up in court , and he has won joint custody and visitation rights .
u.n. agency says 900 refugees from yemen have arrived in horn of africa , asks ships in area to be vigilant .     who : at least 643 people have been killed , more than 2,000 injured in three weeks .     unicef : aid includes medical supplies for up to 80,000 people and more airlifts are planned .
david bianculli : correspondents ' dinner , and cecily strong as host , were mostly weak , but obama had some funny zingers .     he says `` anger translator '' bit was funny , but crowd was tough on strong as event went on and on .
amy hughes , 26 , broke the world record with her 53:53 challenge .     the sports therapist from shropshire has raised # 30,000 for charity .     now she 's found love with the man who helped her see it all through .
clinton 's signature black customized van was parked in a spot reserved for the disabled in council bluffs , iowa .     hillary walked right past an unmistakable blue parking sign to climb into the van , nicknamed ` scooby '     meeting inside cafe lasted 90 minutes and was reportedly so sensitive that democratic party insiders were told to hand over cameras and cell phones .     secret service are technically federal law-enforcement officers and the vehicle is never left unattended , so there was no chance of a parking ticket .
karen catherall , 45 , was beaten and strangled to death by darren jefferys .     they met weeks earlier on dating site plenty of fish before he killed her .     police revealed the mother-of-two tried to call 999 on night of her murder .     call handler got no response and so the call was not connected to police .
charles dunstone backed labour in 2005 election , but now supports tories .     said conservatives deserved credit for remarkable economic turnaround .     admired tories for sticking with plan even when opinion was against them .     said labour party under miliband wrongly saw business as ` the problem '
gemma collins , 34 , launched several additions to her evans range today .     the star paid a nod to the summery weather in a floral dress .     new additions to collection include a lacy lbd and a set of floral kimonos .
sergey bubka launched a manifesto ahead of running to be iaaf president .     he is sebastian coe 's rival for the position in august 's election .     bubka promised crackdown on doping and review of athletics as a whole .
jody farley-berens helps single parents who are battling cancer .     farley-berens saw the need firsthand through her childhood friend .     do you know a hero ? nominations are open for 2015 cnn heroes .
now 5 months old , the 14-inch , 11-pound tuah is starting to crawl .     tuah was revealed to the public on saturday at salt lake city 's hogle zoo .     tuah 's parents died shortly after she was born .     tuah 's father was eli , an orangutan who became famous for correctly predicting the super bowl winner seven years in a row .     once she is ready , tuah 's sister acara will care for her instead of humans .
kyle major killed paul walker with a single punch to the back of his head .     teenager drunk six bottles of lager and a quarter of a bottle of whiskey .     regularly drank to excess and was also habitual cannabis user .     he was under supervision of a youth offending team since december 2013 .     the 52 year old father-of-two was unconscious before chin hit the ground .
more than nine in ten working households will receive a tax cut from today .     personal allowance rising to # 10,600 - putting extra # 17 a month in pockets .     cameron due to set out case for people keeping more of their own money .     he will argue for continued lower taxes , with less spent on ` bureaucracy '     a rise in the personal allowance from # 10,000 to # 10,600 .     the first increase in the 40p higher threshold -- in line with inflation -- for five years .     the # 1,060 marriage tax allowance , which benefits traditional couples where one parent does not work .     a one per cent increase in working age benefits .
reanne evans faced ken doherty in world championship qualifier .     doherty won the world championship in 1997 .     evans lost the first frame 71-15 against doherty .     but the dudley native fought back to lead 4-3 .     ken doherty , however , managed to close out an enthralling contest 10-8 .
earthquake experts met in kathmandu last week to plan for similar disaster .     scientists discussed how the overdeveloped area would cope with chaos .     at least 2,500 people across four countries have died in the earthquake .     hundreds are still missing after avalanches buried everest basecamp .     the quake struck just 11km beneath ground making its force even more destructive .
lianne hindle suffered a cardiac arrest at north manchester general .     37-year-old died three hours after giving birth to baby poppy .     investigation was launched last year into the deaths of seven babies and three mothers at the unit and a ward at the royal oldham hospital .     family have raised questions over the standard of care ms hindle received .
some villages exist in what would be considered as uninhabitable places around the world .     they have thrived by adapting to the natural surroundings and some remain hidden away from the rest of the world .     hidden villages can be found in the middle of the grand canyon , in clay structures on rock faces , and underground .
four sisters were at the centre of an international custody dispute .     vinceni girls were sent back to live with their father in italy in 2012 .     they were dragged kicking and screaming from their sunshine coast home .     distressing scenes were shown on tv causing great hysteria and concern .     60 minutes exclusively interviewed the girls at their home near florence .     the two eldest , emily and claire , speak of their regret of dramatic exit .     their mother has not visited them in italy but speaks to them everyday .     60 minutes will screen nationally on channel 9 at 8.30 pm sunday , april 12 .
gianluigi buffon has picked his all-time champions league xi .     37-year-old goalkeeper has made 418 appearances for juventus .     buffon opts for a number of former team-mates including paval nedved .     italian decides to keep himself out of the team and selects iker casillas .     click here to see ronaldinho 's champions league dream team .
deanna robinson , of texas , was 38 weeks pregnant when she says she was struck at least three times in her back at her parents ' home .     says deputies and state workers from cps were at her parents ' home to remove her 18-month-old son because of allegations of abuse or neglect .     ` i 'm 38 weeks pregnant , and with my stomach again repeatedly pressed into that counter , ' she said .     robinson says her stomach hit the kitchen counter repeatedly during the incident , causing heavy bruising .
jury selection for the aaron hernandez trial started back in january .     the jury began its deliberations on tuesday .     the case has a complicated cast of characters .
homecamp is a service which connects homeowners and tourists .     travellers can pitch a tent in a homeowner 's backyard at a cheap rate .     the average cost of staying in a backyard is $ 30 per night .     homecamp launched in australia in january and is available worldwide .
luis suarez scored a brace while neymar also netted in 3-1 win at psg .     suarez has 17 goals for the season after slow start to life at the nou camp .     suarez , lionel messi and neymar is the best front three in world football .     psg missed zlatan ibrahimovic 's world-class qualities in their defeat .
pippa , 31 , strolled through the sunny streets of london .     looked chic in tweedy skirt , black blouse and cropped black blazer .     will become an aunt for the second time when kate gives birth this month .
olivier rousteing has revealed why he chose kim and kanye for balmain .     designer says the couple are ` among the most talked-about people '     fashionable couple love wearing matching designs by balmain designer .
sue perkins received abuse on twitter when her name was mentioned .     the general opinion being stated was ` men do cars , women do cake . '     here , sarah vine states why women are often just as keen on cars as men .
5,500 signatures call for jedi temple after similar petition asked for campus mosque .     petition started by a student at dokuz eylul university in the western province of izmir .
center for campus involvement announced cancellation tuesday in response to complaints about portrayals of arabs in the film .     sophomore lamees mekkaoui started a petition saying the subject of the film , late navy seal chris kyle , was ` mass killer ' and ' a racist '     university apologized and said american sniper will be replaced at friday 's mixer with pg-rated children 's film paddington .     conservative student group started competing petition calling on u of m to screen the iraq war drama .     football coach jim harbaugh weighed in and said the team was ` proud ' of chris kyle and would screen the film for players .
british comedian travelled to moscow to interview the whistleblower .     questions why the former cia systems administrator leaked the files .     gets him to explain the security threat in the context of nude pictures .     describes snowden as america 's most famous ` hero and/or traitor '     snowden , at moments , is stunned into silence by the line of questioning .
the black-eyed bandit was found stuck 30ft-high on a flag pole outside philadelphia 's cathedral basilica of saints peter and paul on tuesday .     after a few hours , animal control officers were able to coax him down .
grand prairie , texas officials say rick yoes , 57 , has refused to respond to two decades worth of code violations for unruly lawn .     when he received notice that he owed $ 1,700 and that there was a warrant out of his arrest , yoes reported to jail instead of paying the fine .     he spent two nights in jail before a friend paid the fine and secured his release .     officials for the city say they would never arrest someone for not mowing their lawn and that yoes had plenty of opportunities to work with them .     yoes claims in one interview that he never received the warnings , while in another interview said he ignored the letters .
six teams are embroiled in a close battle to avoid the premier league drop .     seven points split 20th placed leicester with sunderland in 15th .     aston villa play burnley on the last day as qpr host leicester .
royal baby gaga the brainchild of breastfeeding campaigner victoria hiley .     the leeds mother collaborated with ice-creamery the licktators .     ms hiley wanted to remind duchess of cambridge of breastfeeding benefits .
abraham lincoln and george washington were gay , says a new book by larry kramer , 79 , who is a gay activist and award winning writer .     in ` the american people , ' kramer says that abraham lincoln was gay and his killer john wilkes booth was actually lincoln 's spurned gay lover .     the book claims that the original jamestown settlement was all male and that men would have sexual relationships when there were no women .     larry kramer claims that many historians do n't have ` gaydar ' and could n't recognize gay attributes .
criticised over ` incompetent ' handling of bank 's tax evasion scandal .     announced her departure in a letter to shareholders .     follows calls by mp margaret hodge for fairhead to quit bbc role .
roman general suffered from vertigo , dizziness and weakness in limbs .     historians have long believed this was caused by late onset of epilepsy .     epilepsy was often referred to as the ` sacred disease ' in ancient rome .     new look at symptoms reveal they have more in common with strokes .
leslie roy , 52 , and lee wright , 56 , had been visiting relatives in michigan when on april 11 their ford explorer got trapped in snow on remote road .     suv lost power and they had no cell phone service to call for help .     roy and wright wore layers of clothes to stay warm as overnight temperatures fell to the 20s .     survived by rationing eight boxes of girl scout cookies , a bag of cheese puffs and melted snow .     helicopter pilot noticed a reflection off the ford explorer friday and rescued the trapped women .
highthere ! app is the world 's first social network for cannabis enthusiasts .     app lets people swipe profiles to start conversations , like tinder .     it began life limited to us states were cannabis is legal , but is now global .     denver-based founder insists high there is more than a dating site .
trip included brian lufty , 52 , of montreal , his stepson sebastien and son jason , friend neil janna , 51 , and his two sons jesse and josh .     they made the trip in three days crossing over five states to visit original home of kentucky fried chicken in corbin , kentucky .     lufty visited harland sanders cafe the first time in 1985 and again in 1995 .     while at the restaurant they ordered their fried chicken and brought their own plates , silverware , glasses , artificial flowers and candles for the table .
a chicago cubs fan enjoyed a beer with a hint of baseball at wrigley field .     the 24-year-old caught a foul ball in her drink during saturday 's game .
jimmy anderson becomes england 's leading test match wicket-taker .     the 32-year-old surpassed the record held by sir ian botham -lrb- 383 -rrb- .     anderson picked up his 384th wicket during first test against west indies .     he took the wicket of denesh ramdin , caught behind by alastair cook .     he drew level with botham on 383 when marlon samuels edged to gully .
bubba watson sits four shots off huang wen-yi 's lead in china .     defending champion was off the pace at the shenzhen international .     watson will be looking to put masters disappointment behind him .     the american finished 38th at augusta national .
new belgium brewery will make a beer inspired by ben & jerry 's ice cream .     it will be called `` salted caramel brownie ''
james tomkins underwent surgery on a dislocated shoulder last month .     defender tomkins picked up the freak injury during a gym session .     surgery went well and the 26-year-old is closing in on a return to action .     however , tomkins accepted it may be too late to feature again this season .     click here for all the latest west ham news .
alvaro morata had attracted interest from arsenal before joining juventus .     spain international made move to italy in # 15million deal from real madrid .     manchester city are monitoring the 22-year-old after impressive season .
lydia ko is seven shots behind leader kim sei-young .     ko had been aiming for a 30th consecutive under-par round .     but the world no 1 could only finish on one-over par .
vincent viafore , 46 , from poughkeepsie was on the hudson river near newburgh , new york , with angelika graswald on sunday .     he was thrown out of the boat when they hit rough waters .     she was rescued by people in a nearby boat and made it to shore .     residents say the water at this time of year is ` precarious ' as it is so cold .
david alaba posted video on his instagram of the cast being removed .     the austrian is currently out after suffering knee ligament damage .     bayern munich face porto in the champions league on wednesday .
five men arrested as part of massive anti-terrorism raids in melbourne .     asio warned families of the men they were targeted by isis recruiter .     sevdet besim charged with committing acts to prepare for terrorist acts .     police allege the men planned to target an anzac day ceremony .     it is thought police and public would be attacked with swords and knives .     another 18-year-old man was also arrested and remains in custody .     three men had been released by police late on saturday night .     more than 200 officers raided seven properties in melbourne on saturday .
axed top gear presenter was seen laughing with traffic warden in london .     the warden had tried to leave a parking ticket on his borrowed supercar .     after a friendly chat , the warden walks away forgetting to leave the ticket .     clarkson had parked his car to inspect a black ferrari pininfarina 275 .
dc ciara campbell , 43 , ` used the police computer system to spy on her ex '     also allegedly pried on stuart swarbrick 's new girlfriend who is also officer .     court heard she also accessed information about dispute involving a friend .     campbell denies three counts of unlawfully obtaining personal data and eight offences of unauthorised access to computer material .
the boy 's mom michelle schwab is charged with child endangerment .     she is assistant director of kindercare in columbus , ohio , and has 3 sons .     the company confirmed schwab is taking a leave of absence .     schwab was allegedly holding the child when he slipped and fell 10ft into the pit on saturday around 3pm at the cleveland metroparks zoo .     he was rescued by his parents before emergency responders arrived on the scene ; he suffered from minor bruises and bumps .     the cheetahs seemed to ignore the boy and his parents while in the pit .
laura wells is a successful plus-sized model who has worked in new york .     she revealed agents tell models to eat a biscuit a day before fashion week .     wells also revealed the first time she was approached by talent scouts .     they asked the australian beauty if she wanted to be a plus-sized model .     wells said she felt like she wanted to punch them in the face for asking her .     her misconceptions about plus-sized models led her to think she was being called fat .
snp leader refuses to rule out calling for another vote on independence .     nationalists had called last year 's referendum ` once in a generation '     opponents accuse sturgeon of breaking a ` promise the size of ben nevis '
yo ! sushi founder simon woodroffe is among new signatories of letter .     he is a former labour backer and appeared in a 2004 political broadcast .     total of 150 business leaders have signed the letter praising the tories .     the announcement will heap more pressure on labour and ed miliband .
video shows john hargrove , who appeared in blackfish , using the n-word seven times as he talks to a friend on the phone .     hargrove said he ` had a lot to drink ' when the video was filmed and did not remember the incident .     seaworld released the video to reporters and said they received it last weekend from an ` internal whistle-blower '     hargrove says the company is launching a ` smear campaign ' against him .     he is currently on a book tour promoting beneath the surface .
former first lady hillary clinton has not announced whether or not she will run for president .     her husband says he will support her wishes no matter what - but will take a back-seat role if and when she begins her campaign .     during her 2008 campaign , it was reported that his staffers clashed with her team .
fredric brandt had been suicidally depressed for 10 days before he took his own life .     police report into the 65-year-old 's suicide reveals brandt was found on sunday morning by friend , john joseph hupert , inside his garage .     hupert was staying with the cosmetic surgeon on doctors orders to monitor brandt 's suicidal tendencies .     hupert revealed that brandt had been taking medication for his depression .     paramedics declared the plastic surgeon dead at the scene after having found he hanged himself .     brandt 's psychiatrist , dr. saida koita , arrived soon afterwards and told police she had been treating brandt daily .     brandt was reportedly devastated by parody character dr franff in hit netflix series unbreakable kimmy schmidt which debuted on march 6 .     friends said that , though dr brandt was upset , show did n't cause his death .
sir bradley wiggins will bid to break cycling 's hour record this year .     he will race at london 's olympic velodrome in front of 6,000 fans in june .     wiggins will ride in next month 's tour de yorkshire .     he is also targeting his eighth olympic medal at the rio 2016 games .
christian benteke has scored six goals in eight games .     emmanuel adebayor thrived under tim sherwood at tottenham last term .     sherwood handed jack grealish only his second villa start on saturday .
` boy free ' environment stops girls from being held back by opposite sex .     girls in single sex education do n't have to worry about impressing boys .     comments made by head of wycombe abbey school in buckinghamshire .     come after calls for boys to be taught separately in state schools .
sara martin , from lititz , pa. , had n't spoken for weeks after health declined .     but one day recently , the dying mother-of-three uttered the word : ` florida '     now , devoted family is driving her there for what will likely be final holiday .     they are leaving for the city of sarasota in south-west florida in rv today .     mrs martin , 37 , was diagnosed with inoperable brain cancer five years ago .     she is married and has three children ; carlie , 12 , gretchen , 11 , connor , 9 .     she has not spoken again and has been told she does n't have long to live .
austin bird sat for coffee on tuesday morning in the town of leclaire , iowa , chatting with hillary clinton as photographers snapped pictures .     news reports called him a ` student ' and her campaign called it an unscripted event .     but clinton 's iowa political director troy price drove bird and two other people to the coffee house .     bird is a hospital government relations official who interned with barack obama 's 2012 presidential campaign .     the iowa democratic party , which price ran until a month ago , tasked him to be joe biden 's driver during an october senate campaign trip in davenport .
chad hurst of salt lake city , utah was sucker punched by a plane passenger when they landed in the city sunday .     this after hurst asked the young man to stop using foul language following their flight .     hurst , a former corrections officer , then took down the man and pinned his arms behind his back while waiting for law enforcement .     the young man , who has still not been named by police , was charged with assault and public intoxication .
barr has macular degeneration and glaucoma , eye diseases that get progressively worse and can steal vision .     the risk for both diseases goes up for everyone after age 60 .     sun exposure can up the risk for glaucoma and macular degeneration .
17 americans were exposed to the ebola virus while in sierra leone in march .     another person was diagnosed with the disease and taken to hospital in maryland .     national institutes of health says the patient is in fair condition after weeks of treatment .
lewis hamilton has been out in la ahead of the fifth race of the season .     hamilton chauffeured younger brother nicolas around town in his cobra .     mercedes driver has won three of his four races this calendar year .     reigning champion heading to santa monica ahead of spanish grand prix .     nicolas hamilton preparing for the british touring car championship .
university of illinois researchers gave 150 children a pattern game .     it was designed to test cognitive flexibility , which is our ability to shift attention and select information to fit the changing demands of a task .     they compared the results with the children 's food diaries .     found those who ate fatty food had slower reaction times and worse working memories than children who ate healthier diets .
massachusetts emergency management agency report states some cops showed lack of ` weapons discipline while hunting the tsarnaev brothers '     they fired at suspects without ` necessarily having identified their target '     also failed to appropriately aim weapons during april 19 , 2013 , shootout .     shortly after , one officer ` mistakenly fired on an occupied police vehicle '     later in night , another cop ` fired weapon without appropriate authority '     however , report praises response of medical personnel after bombings .     ` every patient that was transported to hospital from the scene survived '     three people were killed in april 15 attacks - a further 264 were injured .
confirmed death sentences for muslim brotherhood leader and 13 others .     american-egyptian mohamed soltan , 27 , sentenced to life in prison .     he lived in missouri , michigan and ohio before moving to egypt in 2012 .     found guilty of ` plotting unrest ' after coup against president morsi in 2013 .     ohio state graduate had worked as journalists ' translator at protest site .     he had lost 98 pounds during his hunger strike as of last year .
chef ally lees of alfie bird 's in birmingham made festive eggy dish .     beastly omelette contains 12,000 calories and 945g of protein .     three food wide dish took an hour to cook for the easter promotion .
esa has released an image of one of saturn 's outer moons , hyperion .     its bubbly appearance is due to it having a very low density for its size .     scientists believe 40 per cent of the moon is made up of empty space .     hyperion has been known to unleash huge bursts of charged particles .
tiger woods finishes tied for seventeenth in the 2015 masters at augusta .     woods could only score 73 on sunday , seven shots less than rory mcilroy .     there has been enough to suggest that woods is not finished yet .     jordan spieth won this year 's masters after finishing on 18 under par .
divers margo sanchez and stephanie adamson have been photographing marine life for nearly a decade .     the selfie stick allows them to keep a comfortable distance so they do not disturb marine life .     the californian pair co-own a diving school and travelled to many exotic locations to see incredible sea animals .
ap mccoy will ride cantlow in the irish grand national on monday .     cantlow disputes favouritism largely due to mccoy 's choice to ride him .     he could 've ridden alderwood or if in doubt , also owned by jp mcmanus .     trainer paul webber said of the track : ' i hope it dries up a bit '
the pentagon announced tuesday plans to identify the remains of hundreds of sailors and soldiers killed on board the uss oklahoma .     the uss oklahoma sank during the december 7 , 1941 japanese assault on pearl harbor , the american military base and port .     the attack on pearl harbor resulted in the death of over 2,000 americans and marked the united states ' entrance into world war ii .
yvonne camargo , of victorville , california , was arrested after she was identified from the video .     the cameraman films camargo for more than a minute before she notices .     he then asks what she 's doing but camargo does not respond .     the cameraman said he started filming after seeing the woman ` pulling this kid by his hair ' out of a kohl 's .
walter scott was killed by a south carolina police officer in april .     danny cevallos : failure to pay child support should be a civil matter , not a crime .
stunning creations made by uk 's top cake artists and shown at the cake international exhibition in london .     bakers used a range of decorating techniques and detailed sugar work to make the stunning cakes .     every part of the ornate bakes is edible from the hand moulded sugar beads to sugar-work figurines .     each cake egg measures 30cm high and was created as part of a feature for cake masters magazine .
espn reporter britt mchenry caught on video berating a towing company employee .     cnn 's kelly wallace used the story as a teachable moment for her daughters .     wallace : mchenry could learn from other celebrities who responded gracefully in stressful situations .
zeynab daghastani , 13 , reportedly gunned down as she fled yarmouk camp .     teen trying to get to nearby yalda district which is not under isis control .     yarmouk , on the outskirts of damascus , has been under siege since 2012 .     isis seized it ten days ago and have been butchering those trapped there .
mtv movie awards host amy schumer had some hits and misses during the show .     rebel wilson tossed in a censor-worthy joke .
kieran murray asked americans to repeat ` g'day mate , how you going ? '     some were lost for words , while others dissolved into fits of laughter .     one man was convinced murray was saying ` get out of my nightgown '     another was insistent on telling his story about britney spears .     the video is the second of it 's kind which asks foreigners to repeat phrase .
mark howe , 21 , researched what weapons his tv icon used on victims .     sent text messages to friends saying how much he hated mum tina .     the 48-year-old tackled him over cannabis use at family home in leicester .     found lying dead inside flat by her father-in-law brian wardle .     kris wardle said he was devastated at death of his beloved wife .     kris wardle and his father brian appear on britain 's darkest taboos , sunday night at 9pm on ci .
the prosecutor looking at allegations against argentina 's president says no crime committed .     the original prosecutor who brought the case was found dead in january .
hbo is the us network behind game of thrones and the sopranos .     service is available on apple tv and ios exclusively for three months .     apple has also cut the price of apple tv system from $ 99 -lrb- # 65 -rrb- to $ 69 .
chris early , who owns a production company in knoxville , tennessee , bought a quadcopter to make commercials .     however , he decided he could use it for personal monitoring purposes too .     early released footage of one of his remote chaperoning sessions .     the clip shows how he is able monitor his child 's location from the sky .
many large chinese cities ration license plates as they look for a solution to gridlocked roads and pollution .     it means many prospective car owners have to bid in license auctions .     but hybrid vehicles automatically qualify for a license plate .
doctors at the university of arkansas for medical sciences found a 56-year-old man 's kidney problems stemmed from drinking too much iced tea .     black tea contains oxalate , a chemical known to produce kidney stones and sometimes lead to kidney failure .     the unidentified man will likely spend the rest of his life in dialysis .
# 2.99 editing app is thought to be loved by kim kardashian .     allows you to retouch face , banish wrinkles and change eye colour .     femail tests out retouching skills on their selfies .
french artist thomas lamadieu combines photography and illustration to create clever imagery .     he takes photographs of the sky in urban locations around the world .     the buildings in the photographs act as a frame for him to draw on abstract illustrations .
rowyn johnson was 17-months-old when she was killed in september .     cassie miller accidentally ran the child over in the driveway of her home .     miller was picking up rowyn 's brother for preschool .     rowyn 's mom , brynn johnson , forgave miller , knowing it was an accident .     the two have now started a charity to honor rowyn and help other families .
drone was filming at royal burgers zoo chimp enclosure for a tv show .     chimpanzees spotted the drone - and one grabbed a branch .     on its second attempt , it knocked the drone out of the sky .
june whitfield will appear in the bbc soap next week as sister ruth .     her character will offer advice to anguished kat , played by jessie wallace .     ` it was an absolute delight to work with jessie ' , ab fab actress said .
barcelona , bayern munich , juventus and real madrid make up last four .     real madrid are looking to retain their title and win for the 11th time .     barcelona have won three champions leagues since 2006 .     bayern munich are five-time winners and last won at wembley in 2013 .     juventus ' two european cup wins came in 1985 and 1996 .
homaru cantu , 38 , was found dead inside his upcoming restaurant , crooked fork brewery , on tuesday .     an autopsy has been scheduled for wednesday , though authorities are investigating cantu 's death as an apparent suicide .     cantu worked for famed chicago chef charlie trotter for four years before opening his own restaurant , moto .     a month ago , a former investor filed a lawsuit against cantu , accusing the chef of using moto 's bank account for personal expenses .     according to friends , cantu had become strained in recent days because of the lawsuit .
girl was playing with friend when zbigniew huminski forced her into car .     chloe 's naked body was found in nearby woods an hour-and-a-half later .     prosecutors say there is evidence of ` strangulation and sexual violence '     polish immigrant , who was heading to england , has admitted to killing .
cnn 's dr. sanjay gupta says we should legalize medical marijuana now .     he says he knows how easy it is do nothing `` because i did nothing for too long ''
rapa nui people placed red stone ` hats ' or pukao on some of the statues .     oregon university say they may have used ramps to raise the stones .     the team used physics to model possible methods of raising the ` hats '     some 100 pukao have been found on the remote island in the pacific ocean .
poets house is a swish new hotel in ely , three minutes from the cathedral .     it comes complete with 21 chic rooms - and complimentary valet parking .     it used to be an old people 's home , but is a world remove from this era .
cle ` bone ' sloan , 45 , was one of two men hit by knight 's pickup truck .     terry carter , 55 , was killed in alleged hit-and-run outside burger stand .     knight is accused of murdering carter , and attempting to murder sloan .     preliminary hearing in los angeles is deciding whether knight can be tried .     sloan today claimed he could not remember the details of the encounter .     would not identify knight , said he was forced to courtroom by subpoena .
modular robotic vehicle developed at nasa 's johnson space center .     each wheel can be controlled independently and turn 180 degrees .     shows off the technologies that could let man move across other planets .     could also be used to improve self driving cars on earth .
reality tv star said mr miliband ` definitely ' topped her list of politicians .     she was asked who she would pick in a game of ` snog , marry or avoid '     bright said mr miliband was ` good looking ' and had ` good dress sense '     it comes after the labour leader became an unlikely pin-up for teen girls .     thousands of teenagers took to twitter claiming to be ` milifans '
defense seeks to make case to spare life of convicted boston bomber dzhokhar tsarnaev .     defense : brother tamerlan , who was killed during police showdown , was obsessed with jihad .     dzhokhar tsarnaev was well-liked , polite and docile , according to witnesses .
the colorado estate was built in 2008 using materials from italy and gives the homeowners a 360-degree unobstructed view of the vail valley .     it has eight bedrooms and nine full bathrooms across 17,000-square-feet .     the home is so remote that it took a team of engineers , $ 1 million and two years to build the 1.5-mile driveway .
dramatic photos of the blood-red sky in aershan have gone viral in china .     mud-like residue after the storm causes health concern with many citizens .     no comments been given by the authorities on the cause of the incident .     web users link the incident with the monster sandstorm attacking beijing .
usain bolt will compete at the iaaf/btc world relays on may 2-3 .     six-time olympic gold medalist says he 's ` fit , healthy and ready to run '     bolt was part of the jamaica team that won gold at london 2012 .
study finds booze ` mimics ' how a person 's body demonstrates health .     facial flushing and confidence perceived as ` healthy and attractive '     experiment by the university of bristol dubbed ` reverse beer goggles '
myuran sukumaran 's friend ben quilty says he will face his execution with ` strength and dignity '     ` myuran always said to me he would never take this lying down ... that he would stare them down , ' the artist said .     sukumaran and chan have selected ` spiritual advisers ' to accompany them on their final journey .     both men refused to sign their execution warrants three days before their execution , saying that the process was unjust .     as his final request , chan has asked for a final church service with his family .     sukumaran has also requested as much time as possible to paint .     the men have both nominated spiritual witnesses to their execution .
khayree gay , 31 , was captured on friday at the security inn and suites hotel in lake city , south carolina .     gay , is facing federal charges for allegedly kidnapping a jewelers row employee on april 4 in philadelphia .     the woman , 53 , was abducted in a van from a parking garage and then beaten , tasered and threatened with death .     she was left handcuffed in a pennsylvania cemetery following abduction .
shaheen pirouz from denton , texas , filmed her tiny pet canine being propped up and repeatedly falling forwards .
the tv star has suffered with episodes of depression since childhood .     contemplated suicide following divorce from first husband .     celebrating 15th wedding anniversary with husband phil vickery in may .     has just penned a sixth novel , a good catch .     says she has talked herself out of botox , is happy to look like a 57-yr-old .     for confidential support call the national suicide prevention lifeline on 1-800-273-talk -lrb- 8255 -rrb- in the uk , or call the samaritans on 08457 90 90 90 , visit a local samaritans branch , or click here .
aston villa teenager jack grealish was pictured taking ` hippy crack '     grealish was in impressive form in aston villa 's win over liverpool .     villa boss tim sherwood has warned grealish over his future behaviour .
carl jenkinson says hot prospect jack grealish must follow his heart .     the aston villa star is wanted by ireland and england for internationals .     the west ham full back had the option of playing for finland and england .     grealish has hit the headlines after impressing for the midlands side .     click here for all the latest west ham news .
dr giorgi-guarnieri testified at hearing that will ultimately determine whether hinckley will be allowed to live full time outside a mental hospital .     giorgi-guarnieri said hinckley should be allowed to start the band but not perform publicly .     hinckley 's lawyer and treatment team say he 's ready to live full time at his 89-year-old mother 's home in virginia under certain conditions .
seven artifacts were found to have come from an art dealer facing charges .     unbeknownst to museum officials , they were looted from indian temples .     the discredited source of the display items was noticed by visiting tourist .     immigration and customs agents will now return the artifacts to india .
mccoy laid into his former coach , saying he does n't respect star talent .     after a day with his new franchise , he said they have more of an nfl feel than the eagles , who drafted him in the second round of the 2009 draft .     ' i do n't think he likes or respects the stars . i 'm being honest , ' said the 26-year-old running back .
as an island race , no one in britain lives more than 70 miles from the sea .     enterprise neptune is the national trust 's campaign to save the coastline .     since starting in 1965 the trust has acquired 742 miles of the british coast .
holder took a victory lap in his farewell speech , claiming credit for overseeing a ` golden age ' of federal law enforcement .     no mention of being held in criminal contempt of congress for failing to hand over subpoenaed documents related to the operation fast and furious scandal .     standing-room-only crowd rushed to embrace him after his final address .     loretta lynch , a brooklyn-n.y. federal prosecutor , is holder 's replacement .
prince harry visited one of the most remote areas in the world as part of his tour with the australian army .     captain wales spent time with locals in the wuggubun community , some 600 miles from darwin , the nearest city .     locals who were thrilled to spend time with harry said he just ` rocked up ' and that he is a ` delightful chap '     30-year-old has been in australia since monday and will stay for a month before retiring from the british army .
polling last night showed that the nationalists are extending their lead .     snp are threatening to all but wipe out labour north of the border .     but ed miliband refused to rule out going into a power-sharing agreement .     sturgeon used tv debate to offer to ` lock cameron out of downing street '
dick advocaat warned his side they face relegation if they do n't improve .     sunderland were thumped by crystal palace at the stadium of light .     blacks cats boss advocaat has admitted he is worried by relegation .     sunderland are three points clear of the premier league relegation zone .
bobbi kristina brown has `` global and irreversible '' brain damage , her grandmother says .     `` we can only trust in god for a miracle at this time , '' cissy houston says .     bobby brown , her father , had said at a concert that she was `` awake ''
australian model agencies reveal new demand for social media following .     gigi hadid and mimi elashiry are examples of models with huge followings .     clients demand models have a minimum of 10,000 followers .     models are learning to self-promote as part of their job .     agencies chic and viviens now have ` influencer ' and ` blogger ' divisions .
graeme mcdowell carded a final round of 73 on sunday .     mcdowell thinks his style of putting is not suited to augusta .     the former us open could have had a worse score .     mcdowell was initally give a one-shot penalty for moving his marker as he was attempting to swap a bee away from his ball on the third green .     but the penalty was rescinded later in the day .
video released showing isis supporters ` declaring a caliphate ' in yemen .     it comes after months of fighting between several groups in the country .     isis emerged in yemen last year , and has carried out suicide bombings .     sunni isis may take hold as shi'ite rebels fight government and al-qaeda .
vera baird has allocated # 500,000 to be given to victims first northumbria .     police and crime commissioner is a director at the newly set-up charity .     chief constable sue sim is also on the organisation 's board of directors .     critics have accused northumbria police of creating ` its own soap opera '
special warfare operator 1st class brett allen marihugh , 34 , of livonia , michigan , died sunday after being found unresponsive friday .     the other seal , 32-year-old special warfare operator 1st class seth cody lewis of queens , new york , died on friday .
retail experts say sales of royal memorabilia are unlikely to top # 70m .     by comparison , prince george 's birth resulted in a # 247m splurge .     between july and august 2013 , # 70m was lavished on souvenirs alone .     the newest royal is expected to have a big long term impact however .     sales boost will be particularly noticeable if the new baby is a girl .
nicholas connors gave a rousing performance ahead of the houston rockets and dallas mavericks basketball game on tuesday night .     one of his favorite nfl players was watching from the sidelines - houston texans defensive lineman j.j. watt .     when he finished , the 26-year-old athlete ran across the court to congratulate him , with the heartwarming moment caught on camera .
scott shirley , his wife and son were returning from trip to disneyland .     but mrs shirley made grim discovery on floor of united airlines plane .     mr shirley claims staff refused to clean area and were offered blankets to cover area up .
group are the first living veterans of 2,800 to receive the legion of honour .     now in their nineties , two were just teens when they helped liberate france .     medal was in recognition of their ` heroic accomplishments ' and ` bravery '
tottenham hotspur manager expects a good reception for tim sherwood .     spurs host aston villa in the premier league on saturday .     ex-spurs boss sherwood returns just 11 months after he was axed .     hugo lloris and kyle walker are out , while jan vertonghen is a doubt .     click here for all the tottenham hotspur vs aston villa team news .
david messerschmitt , 30 , who met his wife in college , had been using craigslist to solicit men , according to an affidavit on tuesday .     jamyra gallmon , 21 , ` contacted victim using a masculine-sounding email address and went to hotel with the intention of robbing him '     the pair got into a struggle on february 9 and she stabbed him repeatedly in the abdomen , back and groin .     the lawyer was found dead at the upscale washington dc hotel after being reported missing by his wife .     gallmon made an initial appearance on the murder charge superior court in dc on thursday .
natasha willard appeared to be suffering from flu just before christmas .     but four months later the teenager can barely move her limbs or talk .     she has been diagnosed with encephalitis , or swelling , of the brain .     doctors are unsure whether miss willard , 17 , will be able to fully recover .
officials at horace mitchell primary school in kittery point , maine , have come under fire for teaching students about transgender issues .     i am jazz is about a child ` with a boy 's body and a girl 's brain ' who eventually finds a doctor that tells the family the boy is a transgender .     officials at the school have since apologized to parents .     allyn hutton , the superintendent of the local district , admitted that parents should have been first notified .
`` monty python and the holy grail '' celebrates 40 years thursday .     the 1975 film is considered a comedy classic .     troupe made three movies together , not including concert works and compilations .
manchester city lost 2-1 against crystal palace on monday night .     gary neville : ` they 've got a mentality problem . there 's no doubt '     former manchester united and england defender neville on what is wrong with reigning champions city : ` this team can not sustain success '     jamie carragher : yaya toure ducked out of his duties in the wall .     click here for all the latest man city news .
baby seng , from laos , is the little boy who touched turia pitt 's heart .     the inspirational burns survivor witnessed his sight-saving surgery .     he reached up and poured a rice-cooker filled with boiling water on his head .     turia tells daily mail australia he is ` for sure ' one of her inspirations .     she has experienced more than 200 operations since she was burned .     she was caught in a bushfire in the kimberley in september 2011 .     turia also revealed she is fitter and stronger than she has ever been .     she ran a half-marathon with a faster time this year than before the burns .     she is hosting a gala night for interplast , the charity who saved seng .     the event will be held on thursday evening .
john howard , 66 , took cash from overseas press and media association .     he had been a member for 30 years but left company facing bankruptcy .     father-of-three enjoyed monthly # 300 meals and sent money to his wife .     howard was jailed for two and a half years at canterbury crown court .
leo bernal , 8 , suffered gunshot wound to the head as he lay in bed in culver city , california .     doctors had to open his skull to save his life , leaving him with 23 staples .     bernal 's mother say her son is not afraid to return home .
jessica silva stabbed james polkinghorne outside her home in 2012 .     silva was physically and mentally abused by her husband polkinghorne .     she claims that if she had not acted first she would have been killed .     silva says all she wants from her dead husband 's family is ` forgiveness '     polkinghorne 's father can not understand why she killed his abusive son .     jessica was found guilty of manslaughter but had sentence suspended .     justice hoeben , who presided over the case , called situation ` exceptional '     jessica silva story features on sunday night 's 60 minutes on nine network .
april 26 , 2016 marks the 30th anniversary of the chernobyl tragedy - and the site sees more visitors today than ever .     several private tour operators lead excursions into the exclusion zone , a nearly 50-kilometre contamination radius .     however , in order to enter , tourists must obtain a pass and go through multiple security check points .     though there are several abandoned villages in the zone , the most popular site to visit is the ghost town of pripyat .
block in bay ridge , brooklyn , got most complaints about noisy sex in the city with six in a year .     building maintenance worker , 25 , admitted to daily mail online he was man at center of complaints when he went to see his older girlfriend .     one complaint said woman was screaming ` oh yeah , oh , do it to me ' and frustrated neighbor said today : ' i can hear them all over the apartment '     he says : ' i do n't understand why - other people make louder noises ' and she says : ` i 'm not hurting anyone ' - and she 's four months pregnant .
leah rogers , 20 , and ryan flanaghan , 22 , bought bear in bude , cornwall .     they realised it was one of 100 1st edition princess diana di beanie babies .     range created in 1997 to raise money for princess of wales memorial trust .     couple listed bear for # 20,000 on ebay and hope to raise money for house deposit .
jessica hardy , 23 , has tattoo with ex-boyfriend 's name on her forearm .     did n't read kit instructions and applied chemical to skin without diluting .     caused her skin to blister and burn but still left her with unsightly tattoo .     mother-of-one 's story featured on tattoo disasters on channel 5 .     tattoo disasters is on channel 5 's spike tuesdays at 9pm .     extreme beauty disasters is on tlc thursdays at 8pm .     tattoo nightmares is on trutv on mondays at 9pm .
justine miliband reveals how she met future labour leader at dinner party .     but she was ` furious ' when she discovered he was dating the party hostess .     mr miliband was at the time seeing newsnight editor stephanie flanders .     she was just a number of women he dated from the same privileged clique .
liberty island evacuated by boat around 12:30 pm friday , officials said .     bomb threat made by 911 who said ` they would blow up the statue '     police dog unit sniffed out potential explosive in locker on island .     but a full security sweep determined that it was a false alarm .     area was deemed safe at 4:30 pm , but island remained closed .     2,700 tourists were removed from the island ; had tickets refunded .
little foot was unearthed in the 1990s in south africa .     new dating of fossil shows it is is roughly 3.7 million years old .     lived at roughly the same time as australopithecus afarensis , the species whose most famous fossil , known as lucy , comes from ethiopia .     raises the question of how many other species there may have been .
ryan burns of eureka , california , said he could barely believe his eyes when he went out to investigate where the beeping was coming from and caught the pooch in action .     youtube user , flying humboldt , has stepped forward as the dog 's owner .     the 15-year-old said he was with his mom and they left the pet in their suv with the sunroof slightly ajar - the pet also had access to food and water .
toby huntington-whiteley , 25 , and cricketer flintoff , 37 , model in campaign .     men 's clothing brand jacamo caters to larger and taller men .     sportsman flintoff has been face of brand for 4 years .     this is second tv ad job for dorset boy toby .
increased demand for coloured stones has seen their prices soar .     value of diamonds has been vastly overtaken by sapphires and rubies .     auctioneers are now branding them a better investment than diamonds .     celebrities such as kate middleton have driven the craze .
50-year-old man died after suffering a suspected heart attack on holidays .     he collapsed after ordering breakfast at a restaurant in 101 legian hotel .     the dead man is believed that he was from seymour in victoria .     an autopsy has still to be carried out to find the exact cause of death .     the man had earlier told a waitress he was not feeling well .     kuta is a holiday destination loved by australian tourists .
tommy cox from colchester looks just like prince george of cambridge .     both two-year-olds have the same rosy cheeks and a similar hairstyle .     even tommy 's mother - who is also called kate - thinks they look alike .     while he looks like george , tommy 's mother admits her son 's behaviour sometimes falls rather short of regal .
appeared on russian television today looking tanned and wrinkle-free .     russian president disappeared for 10 days last month with no explanation .     rumours for years that president has undergone facial cosmetic surgery .
the queen was pictured on her annual visit to newbury 's opening .     her richard hannon-trained two-year-old ring of truth went close to a win .     the 7-1 shot was making her debut in the al basti equiworld maiden stakes .
gwyneth paltrow filed for divorce from chris martin a year after splitting .     our sexpert says there 's much to applaud in their civilised separation .     but says aspects of their ` conscious uncoupling ' should be avoided .
photographer james oatway captured a violent attack that resulted in death of a mozambican in south africa .     seven people have been killed in recent violence against poorer immigrants , many from south africa 's neighbors .
poppy smart , 23 , accused builders of sexual harassment for wolf-whistling .     compared it to racial discrimination and asked other women to speak out .     building firm claims cctv footage proves it was not one of their workers .     police investigated ms smart 's complaint but took no further action .
jaclyn methuen and ryan ranellone moved into their marital home together on last night 's episode of the fyi reality show .     30-year-old jaclyn , from union , new jersey , nearly left her new husband at the altar because she was n't physically attracted to him .     the couple 's new one-bedroom apartment is in astoria , queens .
nicklaus , a six-time winner at augusta , added another glorious moment to his glittering masters career with an ace on the fourth .     the 75-year-old saw his shot sail beyond the flag before spinning back into the cup .     the crowd roared in celebration with several players stopping their round to cheer the golden bear .     colombian camilo villegas later eclipsed nicklaus ' achievement , hitting two aces during his round .     villegas was beaten in a play-off by world no 74 kevin streelman .
nyc cop robert hugel discovered his parents jerry , 83 and marianne hugel , 80 , dead in their queens home with ` carbon monoxide poisoning '     the elderly couple was found dead along with neighbor gloria greco , 70 , and friend walter vonthadden , 76 .     it appeared the car was accidentally left running in the garage , but it was unclear for how long , investigators said .     neighbors say the couple were happily married for 60 years .
conchita is star of life ball 2015 poster .     shot by legendary ellen von unwerth .     event is biggest charity event in europe supporting people with hiv or aids .     previous guests include bill clinton and antonio banderas .
celtic beat dundee 2-1 away at den 's park on wednesday night .     the win sees them extend their lead at the top of the scottish premiership .     gary mackay-steven set the bhoys on their way with a cool first-half finish .     virgil van dijk scored a stunning free-kick in the second-half .     jim mcalister grabbed a late consolation for the home side on 87 minutes .
a powerful storm capsized several sailboats participating in a regatta , and crews searched for at least four people missing in the waters .     dauphin island mayor jeff collier said that at least one person was confirmed dead , but he did not know the cause .     ` it 's been a very tragic day , ' michael smith , with the buccaneer yacht club .     the identities of those who are dead and missing have not yet been revealed .
hattie gladwell , 19 , blogs about her experience of living with an ostomy bag after undergoing emergency surgery for ulcerative colitis .     she is calling for a new anti-smoking advert to be banned because it warns that they might get colon cancer and be forced to use a bag like her .     ' i am utterly disgusted that they feel they can advertise a quit smoking campaign with something that has saved so many lives ' she wrote .     she complains that the ad suggests people who use bags have brought the condition on themselves .
photographer andres figueroa spent a week in one of the driest places on earth .     he took portraits of chileans who dress up in costume for popular religious festivals .
carwyn scott-howell plunged to his death while skiing in flaine , france .     seven-year-old 's body expected to be brought home this weekend .     state prosecutor concludes schoolboy 's death was a ` tragic accident '
bbc commentator peter alliss hits out at new equality rules .     alliss claims ladies golf union has lost 150,000 members from changes .     veteran broadcaster also hits out at bbc for failing to keep the open .
mother-in-law is often jokingly portrayed as least favourite family member .     poll on modern families reveals this is a reality for almost a quarter of brits .     they said their pet dog was more important to them than their in-laws .     research found households where children had multi-parental figures was also on the rise .
two out of three versions of the apple watch have sapphire glass screens .     test showed how durable the material made from synthetic crystals is .     endured being sanded , keyed , rubbed , struck by a hammer and drilled .
amber rachdi , 24 , weighed an unhealthy 46st at her heaviest .     student , from oregon , was confined to her home and was always in pain .     has turned her life around after having bariatric surgery .     ms rachdi has shed an impressive 20st and weighs 26st -lrb- 377lb -rrb- .     amber rachdi appears on my 600lb life , thursday at 9pm on tlc .
grayson hand , 5 , joined the huskies as part of team impact , which matches children with life-threatening illness with college teams .     hand 's sister sophie , 7 , will be an honorary cheerleader .     hand has been given his own locker and is welcome at every game and practice .
graeme dott had to play three best-of-19-frame matches to qualify .     he overcame ricky walden 10-8 in first-round crucible clash .     but former world champion fears exhaustion will ruin his bid for 2015 title .     meanwhile , john higgins impressed with a 10-5 victory over robert milkins .
the everglades were drained a century ago and are now being restored .     `` the wonder list '' season finale takes places in the everglades .
drug is made from same version of stimulant used to produce bath salts .     flakka can be injected , snorted , smoked , or swallowed .     it causes euphoria , hallucinations , psychosis and superhuman strength .     high lasts for couple hours and users have strong desire to re-use .     more than 670 flakka occurrences in florida in 2014 , up from 85 in 2012 .
david cameron to announce extension to right-to-buy housing policy .     pm will extend the right-to-buy to all housing association tenants .     discounts of up to 70 per cent to allow all families in housing association properties to buy their home .
police say victor white iii and jesus huerta shot themselves while handcuffed in cars .     report : police ignored jorge azucena 's complaints that he had asthma and could n't breathe .     kelly thomas died five days after he was beaten by police in fullerton , california .
daniel pena set up an elaborate proposal to ask his girlfriend to prom .     teen erected signs : ` alex will you marry lol jk go to prom with me '     but not realizing they were for her alex blasted the proposal as 's **** y '     when the penny finally dropped she was so mortified she burst into tears .
the rv flip looks like it might be an april fool , but it as been working hard for more than 50 years .     the 355-foot vessel can flip 90 degrees in 20 minutes allowing researchers a unique opportunity to study the ocean .     the vessel does not have its own form or propulsion and relies on tugs to tow it to the area of study .     the rv flip was commissioned in 1962 and can sit still in heavy seas with more than 300 feet beneath the waves .
an arrest warrant has been issued ben cousins after he failed to show up in court .     cousins , 36 , had been on bail for an alleged low speed police chase on march 11 .     he was charged with reckless driving , failing to stop and refusing a breath test .     cousins has been involved in a string of bizarre incidents in the weeks since which have seen him hospitalised for mental health checks .
former staff sgt. charlie linville , 29 , from boise , idaho , was an explosives expert serving in afghanistan in 2011 when he was seriously wounded .     two years later , he had his right leg amputated below the knee .     he retired from service and has been climbing since with the heroes project , a nonprofit organization that helps wounded veterans .     his quest to climb everest last year was thwarted following the deaths of 16 sherpa guides in april when an avalanche swept down .
david letterman made the joke while warming up his late show audience .     college staffer asked what advice the ` scandal-scarred ' comic could give .     the host told them ` treat a lady like a wh -- e , and a wh -- e like a lady '     joke was met with stunned silence with some branding it ` disrespectful '
alaa abdullah esayed posted 45,600 tweets supporting isis to followers .     some posts included pictures of the dead bodies of jihadi fighters .     others quotes a poem advising parents how to raise children to be violent .     esayed , 22 , could face 14 years in prison after she admitted encouraging terrorism and disseminating terrorist publications .
chloe the wombat has lived at sydney 's taronga zoo since june 2014 .     she was rescued after her mother was killed by a car .     she was recently moved into new digs with a couple of echidnas .     when she 's not napping she follows zoo keeper evelyn weston around .
coutinho hit the only goal of the game as liverpool beat blackburn .     they will meet aston villa in the semi-finals a week on sunday .     liverpool skipper henderson had not slept the night before the game as his wife gave birth to his second daughter .     boss brendan rodgers revealed henderson had no thoughts about missing the match .     ` he said to me , `` boss , as soon as the baby 's out , i 'll be coming back '' , ' rodgers explained .
jose mourinho was speaking ahead of chelsea 's visit to arsenal .     he made an effort to play down talk of not respecting arsene wenger .     but mourinho was stunned by a cleverly worded question regarding his clashes with wenger and chelsea 's title bid .     mourinho : cesc fabregas chose chelsea over arsenal to win trophies .     click here for arsenal vs chelsea team news and probable line ups .
aston villa have sent scouts to watch cordoba striker florin andone .     the romanian has been the bright spark for la liga 's bottom side .     bakary sako and tom carroll are also another targets for tim sherwood .     click here for all the latest aston villa news .
150 years ago on april 9 , confederate general robert e. lee surrendered at appomattox court house .     douglas brinkley : the spirit of that event is something to keep in mind for today 's divided america .
april 25 , 2015 marks the centenary of the start of the gallipoli campaign in turkey during wwi .     anzac troops stormed the beaches at gallipoli , beginning a bloody eight-month campaign .
jet set candy 's marry british royalty spinner charm comes in 14k gold vermeil and sterling silver and retails for $ 198 and $ 148 , respectively .
port , phone app and photo-sharing project were barred from using anzac .     the church of scientology and woolworths used it without permission .     they were reprimanded by the department of veteran affairs for using it .     but the afl and victoria bitter were permitted as they donated to the rsl .     penalties for misuse include 12 months imprisonment for serious breaches .     individuals could be fined $ 10,200 , while organisations face a $ 51,000 fine .
massive 7.8 magnitude earthquake has struck nepal near its capital , kathmandu .     as the death toll rises , witnesses describe devastation and panic .
allotment holders moved elsewhere after prize-winning plots bulldozed .     gardeners say soil at new allotments is so poor they ca n't grow a bean .     they are demanding the council pays out compensation for the problems .     oldham council say new site is not due to be ready for growing until may .
nepal civil war aftermath inspired maggie doyne to help children .     doyne 's blinknow foundation supports a home for 50 children and a school that educates hundreds more .     do you know a hero ? nominations are open for 2015 cnn heroes .
duke of kent spotted leaving hospital with a walking stick after hip injury .     the queen 's cousin dislocated his hip while staying at balmoral for easter .     79-year-old was taken to aberdeen royal infirmary and discharged today .
elected diversity officer bahar mustafa caught in racism and sexism row .     facebook picture shows her faking tears in front of a ` no white men ' sign .     she was criticised after planning diversity meeting that banned white men .     goldsmiths university students arranged meeting to ` diversify curriculum '
manchester city have slipped out of title race in a disappointing season .     joe hart admits premier league champions are ` not where they want to be '     city no 1 claimed loss to manchester united was particularly tough to take .
gary ballance hit 122 on day four of the first test in antigua on thursday .     ballance had a disappointing world cup scoring just 36 runs in four games .     england declared on 333 for seven , setting hosts a target of 438 to win .     west indies closed on 98 for two heading into the final day .
e! plans to air a new jenner reality show this summer .     it will follow his transition from male to female .
ebola tests for a senior doctor has come back negative for the virus .     doctor john parker has been working at an ebola clinic in sierra leone .     nsw health said he had developed flu-like symptoms on saturday .     dr parker was assessed at a sydney hospital as a precaution .
indonesia executed eight prisoners including two australians on wednesday .     two of `` bali nine '' were killed despite australia 's pleas for mercy .     all around the world , innocent people being killed by the state in our name , writes mark beeson .
angela merkel and husband spotted while on italian island holiday .     chancellor has been staying in the same village and hotel for years .     the five-star spa hotel where she vacations cost up to # 280 a night .     mrs merkel has been ejoying pilates classes and ` healthy meals '
nasa is on track to launch the james webb telescope in three years .     telescope will be able to see back to 200 million years after the big bang .     it will be 100 times more powerful than hubble with mirrors 3 times larger .     astronomers hope the telescope will help further the search for alien life .
family of american medic killed posts message on facebook says she died while at base camp .     at least 13 die after avalanches at mount everest base camp , authorities say ; climber says 17 dead .     dining tent at one base camp has been transformed into a hospital , another hiker says .
bird watchers photographed the rare bird near british raf base at akrotiri on the island 's south coast .     the last recorded sighting of a black flamingo was in israel in 2014 .     dark colouring thought to be caused by genetic irregularity where it can generate more melanin than usual .
paul mccartney honors ringo starr at rock and roll hall of fame induction ceremony .     green day , lou reed , joan jett & the blackhearts also honored .
madonna 's new handbag is emblazoned with the slogan ` dealer '     rihanna has been seen with purses covered in guns and cannabis leaves .     other offensive designs include male genitalia , knives and knuckledusters .
james schoenfeld who kidnapped 26 children and their school bus driver in chowchilla nearly 40 years ago was granted parole on wednesday .     schoenfeld , 24 at the time , his brother , richard , and a friend , fred woods , were convicted of the 1976 caper .     the kidnappers were inspired by the 1971 film clint eastwood film dirty harry in which the antagonist kidnaps a school bus for ransom .     they kept the children ` buried alive ' in trailer that had been buried into a hillside while they negotiated a ransom .     parole date has not yet been set and the decision could take months .
visitor numbers to the spanish port are soaring and they are set to rise .     pop-up gallery , centre pompidou malaga , opened this week , in a giant cube .     a museum of fine arts and archaeology will open to the public in 2016 .
stuart dallas scored either side of half-time for brentford .     the 23-year-old opened the scoring in the 24th minute before adding a second just before the hour mark at craven cottage .     ross mccormack scored a penalty to pull a goal back for fulham .     alan judge came off bench to score brentford 's third in injury time .     jota added a fourth for the visitors late in the game .
some 276 girls were kidnapped from their school in northeastern nigeria by boko haram a year ago .     mass abduction prompted global outcry , with protesters around the world under the #bringbackourgirls banner .     charles alasholuyi has held up a #bringbackourgirls sign almost every day since , to keep up awareness .
the pandas mated for a record-breaking seven minutes and 45 seconds .     lu lu has been bestowed the nickname ` the enduring brother ' by admirers .     lothario panda ` lasts longer in bed than the average american male '
prime minister opts for cutlery as he eats bbq food on a visit to dorset .     dining etiquette designed to avoid ed miliband 's bacon sandwich disaster .     tory leader uses interview to admit he had a ` privileged upbringing '     insists he will not change the way he speaks or behaves to win votes .
researchers at brown university studied how people learned tasks .     it has already been shown gamers learn visual tasks better .     but in this study they had higher performance across two tasks .     ` they may be in an expert category of visual processing , ' said dr sasaki .
johan bavman photographed fathers in sweden , which has generous parental leave .     sweden 's policies encourage fathers to take just as much leave as mothers .
steven finn was left out of the england squad for the west indies tour .     the middlesex quick bowler has regained form after a tough 12 months .     finn said he 's back to bowling like he was as ' a carefree 21-year-old '     his last of 23 test caps came for england back in 2013 .
art lovers flock to the city of canals set on a lagoon in the adriatic every two years for the 6-month cultural festival .     the atmospheric waterways and majestic buildings meant it was chosen by the clooneys for their nuptials .     the clooneys ' favourite hotels are some of the the most beautiful in italy - but they do n't come cheap .
lewis hamilton , 30 , sealed victory in shanghai at chinese grand prix yesterday , his second win in three races .     he celebrated with ` trademark ' move of spraying champagne in the face of the hostess - much to her surprise .     but object , which campaigns against sexism , said he should apologise for his ` selfish and inconsiderate ' actions .     others called the driving ace ` an embarrassment to the uk ' , while another said it showed he was an ` ignorant clown '
maureen mcdonnell 's attorneys argued her corruption conviction should be overturned because it was based on overly broad definition of bribery .     mcdonnells were convicted in a joint trial in september of accepting more than $ 165,000 in gifts and loans .     bob mcdonnell was sentenced in february to two years in prison and his wife to one year and one day .
peanuts can increase the levels of friendly bacteria in the gut .     almonds are rich in vitamin e , which helps improve the look of your skin .     walnuts have lots of plant-based omega 3 fatty acids and antioxidants .
humans of new york shared a picture of a girl called beyoncé .     she expressed her annoyance of sharing a name with a celebrity .     the photo encouraged thousands of facebook users to comment .     each shared their experiences of having an embarrassing name .
getty 's death appears to be natural causes or accident , coroner 's office says .     mother and father of andrew getty confirm death , asks for privacy .
paul hellyer served as canada 's defence minister from 1963 to 1967 .     he made the comments during a speech at the university of calgary .     hellyer says aliens have ` been visiting our planet for thousands of years '     many walk among us , he claims , but it can be difficult to tell them apart .
daisy , 26 , stars in new rodial beauty shoot .     shares the secrets behind her flawless look .     has been partying in coachella with famous friends over the weekend .
lady sasima srivikorn and sir john madejski are co-owners of reading .     they are preparing to take the club to wembley on saturday night ; reading 's first fa cup semi-final since 1927 .     lady sasima is something of an eccentric - she is a singer and composer who , in september , had ' 100 bullets from an m16 ' shot at her house .     the pair have a long-term ambition to take reading to the premier league .
ben hiscox , 30 , was playing for stoke gifford united in bristol on saturday .     he slid on wet ground and ploughed into the building after going for a ball .     striker was rushed to intensive care but died three days later from seizures .     club spokesman said : ` no one is blaming anyone . it was a tragic accident '
fairdale , a town 80 miles northwest of chicago , was virtually flattened when the vortex hit on thursday evening .     residents were bused back to their homes by the dekalb county sheriff 's office in a bid to salvage what they could .     officials reported that 17 of the 50 buildings in the town are completely destroyed while the other 33 are damaged .     geraldine m schultz , 67 , and jacklyn k. klosa , 69 , were killed inside one of the homes by the storm .
ellie , ten , and taylor , five , advertised about collecting eggs on facebook .     wanted treats to give to hospital in sheffield in memory of their brother .
the government will announce radical immunisation reforms on sunday .     they will cut benefits from parents who do n't immunise their children .     these include family tax benefit a as well as childcare assistance .     scott morrison said rules around welfare payments need to be ` tightened '     he said immunisation should be a prerequisite to access tax payer money .
pit crew member todd phillips was hit by a car on sunday during the inaugural indycar grand prix of louisiana .     he was injuried when he was struck by the car of francesco dracone , who had come in on lap 25 for tires and fuel .     phillips received stitches for a cut on his leg and has been released .     dracone did not finish the race and wound up 23rd .
denis cuspert sings ` in germany the sleepers are waiting ' in the video .     he also says ` put an end to the filthy ones ' in the three-minute production .     cuspert was compared to nazi minister for propaganda joseph goebbels .
a series of pictures show body-painted models camouflaged in woodland .     the pieces of art are by jörg düsterwald , 49 , from hameln , germany .     he takes hours to paint the models into every nature scene .
patients flood hospitals in nepalese capital after devastating earthquake .     cnn 's dr. sanjay gupta helps with girl 's operation at nepalese medical team 's request .     `` this is as bad a situation as i 've ever seen , '' gupta says .
andrew has made his first official visit since sex claims were thrown out .     the duke visited the akzonobel paint factory in slough , berkshire .     appeared visibly relieved and was on noticeably cheerful form .     claims were thrown out by judge kenneth marra last wednesday .     virginia roberts claimed she had been forced to have sex with the duke .     andrew has always vehemently denied the allegations are true .
a new reddit thread asked users to submit their experiences .     many men were disappointed with their mail-order brides .     meeting a woman this way can cost up to $ 50,000 -lrb- # 32,700 -rrb- or more .
hodor is a character in game of thrones who only speaks a single word .     expert says he may have the neurological condition expressive aphasia .     this is where there is a lesion in the part of the brain that controls speech .     condition usually caused by a blow to the head , stroke or a tumour .
journalists are known for being a fund of good stories .     robin esser has worked in newspapers for 60 years and is no exception .     in his new book he reveals the inner workings of fleet street as it was .
a sting set up by the nypd shows weinstein did n't deny touching italian model ambra battilana , it has been claimed .     she alleges he asked her for a kiss and then groped her during a ` business meeting ' at his manhattan office on friday night .     a source claimed during the recorded conversation set up under the watch of the nypd , he did not deny touching her .     the hollywood producer has denied the allegations and has spoken to police , who have not filed charges .
ambra battilana , 22 , did not ` co-operate ' with authorities for four days .     has been claimed delay was because she wanted to try and land a film role .     but once that came to nothing , she decided to pursue the criminal case .     sting by nypd shows weinstein did not deny touching her , it is claimed .     he denies allegations and has spoken to police , who have not filed charges .
as william and kate await the arrival of their second child , speculation is rife as to what he or she will be named .     royal expert victoria arbiter argues that naming a newborn princess after diana would put too much pressure on her .
hernandez was moved on wednesday to the maximum-security souza-baranowski correctional center in shirley , massachusetts .     he had been at cedar junction prison in walpole since he was convicted april 15 of killing 27-year-old odin lloyd in 2013 .     souza-baranowski is massachusetts ' newest and most advanced prison .     hernandez 's cell will have a bunk , writing desk and stool , a combination sink and toilet and room for a tv , if he wants to spend $ 200 .
iceberg fractured from getz ice shelf and moved into the amundsen sea sometime in mid - to late-february .     region is losing ice faster than anywhere on the continent and is the largest contributor to rise of sea levels .     scientists are combining images such as this with noises from icebergs to detect how glaciers are melting .
rob kardashian , 28 , has taken disappeared from the media spotlight .     his sister khloe says he has ` social anxiety '     family discuss him in new episode of keeping up with the kardashians .
kyle schwartz , a third-grade teacher in denver , colorado , devised a new lesson plan last month .     hoping to learn about her students ' struggles outside the classroom , schwartz had them answer the question ' i wish my teacher knew ... '     after posting some of the affecting responses on twitter , teachers across the nation started trying out the lesson and posted their own responses .
seven years ago , insurance saleswoman katia apalategui lost her father .     her grieving mother coped with loss by sniffing late husband 's pillowcase .     inspired her to come up with permanent way to capture person 's scent .     but bottles of loved ones perfume will set customers back # 400 a bottle .
the one-touch-911 app was developed by researchers at mit , harvard .     users call the police , fire service , report a car crash or seek medical help using buttons on the phone 's home screen .     it automatically sends a person 's location , identity and any medical details .     this works even if the user does n't have mobile signal or ca n't speak .
terry mccarty , 29 , suffered burns to 70 % of his body in childhood accident .     endured 58 operations and taunts from bullies calling him freddy krueger .     for years after accident he lived in ` constant state of fear and uncertainty '     he joined the fire service in 2012 after refusing to let ` fear take over my life '
the plans were revealed in a leaked memo from apple boss tim cook .     he thanked staff for their help and offered employees a 50 % discount .     this discount applies from friday and will last for 90 days .     apple staff already receive discounts on all products at around 30 % .
conor mcgregor believes floyd mayweather lacks skills other than boxing .     ufc star claimed he would ` kill ' the boxer in ` less than 30 seconds '     mcgregor takes on jose aldo for the featherweight title on july 11 .     mayweather is preparing to take on manny pacquiao in two weeks time .
maryland start-up promises to turn lager into craft beer with ` tea bag '     infusion sachet contains a blend of hops , fruit peels and natural spices .     after two minutes in a pint , the hop theory bag has created ` craft beer '     criticised by breweries for being misleading about what craft beer is .
chinese teenager li hao-tong emerged to take the lead on 12 under par .     overnight leader kiradech aphibarnrat two shots behind with two to play .     aphibarnrat forced a play-off to take his second european tout title .
leza davies had a boob job as her chest sagged after breast feeding .     in april 2012 , she knocked her right breast on a door and found a lump .     tests showed it was cancer so she had surgery removing her lymph nodes .     she became pregnant despite being told cancer treatment causes infertility .
motorised surfboards weigh just 15kg and travel at speeds of up to 33mph .     capable of thrusting riders into the air off waves and the wake from boats .     contraption , made in czech republic , is powered by a two-stroke engine .
louise henderson , 49 , moved to yemen 27 years ago to work as a teacher .     her family are now caught up in fighting in the country 's capital , sanaa .     she is currently hiding below her home with her two young daughters .     miriam , 11 , and ayesha , nine , have pleaded for the bombing to stop and for their family to be evacuated to the uk .
prince william is due to attend the ceremony at the cenotaph on april 25 .     palace sources have confirmed that kate 's due date is the same day .     the duke committed to the commemorations in february , said aides .     he is currently training for his new job as an air ambulance pilot .
molly hennessey-fiske , los angeles times reporter , received letter .     messages supposedly sent from durst at louisiana prison .     murder suspect discusses his time in la and the problems of traffic .     durst blames ` politicos and business leaders ' for city 's lack of pro football .     lawyer says it looks like his client 's handwriting , but it is different from ` cadaver ' letter after murder of susan berman , of which durst is accused .
james ward , 31 , attacked at his home by two intruders wielding an axe .     horrific attack severed one finger and left him needing 38 staples .     mr ward says he is now too scared to return home and is in hiding .     man , 23 , charged with aggravated burglary and grievous bodily harm .     warning : graphic content .
tracy morgan was seen in public looking greatly improved as he walked with a cane on monday , almost a year after his horrific auto accident .     the actor , who suffered a traumatic brain injury as well as a broken leg , a broken nose and broken ribs , was seen walking with a slight limp .     morgan was accompanied by his fiancee megan wollover and their daughter maven for a shopping trip in new jersey .     this as his lawyer has revealed the actor may never return to ` the way he was ' as the extent of his brain injuries are still unknown .     three of morgan 's friends were injured and one , james mcnair , was killed in the crash that occurred when their bus was rammed by a wal-mart truck .     the driver of the truck , kevin roper , is facing a criminal case in new jersey , and morgan has filed a lawsuit against wal-mart .
roger varian says he has not lost faith in dewhurst stakes winner belardo .     belardo beat only one home in saturday 's greenham stakes at newbury .     varian 's determination to avoid fast ground means colt may head to france .     he is likely to target french 2,000 guineas rather than british equivalent .
zeke celello was devastated by clinton campaign and burst into tears .     zeke , who appears to be around two , insists he would be better candidate .     his mother , erin , eventually persuades him to go ahead with the run anyway .     policies are unclear , but he 'd like win the white house to ` play ... with toys '     unfortunately , u.s. constitution states that presidents must be at least 35 .
john roberts is at judicial crossroads as high court to hear key same-sex marriage case .     case could decide whether same-sex couples nationwide have constitutional right to marry .     chief justice disappointed conservatives earlier when he helped uphold obamacare .
underneath the polished manners lies a history of violence and rebellion .     new book ` the old boys ' by education expert offers fresh look at schools .     at winchester in 1818 a headmaster held hostage by axe-wielding boys .     david cameron is an old etonian , as too is oscar winner eddie redmayne .
google partnered with catlin seaview survey and the loch ness and morar project to capture the street view shots .     site has launched to mark the 81st anniversary of the ` surgeon 's photograph ' - an image of the mythical monster .     it lets people virtually explore above and beneath the water of the iconic waterway to the southwest of inverness .     there are more searches for loch ness than any other uk institution , and google 's doodle also marks the occasion .
sam holtz beat out 11.5 million entries to win the espn tournament challenge on monday .     this as he selected duke to win the ncaa title game , which they did by overcoming the wisconsin badgers 68 - 63 .     sam should now be eligible for the $ 30,000 grand prize of a $ 20,000 best buy gift card and an all-inclusive trip to hawaii this november .     sam , 12 , is not eligible however because age restrictions state that entrants must be 18 years old .     sam says he does not mind missing the prize , and though he is a little ` irritated ' he thinks the best idea if for espn to reward him with an xbox .     the sixth grader also shared one of his bracket tips ; ` just pick the team that you like and pick whoever you want '
peggy drexler : in interview to promote movie , robert downey jr. walked out after being asked personal questions .     she says his behavior was rude , demeaning to the interviewer , who was just doing his job .
exclusive : zinedine zidane has confirmed real madrid are keen on signing liverpool winger raheem sterling .     sterling has rejected the chance of signing a # 100,000 a week deal .     zidane has revealed real have been ` monitoring ' england ace sterling .     real monitored the likes of gareth bale and isco before completing deals .     read : liverpool may struggle to sign big names , says brendan rodgers .
ulster and ireland prop declan fitzpatrick has announced his retirement .     the 31-year-old was advised to on medical grounds following ' a number of concussive episodes ' in recent seasons .     medics and the guinness pro12 province referred him to a neurologist .     fitzpatrick was capped seven times by his country .
barry bonds has been cleared legally after 11 1/2 years in court .     when he answered a question about steroid injections by saying he was ' a celebrity child , ' he was convicted of obstruction of justice .     a federal court ruled his meandering answer before a grand jury in 2003 was not material to the government 's investigation into illegal steroids .
justin rose bounced back from florida misery by carding 69 in houston .     three-time masters champion phil mickelson enjoyed return to form .     paul casey celebrated last-gasp masters invitation with fine round of 68 .
national union of teachers discuss government strategies on extremism .     say it has ` shut down debate ' in the classroom on sensitive issues .     claim pupils feel censored and unable to express controversial views .     teachers also feel pressured to report youngsters for giving honest opinons .
christian longo has been writing letters to people from his death row cell .     believes ` some actions are so terrible that nothing can ever atone them '     in 2001 he killed his family , stuffed them into suitcases and dumped them .     three children and his wife mary jane were all found by police divers .     fbi tracked him to cancun where he was partying with a german woman .     was posing as shamed new york times reporter michael finkel .     he was brought stateside and sentenced to death at the end of month trial .     movie starring jonah hill and james franco about his relationship with the journalist has been released .
warning : graphic content .     hundreds gathered to see bodies of alleged killers paraded through town .     naked corpses went on show as student who hid in wardrobe was rescued .     cynthia cheroitich , 19 , had feared police were gunmen but emerged today .     terrorists killed 148 people in the garissa university college massacre .
radical claim was made by 58-year-old canadian , andre gignac .     spotted ` bunker ' in an image taken by the nasa rover opportunity .     ` you can see a person behind the bunker 's window , ' gignac claims .     nasa expert says the ` bunker ' is simply effect of shadows in the image .
leo greene , 39 , of salt lake city crashed through airport fence on monday .     police tried to stop the car with its bumper hanging before the chase .     greene was asked for his keys when he drove off and crashed into fences .     he jumped out of his car and ran to a shed before being forced to ground .     greene faces multiple charges including driving under the influence , fleeing and resisting ; he is also also being booked for property damage .     fence damages are estimated at $ 4,500 .
bon apetit have revealed the best way to revive a stale loaf of bread .     they say the trick is to run the bread under a tap and put it in the oven .     the result is a loaf that is soft on the inside and crusty on the outside .     lifesum nutritionist luvisa nilsson says the trick is safe .     however , you must make sure the loaf is not mouldy before going ahead .
tory chancellor mocks labour 's deputy leader as they share tv sofa .     harman refused to row back from ` posh ' attacks on the conservatives .     insisted tories are ` standing up for people at the top ' while others suffer .     osborne says that as ex-pupils of st paul 's , the ` attack sounds a bit thin '
sir bradley wiggins left team sky after paris-roubaix on april 12 .     tour de yorkshire begins in bridlington and finishes in leeds from may 1-3 .     wiggins ' eponymous team is completed by steven burke , mark christian , andy tennant , owain doull and jon dibben .
reanne evans is bidding to make snooker history .     she is three matches away from reaching the world championship .     no woman has ever played in the finals at the crucible .     evans 's first qualifier is against 1997 world champion ken doherty .
the four feet tall species of terror bird has been named llallawavis scagliai .     it was discovered in a crumpling cliff on a beach close to mar del plata city .     palaeontologists say it is the most complete terror bird skeleton ever found .     they have used 3d scanning to reconstruct the bird 's range of hearing .
apple launches its first smartwatch today - but its stores will not stock it .     online consumers must shell out $ 549 and then wait for a june delivery .     analysts believe apple feared lines for the new device outside their stores may have been embarrassingly small .     however , it is believed apple is sitting on some two million pre-orders .
sania mirza and martina hingis won the family circle cup in charleston .     the doubles pair beat casey dellacqua and darija jurak 6-0 , 6-4 .     mirza is the first indian female to top the doubles world rankings .
many little amusement parks are set up in the slum areas of pakistan on the outskirts of islamabad and rawalpindi .     the rides include merry-go-rounds , trampolines , carousels and basic swings .     children who have been forced out of their villages due to fighting shriek with delight whilst enjoying the rides .
georgina bartter 's best friend has pleaded guilty to a drug supply charge .     rebecca hannibal , 19 , was first charged with supplying ecstasy to ms bartter in december but originally pleaded not guilty .     police allege she purchased the ecstasy pills from matthew forti , also 19 .     ms bartter , 19 , died from a suspected ecstasy overdose in november .     she was taken to hospital after suffering multiple organ failure .
darwin woman natalia moon is nominated for a tv award in the philippines .     the 23-year-old stars in filipino sitcom ` ismol family ' which is entirely acted in filipino language tagalog .     born natalia stewart , the aussie calls herself ` the barbie from down under '     she has a legion of adoring fans who refer to her as ` the blonde filipino '
altamura man was discovered in a cave in lamalunga near altamura , italy .     researchers say the body has been in the cave for 128,000 to 187,000 years .     scientists have extracted dna that has confirmed bones are neanderthal .     they say dna might reveal new details about the evolution of hominids .
the animation was the work of joe penna and jeff schweikart .     penna , aka mysteryguitarman , was assisted by three people .     project took the group between three-to-four days to complete .     video features a robot finding love of his life on another planet .
deputy leader harriet harman said policy would help millions of families .     but proposal is likely to meet with backlash from some business leaders .     critics will argue firms can not cope with more rights for employees .
the leaked memo was written by apple 's retail chief angela ahrendts .     she said she expects online orders ` to continue through the month of may '     and added it had not been an easy decision and would provide more updates as the firm gets ` closer to in-store availability '
tv chiefs have announced drama poldark will return for second season .     about 8.1 million people on average tuned in to watch each episode .     second series will be based on winston graham 's third and fourth books .
choupette earned # 2million in fees and has over 100,000 twitter followers .     french cats earnings outstripped those of supermodel cara delevingne .     karl lagerfeld compared his pet to hollywood legend ` greta garbo '
los angeles kings forward jarret stoll was arrested friday on drug possession charges .     the nhl star was caught in the security line to the wet republic pool at mgm grand hotel .     andrews surfaced for the first time after her boyfriend 's arrest on saturday .     stoll 's charges include possession of class 1 , 2 , 3 and 4 controlled substances .     nhl security has been notified and kings are aware of situation as well .
vincent nogueira nets stoppage-time winner for union .     new york red bulls draw with dc united thanks to lloyd sam equaliser .     table-topping vancouver whitecaps lose to san jose earthquakes .
kevin spacey among celebrities who 've paid to get the domains removed .     youtube , bing , visa , bank of america and yahoo among others targeted .     us regulator will see if the actions of vox populi registry ltd. were illegal .     owners recommended to resell ' . sucks ' domains for around $ 2,499 a year .
debris from boat to be dried , inspected and taken to landfill .     the debris contained fish normally found in japanese waters .     the earthquake and tsunami hit japan in march 2011 .
video footage shows blaine taylor from aberdeen , scotland , competing against his older brother cody .     but as he goes to roll his egg down a grassy hill , he accidentally steps on it with shell and yolk mushed into the ground .     to date the toddler 's mishap has been watched more than 90,000 times .     in a bid to cheer the youngster up , a local newspaper headed to his family home armed with dozens of chocolate easter eggs .
easter is a key event in the christian faith , but where did the easter bunny come from ?     why is the date different every year , and what does it have to do with the moon ?
hayley okines , from bexhill , had the premature ageing condition progeria .     the disease ages the body - but not the mind - at eight times normal rate .     gives sufferers the appearance of an octogenarian with symptoms including baldness , arthritis and heart problems .     hayley defied odds to live 4 years longer than expected and died yesterday .
the crashed plane was a cessna 414 , national transportation safety board reports .     coach torrey ward , administrator aaron leetch among the 7 killed in the crash .     the plane crashed while coming back from the ncaa title game in indianapolis .
austria drew 1-1 against bosnia-herzegovina on tuesday night .     david alaba picked up a knee injury during the first half of the game .     alaba was out for three months earlier this season after he suffered a partial ligament tear in his right knee .
fernando alonso , 34 , signed a three-year deal with mclaren this year .     spanish driver says this will be his last venture in formula one .     mclaren have struggled for pace in first two grand prix of the season .     alonso says he expects success will come - it is just a ` matter of time '
molly wood , 74 , killed when car with its engine running ` lurched forward '     the pensioner was killed in tesco car park in pontefract , west yorkshire .     her younger sister was also injured as she went to get a parking ticket .
eight faculty members at columbia university penned an op-ed accusing dr oz 's on-air tactics of sullying the reputation of the ivy league school .     but they said he should not be forced to stepped down from his ` well-earned position ' at columbia because of these ` foibles '     it comes after 10 doctors called on columbia to fire oz for promoting ` quack treatments ' on his tv show , including weight-loss supplements .     the piece came as dr oz insisted his show would survive the criticism and said the doctors only attacked him for supporting gma labeling .
chris strodder 's the disneyland book of lists contains 200 lists of secrets about the magical amusement park .     learn how people spend 83 times more money at disneyland now than they did in the 1950s .     archive photos from imagineering disney show its changes over the years .
this page includes the show transcript .     use the transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary .     at the bottom of the page , comment for a chance to be mentioned on cnn student news . you must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the cnn student news roll call .
teens and young adults from mexico use social media to show off wealth .     they are known as mirreyes and are members of mexican high society .     one such individual , jorge alberto lópez amores , dove off yacht in 2014 .     lópez , 29 , asked friends to take video of stunt and was never seen again .     expert : ` the economic wealth mirreyes use is the main marker of class '     households in mexico take in an average of $ 12,850 per year after taxes .
leicester claimed three premier league victories in a row for the first time since september 2000 .     argentine forward leonardo ulloa scored the opening goal on 15 minutes before andy king netted a second late on .     despite the 2-0 win over swansea the foxes are still in the relegation places on goal difference .
on fm , norwegians can only find five stations .     digitally , there are four times that number .
aaron davis , head chef at the kitchen in florida , was killed while walking on saturday by suspected drunk driver jason lanard mitchell , police said .     mitchell , 25 , sped through several red lights before striking davis and his co-worker brian lafrance , who was treated and released from hospital .     ana granucci davis , 28 , wife of aaron , had second child andrew aaron lawrence on tuesday .     the couple , who married in 2013 , met four years ago and also have a 21-month-old daughter audrey .     mitchell faces several charges including dui manslaughter , vehicular homicide , aggravated fleeing and eluding and leaving scene of crash .
sir richard branson converted the old chapel into a home in the 1970s .     entrepreneur painted doors of the country retreat his trademark bright red .     four-bedroom home in south leigh , witney , is on the market for # 599,000 .     sir richard held parties at the chapel and was a regular at village shop .     fineandcountry.com , 01865 759550 .
william smith was 15 when he fell in love with marilyn buttigieg , then 44 .     met after he was invited round to play computer games with her son .     pair , from crawley , west sussex , say they have proved their critics wrong .     marilyn 's children have all but cut off contact with the loved-up pair .     marilyn , now 54 , left her then husband to be with william , now 25 .
tom george 's dog shelby got stuck by the great salt lake 's spiral jetty .     george had no cell phone reception and had to drive an hour to the nearest town for help .     but strangers who were planning to visit the famous earthwork sculpture instead spent over an hour to get the dog out .     veterinarians removed 40lbs off shelby , who has since recovered .
with room for 3600 , britannia is the largest ship built for the uk market .     p&o 's new ship has a gourmet edge , with a host of restaurants on board .     top chefs working with the ship include eric lanlard and mary berry .
cosmetic dermatologist to the stars fredric brandt was found dead at his coconut grove home in miami on sunday , aged 65 .     joy behar tweeted : ` dr brandt was one of the sweetest , nicest , most generous people i have had the good fortune to meet & work with . he will be sorely missed '     kelly ripa , posted : ` my heart is breaking for the loss of dr. fredric brandt . my friend . you will be missed forever and in my heart even longer '     colleague dr robert anolik , who worked with brandt at his clinic , posted a moving tribute on monday saying he had lost a ` close friend '     the city of miami police department confirmed that dr brandt 's death on sunday was a suicide by hanging .     brandt was said to have been ` devastated ' over rumors comparing him to a character on the show , unbreakable kimmy schmidt .
`` furious 7 '' pays tribute to star paul walker , who died during filming .     vin diesel : `` this movie is more than a movie ''     `` furious 7 '' opens friday .
running is often celebrated as a cheap sport to take up .     but it 's important to get right trainers to avoid injury and feel comfortable .     adidas latest ultra boost on sale for pricey # 130 .     budget supermarket aldi have a pair for # 19.99 .     so can our runner tell the difference ?
tyler walker came off the bench to score his first goal against brentford .     the 18-year-old is son of former england international des walker .     manager dougie freedman believes the forward has a bright future .
prime minister insists he will carry on focussing on economic message .     mr cameron has been criticised for running a lacklustre campaign .     tory donors have backed boris johnson to take over if the pm falls short .
u.s. navy moves aircraft carrier , cruiser to waters near yemen .     u.s. , allied ships prepared to intercept iranian vessel if they enter yemen 's waters .     iranian admiral says his country 's ships operating legally .
dontrell stephens was paralyzed from waist down after the 2013 shooting .     shot by palm beach county sheriff 's office deputy adam lin in florida .     then-20-year-old had nothing in his hand but a cellphone during incident .     state officials ruled the shooting was justified after an investigation .     lin returned to work just four days after the south florida shooting .     114 people shot at by a palm beach county sheriff 's deputy since 2000 .
on monday a nine-week-old puppy named lt. dan was given to three-year-old sapphyre johnson who is missing both of her feet .     ` he 's just like me ! ' sapphyre exclaimed with joy the first time she ever saw a photo of lt. dan .     ` he 's a special dog and he 's going to a special child , ' said an employee at shriner 's hospital .
darren mcgrady says the princes once tried to trick him into making pizza .     as children , william and harry forged note to the chef from their nanny .     they were apparently fed up with endless diet of traditional english food .     but mr mcgrady said their ` juvenile handwriting ' gave them away and they ended up with roast chicken .
jury selection has begun in oklahoma for the murder trial of chancey luna .     luna is accused of shooting dead australian baseball player chris lane .     lane , 22 , from melbourne , was jogging along a street in the rural southern oklahoma city of duncan in august 2013 when he was shot in the back .
father of autistic teenager kept christmas lights up to raise awareness .     but angry neighbour sent him abusive letter branding them ` an eyesore '     he now plans to switch them on to support autism awareness month .     former publican says he 'll keep them up until next year ` out of principle '
spotify believes it has identified the average age of midlife crises at 42 .     staff analysed data and found users aged 42 drop their usual playlists .     start listening to today 's chart toppers , such as rihanna and sam smith .
geraldine jones charged with murder , kidnapping , criminal confinement .     gary , indiana , woman , 36 , charged in death of samantha fleming , 23 .     fleming and daughter serenity were last seen in anderson on april 5 .     police say jones fooled fleming by posing as child-welfare worker .
sam griner was just 11 months old when his mother snapped him clenching his fist on the beach and posted the image online .     years later , she learned it had become the popular ` success kid ' meme .     sammy 's father , justin , has been on dialysis for six years and is in need of a kidney transplant so the family is now appealing for help .     they have set up a gofundme page to try to find him a kidney and to raise the $ 75,000 he will need for the procedure and medication .
french league president frederic thiriez did not shake players hands ahead of the league cup final .     bastia lost 4-0 to psg thanks to zlatan ibrahimovic and edinson cavani .     in 2012 , thiriez did not hand bastia their ligue 2 champions ' trophy .     saturday 's win led the parisian club to lift their fifth league cup trophy .
miliband 's approach was as choreographed as a torville and dean routine .     cameron kept firm hand on the leadership rudder and made no mistakes .     clegg 's smooth performance was a complete re-run of his 2010 routine .     farage was diminished during debate , perhaps the night 's only casualty .     sturgeon , wood and bennett took him down with series of small swats .     sturgeon 's speech about ` breaking up old boys network ' finished off coup .
mitchell keenan and his father keith were evicted from their family home .     they were forced to live in a tent during the winter on a local hill .     mr keenan 's toes turned black with frostbite and they were amputated .     warning graphic content .
armed isis fighters shown wandering the streets , shopping for new equipment .     knives , tunics and bandoleers appear to be high in demand for jihadists .     even young children are shown dressed in their own miniature jihadi uniforms .     the worrying photos come from the iraqi province of nineveh .
president barack obama 's spokesman refused to give reporters an update on the status of the meetings or scheduling .     ` the sense that we have is yes , that the talks continue to be productive and that progress is being made , ' he said .     speculation was swirling wednesday that negotiators were on the verge of a breakthrough as the french foreign minister rushed back to switzerland .     white house would n't talk about next steps if a deal could not be reached but admitted that a ` military option ' was on the table as well as sanctions .
brendan cordina found his granddad 's wwii medals at a nt museum .     he spent two years looking for jack slade 's medal 's believing they were lost forever .     a request to have them returned to the family was refused .     mr cordina was told that the museum needed them more than he did .     he has now started a petition to have them returned with 15,000 signatures .     director of the museum said mr slade asked for them to be left to the public in his will .
teresa james , 40 , believes the pain involved is worth it for a bright smile .     lisa arbiter , 33 , has bought high-strength bleach from america for 13 years .     donna billson started before her wedding last year and is already a convert .
thunderstorms with large hail are predicted for the midwest and the plains .     tornadoes could strike thursday night and friday .
francis coquelin superb in protecting arsenal back four at turf moor .     tom heaton does well in goal for hosts , but arsenal keep winning .     ben mee puts in excellent display at full back for burnley despite loss .
emily ratajkowski has become a global sex icon .     model and actress swears by hiking , yoga and occasional indulgence .     says that cooking using fresh ingredients is essential .     fits in her yoga classes a ` couple of time a week '
the 26-year-old mother was found sitting in her cubicle at ceva logistics in michigan with blood on her clothes .     co-workers heard moaning and found blood all over bathroom stall .     police arrived on the scene and discovered baby 's body stuffed inside mother 's bag beneath her desk .     medical examiner will determine whether or not the baby was born alive .
pippa was seen pounding the pavement on a long run in the london heat .     the 31-year-old is currently in training ahead of a 54-mile charity bike ride .     she kept cool in coordinating orange vest and adidas shorts .
man impregnated female friend using his sperm and a turkey baster .     robert preston boardwine had envisioned an active role in child 's life .     mother , joyce rosemary bruce , only wanted him to be ' a friend '     she believed that if she used turkey baster and avoided intercourse boardwine would have no parental rights .     but virginia court rules boardwine has the right to be involved as a parent .
families flee parts of western iraq amid continuing onslaught from isis fighters .     officials there say the iraqi government is failing to protect them .     thousands have been forced to grab what they can and head east toward the capital .
joel burger and ashley king have been engaged since october .     their engagement photo with a burger king sign attracted , and the company offered to pay for their wedding .
aaron ramsey starred when arsenal won the fa cup against hull in 2014 .     his extra-time goal helped arsene wenger 's side claim the silverware .     this time he is hoping to win it for his gran eileen who passed away .     welshman has dedicated his last couple of goals to her in memory .
officials have said no evidence to support screening for group b strep .     current guidelines only recommend testing women deemed to be ` at risk '     but screening at northwick park nhs hospital , london , resulted in not a single case of the bacteria spreading to infants .     only recorded cases during the year affected babies of women who had not agreed to be tested .
andrea lindsay , 43 , from prescot , merseyside , transformed her appearance .     downloaded # 4.99 easy loss ' virtual gastric band - lose weight fast app .     dropped from a size 18 to a size ten to 12 in just six months .     husband robbie 's colleagues thought he 'd traded her in for a new model .
david villa has rung the new york stock exchange opening bell .     he is enjoying his debut season playing for new york city fc .     villa has scored one goal so far for his new club .
tony blair has claimed his personal wealth does not make him ` super-rich '     in an interview , he said his earnings pay for ` infrastructure ' around him .     blair : ' i could not do what i do unless i was also able to generate income '     he earns millions of pounds a year from consultancy and public speaking .
yaakov naumi 's fascinating photographs include a man lying in an open grave in a ritual to prolong his life .     thirty-two-year-old naumi was raised in the israeli town of bnei brak and educated an ultra orthodox school .     he admitted some of the rituals , when viewed with the eyes of an outsider , ` look strange '
theresa dybalski , of lakawanna , new york , was given the lottery ticket inside a birthday card from a friend .     her friend who gave her the card died shorty after she won .     she received a lump-sum payment of $ 522,822 after taxes last month .     dybalski plans on sharing the money with her and her friend 's family and plans to address ' a couple issues around the house '
former president bought the san clemente , california house in 1969 .     paid $ 1.4 million for estate featuring main resident and satellite home .     hosted 17 heads of state there , including soviet leader leonid brezhnev .     moved out in 1980 and sold it to pharmaceutical ceo gavin s. herbert .
a new survey of newlyweds reveals britain 's changing wedding habits .     religious ceremonies have fallen by five per cent in the past five years .     18 per cent of couples are now choosing to honeymoon in the uk .
serena williams won her eighth miami open title on saturday .     she won the final 10 games in a 6-2 6-0 demolition in miami .     the unbeaten world no 1 has now won 12 consecutive finals .
new england patriots beat seattle seahawks 28-24 to win super bowl xlix .     patriots visited the white house on thursday to meet president obama .     tom brady was nowhere to be seen , citing ` family commitments ' as reason .     february 's super bowl victory was brady 's fourth in a glittering career .
adam lyth has enjoyed a meteoric rise from his early days with yorkshire .     he will now battle jonathan trott to be alastair cook 's opening partner at the first test in antigua on april 13 .     lyth has revealed how practising golf has helped to improve his concentration .     a young lyth also spent time trialing as a midfielder with manchester city .
durst , a convicted felon , charged with unlawful possession of a firearm .     he is accused of having a .38 caliber revolver and faces up to 10 years in prison .
victim had been fishing off palm beach 's jupiter inlet when he was bitten .     witnesses said blood covered the boat , he was bitten in the head .     unidentified victim was conscious when he was airlifted to hospital .
season 's first major , the masters , tees off thursday april 9 at augusta .     ian poulter forgot to bring his clubs ahead of his practice round .     tiger woods ' children will carry his bag during par three tournament .     henrik stenson played down his chances after coming down with flu .
around 30 people live a floating life in seattle 's sodo -lrb- south of downtown -rrb- area in their rvs .     there is one parking lot in particular where the owner lets them act as watchmen in exchange for a spot to live .     visual journalist anna erickson , who photographed the community , said they are just grateful to have a home .
resourceful firefighter rescued all six ducklings using realistic ringtone .     heartwarming clip sees him holding out phone while standing in the drain .     eventually he is able to grasp the agitated birds and pass them up to safety .     bizarrely , it was the louisiana fire station 's second duck rescue this week .
daniel morcombe 's killer could be freed early because of judge 's ` bias '     lawyer 's for brett peter cowan demand chief justice removed from appeal .     claim judge tim carmody had a friendship child protection advocate .     daniel , 13 , went missing in december 2013 after cowan abducted him .     cowan was found guilty and sentenced to life in prison in march last year .
twin sister of freddie gray asks for people to stop breaking things , scuffling with cops .     fans are permitted to exit camden yards after briefly being told to stay put .     12 people arrested during protests , police commissioner says .
two parrots were home alone when a fire erupted in boise , idaho .     started calling ` help ! ' and ` fire ! ' , crew thought they were human voices .     both were pulled from the wreckage and treated with oxygen masks .
hicks is charged in the deaths of three muslim college students in chapel hill , north carolina .     victims ' family members have called on authorities to investigate the slayings as a hate crime .
apple watch sport edition costs $ 349 -lrb- # 299 -rrb- and has an ion-x glass screen .     ` durable ' screen shattered when the watch 's face hit the ground first .     screen damage is not covered for free repairs in the apple watch warranty .     but another test has shown the device lives up to apple 's waterproof claims after it survived 15 minutes in a swimming pool .
two french tourists who tried to set a quokka alight on rottnest island .     the men allegedly ignited aerosol spray with lighter and singed the animal .     aged 18 and 24 , they were evicted from the island in western australia .     both have been charged for animal cruelty and appear in court on april 17 .
scientists at university college london took mri scans of comedians , barristers and radio hosts while they talked non stop for 30 seconds .     they had lower activity in key language centre of the brain than students .     it suggests ` super speakers ' require less effort to talk than other people .
gary fell from 147th most popular british name in 1996 to 1,001 st in 2013 .     reached height of its popularity in 1964 , when it was ranked 16th .     meanwhile , names including dexter and jenson are now in the top 100 .
rangers legend john brown insistent ally mccoist can return to the club .     the former gers boss left the club following speculation over ownership .     brown says that fans love him and would welcome him back at ibrox .
kevin perz , 56 , owns a construction equipment business in kansas city .     he has spent time over the years tracking down high school teachers and sending them checks to thank them for making an impression on him .     marilyn mecham taught perz home economics in 1977 at parkway central high school in chesterfield , missouri .     he sent her $ 10,000 and told her to spent it all on herself .     ` gratitude is something in this society today that we just do n't do enough of , ' mecham said of the gesture .
jihadists shown smashing shrines and statues in 2,000-year old city that was declared a world heritage site in 1987 .     isis thugs recorded on ladders using hammers and ak-47s to smash down historic relics on the ancient walls .     the fanatics claim relics are ` false idols ' which promote idolatry that violate their interpretation of islamic law .     authorities also believe they have been sold on the black market by the terrorist group to fund their atrocities .
researchers examined 4,200 studies and selected 11 weight loss plans .     included atkins , jenny craig , meal replacements and online support sites .     wanted to see how successful they were at first and in the long term .     very few plans had evidence they worked better than getting information elsewhere for free - or that they helped weight stay off permanently .
shares made popular in 1980s ` tell sid ' ads rise following sale of bg group .     value rose 30 % to 1,153 p after royal dutch shell indicated intention to buy .     # 47billion deal , one of the biggest takeovers , creates # 200billion company .
leonie granger , 25 , convinced mehmet hassan she was interested in him .     she went to his flat with him and let in her boyfriend kyrron jackson and his accomplice nicholas chandler .     they kicked hassan to death and stole some of his gambling winnings .     granger has been convicted of manslaughter as the two men were found guilty of murder .
historians are hoping the wanquan castle can be restored to its former glory , particularly its imposing outer wall .     fortress was built in 1393 and successfully repelled every attack that invading mongolian armies threw at it .     castle has huge historical , cultural and military significance and has key cultural relic status for chinese people .
mr scott , 50 , was gunned down by officer michael slager on saturday morning in charleston , south carolina .     singer janelle monáe said : ` this brought tears to my eyes . #walterscott reminds me of my uncle , family . can only imagine the pain his fam feels .     rapper big boi simply tweeted an image of a black square with the words : ' #walterscott '     slager has been charged with murder and could face the death penalty .
agnese klavina , 30 , vanished after being driven away from a spanish club .     older sister gunta made a video appeal for information on her whereabouts .     brits westley capper and craig porter were summoned to court on monday .
rbs has racked up # 50billion in losses since it was bailed out by taxpayers .     state-back giant warned that it faces ` another tough year ' to come .     lurched to a # 446million loss for the first three months of the year .
university of sheffield study found six different type of obese person .     heavy drinking males , young healthy females , affluent elderly , physically sick elderly , unhappy middle-aged and those with the poorest health .     hope their findings will help doctors create tailor-made treatments .     heavy drinking males .     young healthy females .     the affluent and healthy elderly .     the physically sick but happy elderly .     the unhappy and anxious middle-aged .     those with the poorest health .
brawl caught on video at langham creek high school , houston .     the mother , who has not been identified , was reportedly angry with the girl because she had allegedly been bullying her daughter .     a circle of students watch the brawl from the sidelines - the video was later posted on social media .
three-time nyc mayor is rumored to be have his sights on london .     sources in britain 's ruling conservative party said he could stand for them .     bloomberg has business interests , property and family in great britain .     incumbent boris johnson 's term will end in 2016 .
the seesaw was created by talented temecula-based carpenter kyle toth .     kyle placed the large trunk into natural split of tree and cut it down to size .     rope attached to one side of the seesaw helps people get on and off .     seesaw is made from raw material and sends occupiers to height of 25ft .
kieran lee 's second-half goal wins the game for sheffield wednesday .     alan judge missed a one-on-one chance to equalise for brentford .     brentford now sit outside the play-off places after a damaging defeat .
filip djuricic out with an ankle injury for southampton .     but steven davis and florin gardos back in contention for saints .     hull boss steve bruce could drop keeper allan mcgregor for steve harper .     david meyler suspended for tigers but tom huddlestone returns .
researchers ran a 10-hertz current through brains of 20 volunteers .     they wanted to stimulate alpha wave oscillations linked to creativity .     these oscillations are thought to be impaired in people with depression .     team are now hoping to use the technique to treat depressed people .
andy found fame in made in chelsea and dated louise thompson .     has his own line of surf-inspired city wear called jam industries .     models spring/summer collection on beachy shoot .
former everton and manchester city midfielder adrian heath is now manager of the newest mls team orlando city .     the 53-year-old has been has been in the united states for eight years and witnessed the boom of ` soccer '     heath says steven gerrard and frank lampard are in for a few culture shocks when they join the mls revolution .
chris rowe had been plagued by an irritating cough for six months .     31-year-old visited doctors five times in two months but was sent home .     despite the fact he was coughing blood , doctors diagnosed a simple virus .     an x-ray revealed an aggressive , inoperable lung cancer that has spread .
no official way out for americans stranded amid fighting in yemen .     u.s. deputy chief of mission says situation is very dangerous so no mass evacuation is planned .
india predicted to outpace china as as world 's fastest-growing economy in next year .     china 's economy is slowing after over 25 years of breakneck growth .     but experts say india simply ca n't size up against china 's raw economic might .
theodosia aresti , 71 , was horrified when sewage erupted from her bath .     the cause was a blocked pipe and her flat became filled with human waste .     sewage from 239 other flats spewed into her apartment .     tide of excrement soaked her carpet and left bedroom smelling ` foul '     was forced to sleep in sewage-filled flat for four days .     workmen eventually fixed the problem and replaced the carpet .     she says the experience left her needing counselling .     theodosia aresti appears on britain 's horror homes , tonight at 8pm on channel 5 .
tamara pacskowska pretended to be 76-year-old georgina bagnall-oakley .     tried to sell her # 1million bayswater mews home from under her nose .     recruited daughter-in-law monika brzezinska to translate agent meetings .     they planned to sell the home to fellow conman benjamin khoury , aged 26 .
gaioz nigalidze has been expelled from the dubai open chess tournament .     georgian champion was found using his phone in the middle of a match .     opponent grew suspicious when he kept making trips to the toilet .     tournament organisers then saw he had wrapped a phone in toilet paper .     found his match was being monitored in a chess application on the phone .
jockey blake shinn lost his pants while riding down the home straight .     ` the pants went ... and there was nothing i could do , ' he said afterwards .     shinn , atop miss royale , only managed to finish second in the race .     acting chief steward greg rudolph said he had never seen anything like it .
` mama ' june shannon and mike ` sugar bear ' thompson have filed a missing persons report after his older brother disappeared three days ago .     billy thompson was last seen on saturday at sugar bear 's home in mcintyre , georgia .     the family are especially worried because billy has been struggling to find work and recently suffered a difficult split from the mother of his children .     since april 11 he has n't been seen and he is n't returning phone calls or texts .
paula dunican paid # 25 for the baby blue coat at her local branch of asda .     when she took it home she noticed a ` seeping ' stain on the back of coat .     she then discovered the reptile 's crushed body on the garment 's lining .     the supermarket has apologised and offered her a # 40 voucher and refund .
floyd mayweather and manny pacquiao fight in las vegas on may 2 .     both men are nearing the end of their respective training camps .     singer mariah carey paid a visit to mayweather 's boxing gym .     pacquiao made his latest appearance on jimmy kimmel live !     read : floyd mayweather vs manny pacquiao tickets finally go on sale .     jeff powell : mayweather now the mature man who weighs words carefully .     click here for all the latest floyd mayweather vs manny pacquiao news .
gloucester beat exeter 30-19 to book their place in the challenge cup final .     the cherry and whites will face edinburgh at twickenham stoop on may 1 .     jonny may was overlooked for the last three rounds of the rbs 6 nations .
new york reports 160 hospitalizations related to synthetic marijuana .     gov. andrew cuomo issued a health alert .
council chiefs attached the leaflets which promoted recycling to green bins .     it told stratford-upon-avon residents what could and could not go in them .     but embarrassingly , a footnote on the poster read : ` this is not recyclable '
peter moore received the letter from hm revenue and customs last week .     wife debbie opened it while he was out and was left ` gobsmacked '     mr moore yesterday demanded an apology from the government .
irobot is creating wireless lawnmowers guided by radio waves .     gadget and observatories will both use the 6240-6740 mhz band .     astronomers say it could prevent them from detecting methanol .     irobot says chances of interference occurring are ` infinitesimal '
` right now , i 've had 11 hours of surgery . they 've tried . i ca n't see out of my right eye . and that 's okay , i can live with that , ' he said .     the 75-year-old former boxer says he was exercising in his new home in nevada when his exercise band ` slipped ' and spun him around .     ' i smashed my face into a cabinet so hard ... ' reid said .     the longtime lawmaker , upon announcing his retirement last month , insisted his departure from the senate was not related to the accident .     reflecting on his career , reid said he has ` no repentance ' for claiming mitt romney did n't pay his taxes because ` it is an issue that was important '
the image was taken at sebastian inlet state park near vero beach , florida , by john bailey .     bailey has said the bobcat caught the shark after entering the water .     the bobcat might have been scared by his presence , since it scampered off toward the woods and let go of its find .     a spokesman for the florida fish and wildlife conservation commission believes the image is genuine .
42 per cent of those polled said they support shale gas extraction .     greatest support among men and the over-65s , survey reveals .     results were hidden in footnote to a greenpeace press release .
dr sandra lee is a dermatologist at the skin physicians & surgeons practice in upland , california , and is a regular guest on talk show the doctors .     nearly 60,000 people subscribe to her youtube channel , in which she shares videos of herself extracting her patients ' zits and cysts .
paul downton became the latest casualty of england 's poor performances .     his exit came a day ahead of an ecb board meeting into his future .     he endured a traumatic time after replacing hugh morris after the ashes .     downton 's exit is not expected to be the last following poor world cup .
asia siddiqui , one of two femlae isis converts arrested in new york on thursday , had a jihad-themed poem published in an al qaeda magazine .     the poem , titled ` take me to the land where the eyes are cooled ' , is a gory account of her dream to become a martyr .     the poem was published by samir khan , an american citizen and one-time editor of al qaeda magazine inspire , who siddiqui met in 2006 .     khan wrote a how-to guide for bomb-making for inspire , which is believed to have been used by the accused boston bombers .     khan was killed in a 2011 drone strike in yemen .
sportsmail have teamed up with golfbidder for the giveaway .     the exclusive bundle includes a callaway xr driver , callaway xr 3 wood , callaway xr hybrid and a set of callaway xr irons .     a dozen callaway chrome soft golf balls is also included .     click here to enter the competition .
ines dumig 's photo series `` apart together '' follows a somali refugee living in germany .     the underlying themes include isolation and `` otherness '' and the search for human dignity .
a 12-year-old boy found the world 's largest european wasp nest ever found .     jordan waddingham made $ 20 from his mum for his startling discovery .     it measures at one metre tall and a circumference of three metres .     the nest was destroyed overnight when the wasps were dormant .     it took two days to remove the 90-kilogram nest from the ground .     the nest is being displayed at the queen victoria museum and art gallery .
john hinckley jr. has been dating a woman he met at a national association for the mentally ill meeting .     this was revealed during a hearing to determine if he should be released from the institution he has been at since shooting president reagan .     hinckley currently splits his time between st. elizabeth 's hospital in washington and his mother 's home in williamsburg , virginia .
dr omar saadi al-atraqchi , 42 , is a family doctor specialising in urology .     he was caught cutting holes in empty lynx shampoo bottles to hide an iphone inside so he could lay it in cubicles to secretly film men showering .     al-atraqchi said he secretly filmed men to ` let off steam ' because of pressure from his job and was found guilty of four charges of voyeurism .     he now faces a hearing to determine whether he will be struck off register .
map based on number of google searches containing the slur n **** r .     it reveals that clusters of racism appear in areas of the gulf coast .     it also appears in michigan 's upper peninsula , ohio and new york .     racist searches linked with higher death rates in black communities .
mohammad javad zarif has spent more time with john kerry than any other foreign minister .     he once participated in a takeover of the iranian consulate in san francisco .     the iranian foreign minister tweets in english .
the tiny garden gnome is signed by all four members of the iconic band .     it appeared with celebrities and world figures on 1967 sgt peppers artwork .     it was given to an assistant photographer following the shoot for the cover .     the cardboard garden ornament has been valued at # 17,000 by us experts .
ian madigan kicked five penalties for leinster .     leigh halfpenny replied with six three-pointers for toulon .     toulon lock ali williams was yellow carded during extra-time .     bryan habana raced away for a crucial try shortly afterwards .     leinster flanker sean o'brien crossed for a late consolation try .
adam gadahan was born in oregon in 1978 as adam pearlman .     was first american to be charged with treason since second world war .     converted to islam at the age of 17 while living in orange county , california .     a few years later he moved to pakistan and became an al qaeda propagandist .
a woman was allegedly kidnapped thursday in a loveland parking lot .     police said the woman told them she was forced into her car by a man .     in a 911 call , the woman claimed to have been kidnapped at gunpoint .     after driving him to estes park , the woman said she 'd been locked into her trunk by the man , police said .     she was able to use her cell phone and contact authorities .     officers got the woman out after finding her car keys .     a suspect has n't been found , authorities said .
steve ashton was horrified by the meal served to his mother joan , 81 .     the elderly woman lives in aneurin bevan court in duffryn , newport .     her son is campaigning for changes to ensure better food standards .     mr ashton 's photo of ` terrible ' serving of food was shared 129,000 times .     send your photos to jennifer.smith@mailonline.co.uk or call 02036150193 .
next summer thomson will launch the transformed royal caribbean 's splendour of the seas as the new ship in their fleet .     it has not been announced what she will be named yet .     transformation of ships is common , as shown by ms grand holiday becoming the magellan .
georgia davis lifted from specially-adapted flat in aberdare , south wales .     twelve emergency vehicles were at the scene and roads had to be closed .     french doors had to be removed to allow crews to winch the 22-year-old .     60-stone ms davis also had to be lifted from different home in 2012 by 40-strong team of builders , scaffolders and emergency services workers .
kyle walker joins hugo lloris on tottenham hotspur sidelines .     jan vertonghen a major doubt following illness .     alan hutton , ashley westwood and scott sinclair likely to be absent .     carles gil also set to miss out for aston villa but aly cissokho could return .
warning : graphic content .     journalist at russian tv channel step on landmine in east ukraine .     andrei lunev received serious head and lower extremities wounds .     six government troops and one rebel fighter dead after clashes overnight .
dylan miller is a senior at juniata college in huntingdon , pennsylvania .     he 's been living in a hut deep in the woods a half-hour walk from campus since september .     he has no plumbing or electricity in the hut and studies by lantern .     he hopes living in the hut will help him better understand henry david thoreau and ralph waldo emerson .
attorney : robert bates assumed the gun was a taser because he saw a laser sight on it .     harris family lawyers say there are stark differences between the gun and taser used .     in 2009 , an officer in california also said he mistakenly used his gun instead of a taser .
idyllic two-bed log cabin nestled down private country lane in new forest .     the 76sq ft hideaway is made entirely from timber imported from norway .     cabin encircled by 141,000 acres of forest and can be lived in all-year round .     its location near godshill , hants , means the cabin is worth more than twice what it would be worth elsewhere .
lewis hamilton won sunday 's barhain grand prix ahead of kimi raikkonen .     hamilton is out of contract at the end of the year and is yet to sign new deal .     it has been suggested that hamilton could replace raikkonen at ferrari .     but team principal maurizio arrivabene says he is happy with driver line-up .
luke shambrook was last seen leaving candlebark campground on friday .     there has been an unconfirmed sighting of luke with police acting quickly .     the 11-year-old was reportedly seen walking 4 kms from his campsite .     police remain hopeful they will find luke , who has ` high pain tolerance '     luke has limited speech and his family says he is probably confused .     a large search is being carried by a medley of search and rescue teams .     police also said conditions are favourable for his survival overnight .     they have issued an extensive description of luke and his clothing .
cassandra cassidy , 24 , shot outside rehab centre where she worked .     she had stopped to help two women who were ` afraid of men in a car '     fashion student was shot as a car with ` multiple occupants ' drove past .     boyfriend of two years describes her as ` avid supporter of human rights '
prince harry to arrive in australia next monday ahead of four-week stay .     will be australian soldiers in darwin , perth and sydney during trip .     prince will observe elite sas soldiers , and indigenous norforce troops .     the royal said to be excited for ` challenging and hectic ' schedule .     the trip is the last of prince harry 's military career before he retires .
pictures show the laugh out loud moment loved up tortoise takes a tumble .     photographed at kiev zoo , he falls flat on his back while trying to mate .     there are no second chances for the reptile who is left all alone in the mud .
raheem sterling at the centre of a second drugs controversy .     liverpool forward videoed passing out after inhaling nitrous oxide .     follows pictures on sunday of the 20-year-old puffing on a shisha pipe .     read : arsenal have doubts over signing sterling after latest controversies .     read : sterling pictured again with shisha pipe ... this time with jordan ibe .
the los angeles , california-based company has shuttered all of its 94 locations after switching to a web-only retail model .
japan 's top military official earnestly revealed that the country 's self defense force -lrb- sdf -rrb- had never encountered a ufo .     celebrity politician and former wrestler antonio inoki had posed a question concerning extraterrestrials to a government committee .
medical examiner ` found freddie gray 's catastrophic head injury was consistent with bolt in the back door of the police van '     police report suggests he was standing and fell head first into the door .     officer driving van has yet to give statement to police , sources claim .     report on freddie gray 's arrest and death handed to state 's attorney at 8.50 am et on thursday .     it includes admission that police van made a previously unknown stop .     police commissioner refused to elaborate on the information .
burnley host tottenham in the barclays premier league on sunday .     sam vokes ' only goal this season came against spurs in the fa cup .     tottenham defender ben davies ready for clarets test at turf moor .
author alice dreger sent 45 angry tweets during her son 's sex ed lesson .     could not believe michigan school was teaching abstinence only classes .     ` the whole lesson here is `` sex is part of a terrible lifestyle '' , ' she fumed .     principal coby fletcher denied the school has an ` abstinence only ' policy .
shell has filed a complaint in federal court in alaska seeking an order to remove greenpeace activists who climbed aboard an oil rig in the pacific .     the environmental group said in a statement its team would occupy the underside of the main deck of the polar pioneer .     the six activists are camping on the 38,000-tonne polar pioneer platform , which they boarded using inflatable boats from the greenpeace vessel ` esperanza '     ` we made it ! we 're on shell 's platform . and we 're not alone . everyone can help turn this into a platform for people power ! ' tweeted aliyah field .
beloved children 's performer lois lilienstein has died .     she was a member of cbc and nickelodeon tv stars sharon , lois and bram .     cnn independently confirmed with sharon and bram 's manager that lilienstein passed away at 78 of a a rare cancer .
it took jurors just an hour to convict susan monica on the murder charges on tuesday .     on monday , monica 's former cellmate testified in court and said she sent her a letter signed from ` the sweetest murderer in jackson county '     prosecutors said monica murdered two handymen who worked on her farm between 2012 and 2013 .     monica said she killed the first man , stephen delicino , out of self defense when he attacked her .     she says she later found robert haney being eaten by her pigs and shot him out of mercy .     however , she never reported either of their deaths to police .     the remains were found buried on her farm , with signs that they had been fed on by animals - most likely her pigs .
officers were seen running around as they attempted to catch the foal .     the incident took place around 10am on tuesday along interstate 35w .     traffic was backed up as a result .     sheriffs eventually caught the pony and returned him to his owner .
polish lady goska was volunteering at criadouro onça pintada .     she bottle fed a one-year-old rescued jaguar called perseu .     the big cat sits with her and drinks with great enthusiasm .     volunteer said that ` with time he became my good friend '
most victims of the disaster were high school students .     president park geun-hye promised to ` actively consider ' raising it .     officials said it would cost # 68million if weather conditions are good .     sewol 's captain was jailed for 36 years for gross negligence last year .
footage shot at domodedovo airport in russia .     man curls into foetal positions as he whizzes round on conveyor .     some passengers take photos , but most concentrate on spotting their luggage .
philippe saint-andre succeeded marc lievremont as france coach in 2011 .     lievremont had led les bleus to the world cup final that year .     since taking charge , saint-andre has won just 15 of his 37 games .     saint-andre will remain in charge for the forthcoming world cup .     begles-bordeaux coach rapahael ibanez is favourite for the job .
hungarian national evelin mezei , 12 , has been found safe and well .     she had gone missing from the stratford area in london last night .     evelin had been seen on cctv footage with an unknown man .
country music star booked july 17 concert benefiting sandy hook promise .     conservative fans mad that star helping raise money for gun control .     commenters say that he could slide to obscurity like the dixie chicks did after statements criticizing george w bush .
an estimated 50,000 americans are newly infected with hiv each year , cdc says .     kevin robert frost : syringe exchange programs save millions in hiv treatment costs .
officers thought to have identified supposed ringleader of jewel thieves .     meanwhile criminologist suspects raid was inspired by plot of crime novel .     novel is based on real-life bank heists carried out the late 80s in la .     hole in the ground gang used drills to bore into vaults in 1986 and 87 .
bombardier beetle mimics machine gun using chemicals in its stomach .     as chemicals pass into the abdomen they mix with enzymes and explode .     each explosion causes the foul-smelling liquid to be forced from its rear .     it ` pulses ' repeatedly from the beetle 's rear - and the bug can even aim .
alastair clarkson has been filmed pushing and grabbing the neck of an adelaide power fan after hawthorn 's loss to port adelaide on saturday .     the intoxicated fan is seen harassing clarkson outside his adelaide hotel .     clarkson was ` pushed , shoved all the way to the door , ' hawks ceo says .
lidia quilligana was arrested in danbury , connecticut after police viewed a video that allegedly showed her choking and beating a 3-year-old girl .     she was also caught allegedly burning the legs , arms and hands of the girl on a hot stove as she screamed out in pain .     quilligana , who is being held on $ 1million bail and charged with first degree assault and criminal mischief , has said these charges are untrue .     the family set up a nanny cam in december 2014 after they became suspicious of quilligana .
desperate father is begging people to ride him to raise much-needed cash .     family is in thousands of pounds of debt from numerous rounds of chemo .     little minghao , 9 , needs further treatment after leukaemia came back .
chelsea lead manchester city by six points at the premier league summit .     oscar scored in brazil 's recent 3-1 victory against france .     juventus scouts were present in paris to watch oscar in action .
the trussell trust admits that the one million were not all ` unique users '     it had previously claimed that it served a million hungry people in a year .     labour party and trades union congress were quick to seize on the figure .     trust has said the figure was based on the number of parcels handed out .
it only works for english-language readers using an android phone .     twitter 's ` highlights ' are delivered using an opt-in push notification .     works based on accounts and topics popular among people you follow .     it also looks at tweets from people you 're closely tied to or in your area .
pietro boselli , 26 , from brescia in italy taught advanced maths at ucl .     admits he was ` ashamed ' of his modelling career and kept it a secret from students and almost did n't mention it on his cv .     instagram following shot up to more than 480,000 after his story came out .     phd student says he 's proud of his body and works out once or twice daily .
children drink ` excessive ' amounts of energy drinks , teachers ' union claim .     drinks like red bull , monster and relentless are causing ` hyperactivity '     nasuwt likened caffeinated refreshments to ` readily available legal highs '     of teachers surveyed 13 % cited energy drinks as cause of bad behaviour .
david healy is head of psychiatry at the hergest psychiatry unit in bangor .     claims the idea low levels of serotonin causes depression is a fallacy .     marketing of ssri drugs like prozac has been ` based on a myth ' , he claims .     experts refute his claims saying ` ssris work in the real world of the clinic '
the couple held hands as they arrived at brisbane airport .     both wore their wedding bands .     johnny and amber 's show of togetherness clearly aims to quash rumors that their two-month marriage is in trouble .     the pirates of the caribbean star still had his injured right hand bandaged in a red bandana .     a publicist for the disney film announced the return of the leading man was ` entirely dependent ' on his recovery from surgery .     the pair had been the subject of several stories in the media monday about the state of their relationship .
tokyo researchers have proposed a laser system to attach to the iss .     it would be used to shoot down pieces of debris in earth orbit .     would have a range of 100km and could target things less than 1cm in size .     the team says their proposal could remove ` most ' of the debris in orbit .
moeen ali picked up side injury during england 's dismal world cup .     injury meant all-rounder was not considered for squad to tour west indies .     but moeen is hoping to join up with the squad later in the tour .
british reverend charles martin king parsons was one of a handful of chaplains to enter bergen-belsen camp .     captured these images , but never told family about them until they were discovered by grandson tom marshall .     mr marshall said he is proud of his grandfather for making sure future generation can never forget what happened .     warning : graphic content .
naz shah claimed to have been forced into abusive marriage aged 15 .     but mr galloway says he has marriage certificate showing she was 16 .     accused her of playing into stereotypes and demonizing pakistanis .     labour hit back , saying there are two marriage certificates , and they have the original from 1988 showing ms shah was in fact 15 .     party say they wrote to election watchdog over mr galloway 's allegation .
image was taken by emergency services officer scott murray who dubbed the phenomenon ` looping lightning '     a bolt of lightning is shown leaving the top of the cloud before looping back towards the earth .     lightning is caused when positive and negative charges build up in a cloud to a level where one leaps to the other .     as a result lightning has been seen striking the ground from a cloud and vice versa , and can move between clouds .
fair trade photographs aim to focus on the people in sweatshops .     reveals tragic tales of staff in bangladesh , cambodia and sierra leone .     highlights daily life for children working in appalling conditions .     campaigners hoping to make buyers think about origin of garments .
i 'm a celebrity ... get me out of here ! uk attraction open to the public .     maze based on tv show has new bush tucker trials to try and stars to win .     thorpe park welcomes creepy crawlies , dark caves and slimey quizzes .
customers sought to claim after french strikes affected flights this month .     insurers asked passengers for airline letter that confirmed cancellation .     but easyjet told those affected to pay # 10 administration fee for the proof .
isabelle obert , a nutrition consultant , believes good diet can boost fertility .     says ' a good diet affects the health of the egg and sperm before they meet '     she shares her top 10 foods to aid fertility , and tips on how to eat them ...
jodie bredo has been a kate middleton lookalike for six years .     gets hair trimmed regularly and spends # 30 a month on black eyeliner .     has done shoots with toddlers and been fitted with a baby bump .
ultra-competitive racers risk life and limb to cross railway 85km into race .     train races past seconds after policeman stops more cyclists crossing .     last team sky road race for tour de france winner sir bradley wiggins .     sir wiggins - who was n't involved in level crossing problem - finished 18th .
details of the death of dante gabriel rossetti 's muse finally unmasked .     biographer kirsty stonell walker located her grave using medical records .     they revealed she died penniless , suffering from dementia in an asylum .     she was the muse and model for some of rossetti 's best-known works .
michelle pfeiffer is set to star in a new television comedy about a morning news program .     katie couric will serve as an executive producer , drawing on her experience as an anchor on today for 15 years .     the series was created by diane english , who was behind the show murphy brown , about a female news anchor .     the ladies are currently in talks with hbo , showtime , amc , netflix and amazon to pick up the program .
leeds-based direct line is running a competition called #everydayfix .     they asked groups to design products to deal with common problems .     these include forgetting to lock the door and running out of battery .     you can vote for your favourite design and the winner will be crowdfunded .
` we 're here to see the queen , ' one protester told daily mail online outside a rural community college in monticello , iowa .     he shouted ` give the saudi money back ! ' as clinton arrived at kirkwood community college -- referring to millions her family foundation accepted .     hillary clinton will visit the school on tuesday in the first semi-public event of her presidential campaign .     her armored campaign van , nicknamed ` scooby , ' has finally been photographed in the wilds of the american midwest after a 1,000-mile trip .     it arrived at her campaign stop tailed by a black humvee .     reporters snapped pics of the former secretary of state at a coffee shop in le claire , iowa .
tibetan mastiffs had been status symbols for china 's wealthiest .     they were given as gifts to grateful officials by businessmen .     one puppy was sold for # 1.2 million to a property developer last year .     but an anti-corruption drive means the breed is now shunned .     instead the dogs are sold to abattoirs for their meat and skin .
revlon 's new lipstick advert resembles a scene from 50 shades of grey .     partially dressed woman undresses man and blindfolds him .     film noir-style ad ` love is on ' was created by agency george patts y&r .
youtube user lionel hutz filmed his young son chasing the family feline around the garden in a bid to get some rest .
kim , 34 , shared make-up bag contents on instagram .     includes clarisonic brush , hairbrush from her own range and rose water .     star is also getting set to launch new kidswear range .
principal suspended after it emerged an autistic boy was locked in a cage .     10-year-old boy was forced into a ` withdrawal space ' inside the classroom .     act education minister joy burch said words can not describe the horror .     issue raised after complaint was made to act human rights commission .     shadow education minister kate ellis says incident ` deeply disturbing '
denver teacher kyle schwartz asked students to share what they wish she knew .     their honest answers moved schwartz and sparked a discussion online .
fredric brandt had been suicidally depressed for 10 days before he took his own life .     police report into the 65-year-old 's suicide reveals brandt was found on sunday morning by friend , john joseph hupert , inside his garage .     hupert was staying with the cosmetic surgeon on doctors orders to monitor brandt 's suicidal tendencies .     hupert revealed that brandt had been taking medication for his depression .     paramedics declared the plastic surgeon dead at the scene after having found he hanged himself .     brandt 's psychiatrist , dr. saida koita , arrived soon afterwards and told police she had been treating brandt daily .     brandt was reportedly devastated by parody character dr franff in hit netflix series unbreakable kimmy schmidt which debuted on march 6 .     friends said that , though dr brandt was upset , show did n't cause his death .
premier league champions unveil 64m mural at academy stadium .     design was inspired by children and created by artists to show positive influences of football in line with charitable programme cityzens giving .     captain vincent kompany was privileged to be part of the street party .     click here for all the latest man city news .
spacex made its third attempt to land a booster on an ocean platform .     but the booster tipped over after hitting its target and was destroyed .     falcon 9 is on its way to the iss with supplies and will arrive friday .     cargo includes first espresso machine designed for use in space .
two famous wrestlers , balla gaye 2 and eumeu sene , competed in ` le choc ' at demba diop stadium in dakar .     after a brutal encounter , roared on by the crowd in the sold-out stadium , the burly sene emerged victorious .     prior to the showdown event , other athletes - dressed in loin cloths - took to the arena for a series of bruising bouts .     wrestling 's popularity in senegal make it a lucrative business in a country where the average annual income is $ 980 .
bring your own large `` cup '' for a $ 1.49 7-eleven slurpee .     any sanitary container less than 10 inches in diameter is fair game .
world war i graffiti is discovered in an underground quarry .     the writings are generally plain , with listings of names and places .     photographer : graffiti a human connection to the past .
in new york and california , there is a tendency for people to use the word ` so ' in sentences to increase drama .     phrases such as ` here 's you a water bottle ' are common in the south , but people in the north find it strange .     to find more examples of unusual grammar use , zoom in on the map below and click on a red location marker .
lib dem leader warns three or four-party coalition ` is not going to work '     raises prospect of lib dems entering government with labour or tories .     experts warn hung parliament could send financial markets into turmoil .
christopher flowers , 84 , was driving on rochester , ny , street on march 9 .     dropped lit cigarette , causing several layers of clothes to burst into flames .     three drivers stopped to help as fire engulfed pensioner 's torso and head .     one tried to put out flames with hands ; another threw him into snow bank .     flowers , from chili , rushed to strong memorial hospital with severe burns .     on sunday , hospitals officials announced retired marine has passed away .
andy carroll is currently out injured nursing a knee ligament damage .     the west ham striker posted a photo of him posing on a wooden throne .     carroll will miss the rest of the season but should be back for pre-season .     click here for all the latest west ham united news .
a collection of 750 items belonging to legendary actress lauren bacall has been auctioned off at bonhams in new york .     highlights from the lot , which fetched $ 3.6 million , include bronze sculptures , jewelry , and a number of decorative arts and paintings .
maxwell morton , 16 , from pennsylvania , will be tried as an adult for shooting ryan mangan .     mother of morton 's friend told police her son received snapchat image of him with victim - message had maxwell written across it .     he admitted to shooting mangan after police found 9mm handgun hidden in his house .     both teens were juniors at jeannette high school .     morton was also charged with first-degree murder and one count of possession of a firearm by a minor .     morton 's lawyer and family said the two boys were friends and there was no bad blood between them .
a concerned mother took a photo of her child 's lunch consisting of a dull looking fish fillet , a whole wheat bun , and corn and then posted it online .     ` poor lighting and food presentation make this lunch unappealing , ` food service coordinator jim gehlhoff said .     the school nutrition association does n't think michelle obama 's lunch regulations are to blame but they think a funding increase is needed .
the ` kate effect ' has seen rise in profits of british fashion house seraphine .     duchess of cambridge has worn high street label during both pregnancies .     popular choices include # 195 cashmere coat and a # 46 fuchsia wrap dress .     fans now camping outside st mary 's hospital awaiting birth of royal baby .
frances clarkson , 53 , spend easter bank holiday weekend in caribbean .     she was spotted with friends and family as she sunbathed and jet skied .     previously holidayed there with jeremy clarkson , but pair now ` live apart '     he was sacked by bbc last month after ` fracas ' with top gear producer .
the project is hoped to open at the former arts centre , la llotja .     friend and producer jaume roures of mediapro is leading the tribute .     the museum follows allen 's vicky cristina barcelona , set in the city .
single mother from philadelphia is facing four counts of endangering welfare of a child .     firefighters rescued a boy and three girls , ages 9 to 13 , from basement in kensington section sunday .     police say the children were without access to food or bathroom for about 15 hours .     family friend said the mother locked her kids after one of them stole money .
some observers applaud abbott 's beer swilling in a pub full of sportsmen .     the prime minister last year criticized binge drinking culture in australia .
white house weighing whether obama should meet with raul castro .     a serious congressional ripple effect from the menendez indictment ?     it 's decision time for gop operatives as the 2016ers get ready to launch .
chad pregracke was the 2013 cnn hero of the year .     mike rowe visited pregracke for an episode of `` somebody 's got ta do it ''
pod of melon-headed whales beached in hokota , 60 miles from tokyo .     rescuers worked tirelessly to save creatures , but only three survived .     146 helpless dolphins were ` dead or dying ' as rescue operation called off .     scientists believe creatures ended up on shore after being disorientated .
defeat by everton showed that manchester united have a long way to go .     daley blind is a poverty-stricken pauper 's version of michael carrick .     united should bring in sven bender and ilkay gundogan in midfield .     playmaker henrikh mkhitaryan would also improve louis van gaal 's side .     read more : brendan rodgers is ruining rickie lambert 's career .     read more : mesut ozil is in danger of becoming an arsenal flop .
tv presenter lisa oldfield had 5.5 litres of fat removed by liposuction .     oldfield got surgery after her son drew an unflattering picture of her .     ` it was a giant tummy and stick arms and legs ' she said of the drawing .     ` now i have a waist ! ' oldfield said after $ 10,000 procedure .     oldfield is married to radio host and former one nation politician david .
the actress and granddaughter of ernest hemingway describes what it was like for her growing up .     she has written two distinct books , one for adults and one teenagers .     around 10 per cent of americans suffer from depression .     the books speak about about mental illness and what it is like living in a troubled family .     hemingway tells about her own experiences with depression , eating disorders , ocd , and how she learned to overcome the issues .
the billion dollar chicken shop is a three-part bbc programme on kfc .     viewers unleash a barrage of negative comments after yesterday 's episode .     programme showed how chicken burger is prepared for cameras .     kfc has 860 stores nationwide and serves 22 million customers a year .
she is expected to take over as head of the u.s. justice department on monday , replacing eric holder .     ` loretta 's confirmation ensures that we are better positioned to keep our communities safe , keep our nation secure , and ensure that every american experiences justice under the law , ' said the president .     lynch , 55 , was approved by a 56-43 vote ; ten republicans voted for lynch , including senate majority leader mitch mcconnell .     gop presidential candidate marco rubio did not ; ted cruz tried to stop her nomination from moving forward and was missing during the final vote .     an invitation flying around twitter shows cruz has a fundraiser tonight at former texas rangers ' owner and billionaire tom hicks ' dallas home .
`` all the police investigators have left the -lrb- germanwings -rrb- crash site , '' a police official says .     private security company is ensuring no one goes on the site , official says .     authorities say co-pilot andreas lubitz deliberately crashed the plane , killing all 150 on board .
bruce davis , 72 , was convicted in 1969 slayings of musician gary hinman and stuntman donald ` shorty ' shea .     california gov. jerry brown rejected parole board 's decision to release davis citing brutality of the killings .     davis claimed he 's changed in prison , earning a phd and becoming a minister .
italy boasts the highest number of unesco world heritage sites in the world .     italy does n't know how to exploit treasures , and appears not to care about them , writes silvia marchetti .
david chase walks through the ending of `` the sopranos ''     the use of particular shots and `` do n't stop believin ' '' build tension .     chase still does n't reveal tony soprano 's fate .
jay alvarrez and alexis rene snap amazing photos of their glamorous travel around the world .     the sportsman and model enjoy a sunkissed life of beaches , surfing and travel .     the pair share their snaps on tumblr and instagram and have almost two million followers between them .
amanda butler , 42 , had normal pregnancy until waters broke at 25 weeks .     son callum was born weighing just 1lb 9oz and needed much treatment .     she was later told common infection , bacterial vaginosis , was to blame .     affects a third of women and is often mistaken for thrush , but can cause fertility problems , miscarriage , premature labour and raise the risk of stds .
jaclyn methuen nearly left her husband ryan ranellone at the altar because she was n't physically attracted to him .
cars forced to swerve to avoid street collapse in northampton today .     emergency services acted quickly to seal off the residential road .     witness describes it as ` something you would see in a disaster movie '     hole appeared hours after woman fell through london pavement .
teresa belton , 62 , is author of happier people healthier planet .     based in norwich , she believes that people living modestly are happier .     simple acts create sense of belonging and put things into perspective .
louis van gaal cranked up the pressure on man city after aston villa win .     manchester united defeated aston villa 3-1 at old trafford on saturday .     the red devils leapfrogged manchester city to move up to third spot .     united have not recorded a home win against city since february 2011 .
francis bakvis , from clifton beach in queensland , discovered dead python .     mr bakvis had been searching for his pet cat which had gone missing .     when he tried to move the snake its skin split open and his cat spilled out .     the 3.5 metre long python died while trying to digest the 16-year-old pet .     he had never seen pythons on the property in 15 years of living there .
andrew o'clee , 36 , met first wife michelle in 2000 and they married in 2008 .     he started affair in 2011 and forged document so he could marry philippa .     but he was caught out in elaborate lie after video appeared on facebook .     despite the revelations , philippa , 30 , has vowed to stand by her man .     o'clee was jailed for eight months at chichester crown court for bigamy .
remy dufrene of raceland , louisiana drowned after falling into a drainage ditch tuesday afternoon .     this after the toddler , 3 , ran away from his grandmother who could not catch up with him .     his father searched for the boy 's body but it took him 15 minutes to find his son .     the ditch is almost always dry according to the family , but was filled with water because of the recent rain in the area .
sky sports will be paying # 11millon a game to broadcast games in 2016 .     three-year deal means sky are re-addressing their entire sports strategy .     ` fit for the future ' plan will see reduced programming support .
german primary school teacher is in 21st week of pregnancy and ` feels fit '     she became pregnant through artificial insemination using eggs and sperm .     in 2005 , she gave birth to her youngest daughter leila , at the age of 55 .     children - eldest of whom is daughter antje , 44 - are by five different fathers .
angela maxwell returned to coningsby community hall yesterday morning .     the 67-year-old and her husband won # 53million in last week 's lottery .     couple said they planned to spend money on a new minibus for local oaps .     mrs maxwell volunteers for the council preparing meals for pensioners .     she returned to the lunchtime club yesterday morning despite the windfall .
sequel to popular `` bible '' miniseries debuting on nbc .     `` mad men '' premieres the first of its final episodes .     netflix premieres its first marvel series , `` daredevil ''
becky schoenig of st. louis , missouri was shocked when she realized her brand new 2015 ford fusion had been stolen from her driveway monday .     she was even more shocked however when it was located and returned to her with new red rims and detailing .     she took to facebook after getting the car back , writing ; ' i want to thank the car thieves for pimping out my vehicle for me ... . this b *** h is pimpin now !!! '
luis suarez was liverpool 's player of last season .     but who would earn that accolade this year ? jordan henderson has many backers , as does coutinho .     several , among them emre can and raheem sterling , have shone in parts .     there have been lots of adequate contributions but there has n't been anywhere near enough consistency .     if liverpool are going to clamber into the top four and win the fa cup , much will depend on the little brazilian .
dzhokhar tsarnaev is found guilty on all 30 charges he faced .     seventeen counts were capital charges , meaning he is eligible for the death penalty .
adam lyons , 34 , from east london , is in a relationship with two women .     his girlfriends brooke , 26 , and jane , 25 , say they do not ` share ' him .     they are all in love with one another .     trio appeared on today 's this morning to explain why relationship works .
ohio gov. john kasich : washington is gridlocked , but states can make a difference .     he says ohio has gone from a budget deficit to surplus , from losing jobs to creating them .
richard dysart best known for leland mckenzie in `` l.a. law ''     dysart had many tv and film roles , including spots in `` being there '' and `` the thing ''     actor won drama desk award for performance in theatrical `` that championship season ''
new yorker sarah reign , 26 , is a security guard by day but earns extra money by eating fast food and sugary treats while men watch .     weighs 400lbs and has gained 84lbs since she started eating on camera .     has branched out to sitting on male clients who enjoy being smothered .     admits she finds eating for paying customers ` an ego boost '
elderly couple accused graeme finlay of knocking them unconscious on boat .     they claimed the attack on thomson celebration cruise ship was unprovoked .     finlay , 36 , claimed he was the one being assaulted and was defended himself .     teesside crown court jury took less than an hour to give not-guilty verdicts .
how to be a young billionaire airs tonight on channel 4 .     documentary features robyn exton , who 's launching a lesbian dating app .     tech entrepreneur josh buckley attempts to save his shrinking fortune .
natalie fletcher is a body painter from oregon , us , working on ' 100 bodies across america ' project .     the 29-year-old has been travelling around painting different subjects .     she blends her subjects into the landscapes they 're standing in front of - including buildings and scenery .
since 1903 , scientists have been claiming brontosaurus does n't exist .     they said the famous species should be classified as an apatosaurus .     new study calculated the differences between families of diplodocid .     brontosaurus had a thinner neck and slightly different bone structure .
four men have been caught on cctv robbing a service station in tecomba , melbourne .     the men filled a doona cover with $ 38,000 worth of cigarettes .     however they failed to get the large loot in the boot .     they decided to drag it alongside the car instead and lost about a third of their stash .     the men are wanted for five similar break-ins in the area .
mick schumacher made pre-season test debut in formula 4 in germany .     the 16-year-old was driving weeks after a 100mph crash at another circuit .     pictured turning into gravel once again during tests at oschersleben track .     his father , michael , is still recovering from a december 2013 ski accident .
american transgender woman hayley carney has never met british fiancee .     she will marry in hope of fulfilling ` lifelong dream ' of becoming uk citizen .     said she believes britons are more ` openly accepting of people like her '
gulnaz was jailed after the attack as her rapist was married .     her case gained international attention ; prompted a presidential pardon .     she was forced to marry her attacker or face disgrace .
a sydney woman has put up posters to find the man who lent his umbrella .     missiesmile21 is ` actively looking ' for the man with ` most beautiful smile '     the gentleman helped her cross a road during tuesday nights ' downpour .
haris vuckic has spent second half of season on loan at rangers .     slovenia star has been a success at ibrox with six goals in 10 games .     newcastle may decide to sell him with one year left on his contract .
malala yousafzai tells the girls she associates with them .     she writes a message of `` solidarity , love and hope ''     she calls on nigeria and the international community to do more to rescue the girls .
airbus are increasing their seats from 10 to 11 seats in every row .     the addition will see airbus creating a fourth cheaper class called choice .     the change is to be launched in 2017 on the airbus 380 model .     airbus state the move is to reflect 90 per cent of fliers using economy .     thankfully seat widths will remain at the standard 18 inches .
owners of sugar pine mine called in armed guards to protect their claim .     gold miners have appealed a federal stop-work order , u.s. officials said .     tensions remain high with supporters complaining of federal overreach .     armed guards from conservative oath keepers network among protesters .     officials claim they found equipment on site indicating operations inconsistent with standard mine development requirements .
gloriavale is a christian sect of around 500 new zealanders .     all residents wears blue uniforms and there is no birth control .     closed off from the outside world , it has come under scrutiny recently .     several former members have come forward with abuse , bullying allegations .     the incidents were rare but several have occurred .     one former member tells daily mail australia female victims cop the blame .     ` they 're called s *** s and w **** s , ' she said .     ` some think 13 year old girls are ready to have babies ' , another told stuff.co.nz .
jack henry doshay , 22 , was arrested at a residential facility wednesday where he was receiving treatment for depression .     authorities say he tried to kidnap a 7-year-old girl from a solana beach , california elementary school on march 23 .     on friday , doshay pleaded not guilty to charges of kidnapping , false imprisonment with violence and child cruelty in his first court appearance .     he is the son of prominent san diego businessman glenn doshay , who is a minority owner of the san diego padres baseball team .
paul gregory said he could only walk 200 metres in blue badge application .     however , council staff noticed 51-year-old in newspaper report after hike .     article described gregory as an ` experienced walker ' on a three-day trek .     gregory fined # 795 after admitting to dishonestly obtaining a blue badge .
the key for easter indulgence is noting our ` energy in ' and ` energy out '     for four mini easter eggs it would take 30-40 minutes of walking to work off .     two hot cross buns without butter take up to 50 minutes of running .     it is advised that we manage our energy consumption instead of working it off after it has been taken in .
the labour leader 's looks proved an unlikely hit with twitter users .     one described him as a ` sexy beast ' while another liked his ` sexy grey tie '     mr miliband 's smoulder and the silver streak in his hair proved popular .     a vine showing mr miliband smouldering quickly went viral .
liana barrientos , 39 , re-arrested after court appearance for alleged fare beating .     she has married 10 times as part of an immigration scam , prosecutors say .     barrientos pleaded not guilty friday to misdemeanor charges .
detroit red wings ' drew miller was caught by a skate in the first period against the ottawa senators .     the massive cut required 50 to 60 stitches to close , but did not damage miller 's eye .     the red wings lost 2-1 but remained in third place in the atlantic division .
chris ramsey , the only black manager in the premier league , is a classic example .     ramsey is a fine coach who has been overlooked for countless jobs .     he took the qpr position after harry redknapp saw the writing on the wall and got out .     ramsey was asked to board the sinking ship and , guess what , it has not been an easy job to refloat it .
cruz is personally against the legalization of marijuana but believes states have the right to put decriminalization laws on the books if they want .     implied he would n't make his ag enforce federal pot laws in states that have approved sales - even though directly conflict with federal law .     stands in contrast to the views of at least three of his gop competitors who said they 'd lay the hammer down on colorado and washington .
tottenham hotspur chairman daniel levy has told supporters that future transfer policy will include developing young players with resale value .     having failed to successfully reinvest the money received for gareth bale , levy will now turn to more modestly priced players .     although financially sensible , levy 's new plans could risk spurs falling behind the other top clubs in pursuit of the champions league .     click here for all the latest tottenham hotspur news .
family pet leo nearly burned down home in peckham , south-east london .     staffordshire-boxer cross managed to switch on cooker hunting for food .     child 's car seat left on top of one of the hob 's rings caught fire .     subsequent blaze damaged a third of the ground floor of the property .
serena williams defeated sara errani for the united states in the fed cup .     world no 1 was a set down before fighting back and winning the tie .     heavy wind made it difficult for the players throughout the game .
ronnie o'sullivan , a five-time champion , draws craig steadman .     the 32-year-old steadman is playing in world championship for first time .     defending champions mark selby will face norway 's kurt maflin .
a warrant has been issued for the arrest of clarence taylor , 44 , who remains at large .     authorities say the akron , ohio man faked his own kidnapping last fall .     taylor was found bound to a tree with duct tape covering his mouth of november 1 .     he claimed men with shotguns kidnapped him , stole $ 2,500 and then left him tied to the tree for several days .     however , medical records show taylor suffered no dehydration or injuries consistent with being out in the rainy weather for an extended period .     it 's unclear why authorities delayed in ordering the arrest .
choosing the right punishment for a naughty child is a difficult business .     some parents now resort to embarrassing their offspring to punish them .     tactics include diy chores , embarrassing costumes and essay-writing .
billionaire microsoft founder has defended meat eating in his latest blog .     green campaigners are pushing for global reduction in meat consumption .     climate studies say livestock emit more greenhouse gases than transport .     bill gates says some environmental impacts of meat have been overstated .
stacey eden , 23 , stands up for muslim woman being bullied on the train .     video shows a middle-aged woman ranting about islam to quiet passenger .     ms eden said the ranter labelled the muslim commuters isis terrorists .     she also brought up beheadings , a massacre and the martin place siege .     ` what 's that got to do with this poor woman ? ' ms eden fumed .     ` shut your mouth if you 've got nothing to say '     ms eden said she stayed on the train to make sure they were ok .     both parties alighted the train at the airport shortly before 2pm wednesday .     police contacted daily mail australia encouraging witnesses to come forward .     islamic community leader says incidents are becoming increasingly common .     ' i always make sure i have sufficient storage space on my phone to record '
the gruesome vision was captured in australia and uploaded last week .     the lizard swings its neck back and forth in a bid to swallow the rabbit .     goannas can unhinge their lower jaws allowing them to swallow large prey .
president barack obama is visiting jamaica .     usain bolt said ` it was truly a great honour ' to meet the president .     obama met the world-class sprinter when they did his signature pose .     obama also gave a special mention to triple-world champion shelly-ann fraser-pryce and bolt while speaking during town hall meeting .
marissa holcomb was held up in channelview , texas , on march 31 .     robber held her at gunpoint and emptied $ 400 from the till .     she was fired a day later after refusing to pay back the money .     the store said she broke their policy by having so much cash in the till .     holcomb is five months pregnant with her fourth child .     the store have apologized and offered her job back , with $ 2,000 backpay .     popeyes ceo cheryl bachelder asked the owner to ` rectify ' the issue .
australia 's ` tiny hearts ' approach to stopping the boats should be copied by britain .     controversial columnist katie hopkins wrote that tony abbott 's policy was effective and like ` an aussie version of sharia stoning '     ` australians are like british but with balls of steel , can-do brains , tiny hearts and whacking great gunships '     she calls those on board migrant boats ` cockroaches built to survive a nuclear bomb '     it came as more than 900 people were feared drowned on a sunken fishing boat headed for italy .
former celtic hero billy mcneill will be honoured with a statue by the club .     as both a player and a manager , he enjoyed a hugely successful 27-year association with the parkhead outfit .     he won nine consecutive league titles as a player between 1965 and 1974 .     in 1967 , he became the first ever british captain to lift the european cup .     as manager , he delivered four more league championships to celtic .
oscar-winning cinematographer andrew lesnie has died .     he is best known for `` lord of the rings , '' `` the hobbit '' and `` babe ''
laurent stefanini , 55 , asked to represent france to the catholic church .     homosexual diplomat 's appointment met with silence from the vatican .     catholic , stefanini was number two at france 's vatican mission from 2001 .     in 2013 the pope seemed to speak out against the vatican 's anti-gay stance .
anand iyer , 36 , was earning six figures at threadflip in san francisco .     he realized he did n't get much time to see his daughter , 2 , ava .     he felt awkward at the playground and ava was asleep when he got home .     quit his job to be house-husband , says it 's ` the best investment '     his wife shreya , 34 , now supports the family as a recruitment manager .
lucy garrod woke up and felt her eye was very sore and swollen .     the had a corneal abrasion - an ulcer on the eye - caused by bacteria .     ulcer was millimeters away from blinding her and left her partially blind .     feared she would n't be able to take photos , but learned to use her left eye .
the rev. robert schuller , 88 , had been diagnosed with esophageal cancer in 2013 .     his tv show , `` hour of power , '' was enormously popular in the 1970s and 1980s .
alastair cook completed his century on the second morning of action .     england captain resumed on 95 and reached three figures before retiring .     that allowed ian bell to arrive at the crease as tourists continued to bat .
floyd mayweather jnr hit the swimming pool as he continued his training .     boxer did laps of the pool as well as water resistance muscle work .     mayweather jnr is training ahead of mega-fight with manny pacquiao .     it is now less than a month before boxing duo meet in las vegas .
sportsmail has simulated an all-star battle between the premier league 's best talent from north and south .     manchester city 's sergio aguero gave joe bernstein 's northern all-stars the lead in the opening minute .     arsenal ace alexis sanchez scored a double in the 29th and 72nd minute , either side of a harry kane goal .     sanchez was man of the match while liverpool 's martin skrtel was the game 's poorest player .     the match powered by football manager was played in front of 90,000 people at wembley .
the virtual reality headset is available to buy from firebox for # 29.95 .     it works with android and ios phones via virtual reality apps and 3d films .     the maximum size of the device must be 3.5 x 5.7-inches -lrb- 8.2 x 15.4 cm -rrb- .     it calls itself an affordable alternative to rivals such as oculus rift .
three million condoms seized in shanghai , thought to be worth # 1.3 m .     tests found they contained toxic metals that could be danger to health .     police uncovered a large network operating across eight provinces .     officers said lubricating oil used at one workshop made them feel sick .
carter and jack hanson , who live in raleigh , north carolina , met their hero on the yorktown - a retired carrier in charleston , south carolina .     robert harding traveled to meet the boys from his home in oklahoma after spending months exchanging daily emails .     mr harding served as an aircraft handler on the yorktown during the second world war .
the cyclone travelled through siberia 's third largest city , krasnoyarsk .     video captures the snowstorm engulfing the kommunalnyi bridge .     flakes of snow become bigger as visibility reduces drastically .
emilo izaguirre has rallied his team-mates ahead of final six league games .     celtic 's hopes of winning domestic treble came to an end on sunday .     ronny deila 's side were knocked out of the scottish cup semi-final .     read : celtic write to sfa over josh meekings handball controversy .
it looked at acetaminophen -lrb- paracetamol -rrb- , the main ingredient in tylenol .     eighty one people were asked to look at happy , sad and neutral images .     those who took the drug had less extreme emotions towards the photos .     people who took pain reliever did n't know they were reacting differently .
a new facebook graph reveals the favorite baseball teams in the country by sorting through people 's likes and breaking down winners by county .     the new york yankees and boston red sox , who come in first and second respectively in terms of the number of fans .     the new york mets and oakland athletics did not win one single county .
jeffrey dahmer 's killer tells new york post he did it because of the convict 's creepy practical jokes .     dahmer 's former minister tells the paper he 'd say to guard , `` i bite ''
blake cronkhite , 5 , and jayden secrest , 3 , drowned when their kid-size atv plunged into large pond in northern california .     blake was operating the vehicle and his friend was sitting on the back when the 5-year-old lost control .     the boys ' fathers were doing yard work on cronkhites ' property when children took atv for a spin .
nepali pranksters make hidden camera videos of awkward social situations .     the three-person team was filming as the nepal earthquake began .
trident nuclear deterrent could be moved to gibraltar , according to reports .     snp want to eject trident from its current base on the clyde in scotland .     military source says the mod have sounded out gibraltar as an alternative .     nuclear submarines ' move could cost # 3billion and take 10 years .
20-year-old american dancer makes $ 240 a month at kremlin ballet theatre .     joy womack studied at bolshoi ballet academy but left in cloud of controversy .
kyle iveson , 24 , burst into convenience store armed with a 12in knife .     but shop worker karen brown , 54 , recognised him because she is the mother of his ex-girlfriend .     she reported him to police moments later and he has now been jailed .
karen danczuk said mps needed to speak in a language people understood .     she said she would like to go into ` mainstream politics ' in the future .     mrs danczuk said women did not have anything to relate to this election .     she also defended her infamous selfies : ` this is me , take me as i am '
aussie girl joins #kyliejennerchallenge currently sweeping social media .     method involves creating an airlock which forces lips to swell .     teens across the globe are hoping to emulate kylie jenner 's puffy pout .
jermain defoe received a mixed reception from fans in newcastle .     the 32-year-old was introduced to the crowd at a wwe event .     defoe scored the winner for sunderland in tyne/wear derby on sunday .
premier league fans saw a number of brilliant goals scored this weekend .     jermain defoe finished things off with a fantastic volley on sunday .     alexis sanchez and bobby zamora also netted memorable goals .     sportsmail 's jamie redknapp picks his top five strikes from the weekend .
the trials of dzhokhar tsarnaev and aaron hernandez are coming to a close .     voting has put rahm emanuel and ferguson , missouri , back in the headlines .     rand paul has announced his bid for the presidency .
isis fighters have posted pictures on social media of western junk food .     would-be fighters are bringing burgers and crisps with them from turkey .     other photos show chocolates , oreos and even cans of pre-mixed mojitos .     they 've been rebuked for eating food some clerics consider forbidden .
brawl at spring gardens station in philadelphia was captured on cctv .     fight involved students from nearby benjamin franklin high school .     at one point an attacker falls onto the tracks , but manages to get back up .     after the confrontation , the victims and attackers walk onto the same train .
vatanka : tensions between iran and saudi arabia are at an unprecedented level .     iran has proposed a four-point plan for yemen but saudis have ignored it .     vatanka : saudis have tried to muster a ground invasion coalition but have failed .
zulkifli bin hir was killed during a raid in january in the philippines .     was a member of the al qaeda-linked jemaah islamiah militant group .     bin hir thought to be behind numerous bombing attacks in the philippines .     he trained as an engineer in united states and there was a $ 5m reward .     no longer appears on the most wanted terrorist list on the fbi 's website .
new video features an australian doctor called abu yusuf al-australi .     the doctor calls on foreigners with training to join the isis health service .     he is seen handling babies while dressed in western-style surgical scrubs .     the video appears to be mimicking britain 's national health service .     nine british medical students recently travelled to syria to join isis .
abi gordon-cody creates gruesome injuries using special effects make-up .     her gory creations have earned her almost 3,000 followers on instagram .     26-year-old from droitwich watches horror films for inspiration .
the designer shared the snap to instagram on tuesday , her 39th birthday .     she was reportedly ` furious ' after italian model ambra battilana , 22 , claimed weinstein had groped her during a meeting last month .     on friday , the manhattan district attorney 's office announced it would not be bringing charges against the millionaire producer .
p-22 has made himself a new den underneath a house in los feliz .     the mountain lion has been living in nearby griffith park for three years .     rose to fame after a picture of him in front of the hollywood sign published .     so far resisted all attempts by animal welfare workers to make him leave .
footage shows stingray gliding itself over a diver 's body on ocean floor .     diver and documentary maker johnny debnam was free-diving , meaning diving without a breathing apparatus .     he lay motionless on the ocean floor and stingray came to investigate .     stingrays are potentially deadly animals due to their dangerous barbs .
14 soldiers have been accused of abusing children as young as nine .     investigation was started last year but was only made public yesterday .     french defence ministry has denied covering up the scandal .
vincent stanford was born in tasmania before moving to holland .     arriving back in australia in recent years , he has lived with his mother and elder brother in a small house in leeton , nsw , for 13 months .     his identical twin returned from holland in june 2013 .     ` he was a nice enough sort of bloke , clearly a loner , ' neighbour says .     stanford gained employment as a casual cleaner in october .     he cleaned leeton high school where stephanie scott worked .     his employer said he passed all the national criminal record checks .     stanford was charged with stephanie scott 's murder on thursday .     the school keys she was loaned were allegedly found at his home .
stephan lichtsteiner played alongside eden hazard at lille in france .     paul pogba is another who stars alongside lichtsteiner at juventus in italy .     he has tipped 18-year-old juve forward kingsley coman to be the next star .
christian eriksen was spotted with girlfriend sabrina kvist jensen .     the pair were pictured enjoying a kiss in outside in soho , london .     the tottenham midfielder has been dating kvist for almost three years .     eriksen played the full game as spurs lost to aston villa on saturday .
floyd mayweather is brash , he can be crass , and when it comes to being a braggart , he is the undisputed world champion .     previously known as money mayweather , he took to referring to himself as tbe , or the best ever in the build-up to his fight with manny pacquiao .     he said this week he is better than muhammad ali and sugar ray robinson ever were .     he is scorned as a great vulgarian and yet more than any other modern fighter he embodies the mastery of some of its finest skills .     you might want him to lose to manny pacquiao but you better accept that he probably wo n't . he is as close to genius as it gets in modern boxing .
unnamed worker was spotted on the roof of a house in south east london .     appeared to only be using rope for safety while 30-feet above the ground .     health and safety executive attended and stopped the work following concerns .
the greek island was the ` sex tourism capital of the ancient aegean '     former apprentice tv star margaret mountford will describe life on the island in a new television programme .     show also examines life and legacy of the female poet sappho , who lived on the island around 600bc .
members of 30 rock band members merged into one face each .     beatles look like paul mccartney , nirvana look like kurt cobain .     u2 , rolling stones and green day are a bizarre blend .
tara and gavin hills , from canada , stopped vaccinating their children six years ago after losing trust in the health care system .     all seven hills kids , between ages of 10 months and 10 years , came down with whooping cough last week .     tara hills did an about-face in the wake of her family 's health crisis , writing a blog post about how her stance on vaccination has changed .
man was fleeing bull during fiesta celebrations in teulada , eastern spain .     was knocked to the ground before crawling towards safety of bull bars .     however he could n't make it before horn caught him between the legs .     seen limping towards medics , but was not thought to be seriously hurt .
anthony trollope introduced post boxes to the uk in the 1850s .     the victorian novelist saw them in france while working for the post office .     initially the post boxes were painted green to blend in with the landscape .     the limited edition sheet of stamps feature images of trollope and his life .
tsarnaev , 21 , was found guilty wednesday on all 30 charges related to the 2013 boston marathon bombing .     his case will now proceed to the penalty stage , in which the jury will decide whether to sentence him to life in prison or execution .     reflecting her state 's liberal politics , warren is against capital punishment .     warren also spoke about current party issues - but refused to compare her politics to those of likely presidential candidate hillary clinton .     warren has repeatedly said she will not be running for president in 2016 .
the now 45-year-old singer wore the dress at the 2000 grammy awards .     ` it was the most popular search query we had ever seen , ' said schmidt .     it inspired google to launch image search so people could find it easier .     previously users had to search through pages of text broken up by links .
caster semenya reclaimed the south african 800-meter title on saturday .     olympic silver medalist won in 2 minutes , 5.05 near cape town .     injury-hit semenya is aiming to qualify for the world championships .
zoe o'connell , 37 , is bidding to become britain 's first transgender mp .     lives in a three-way lesbian relationship with her two canvassers , sarah brown and sylvia knight .     ms brown , 41 , and ms knight , 39 , were once a straight married couple - when ms brown was a man .     parliamentary candidate for maldon , essex , said : ` we 're in a relationship and we 're not ashamed of that '
spring in russia means increase in bear cubs being rescued as hunters kill their mothers .     some are found wandering alone in the wild , while others are left at sanctuaries and zoos .
lewis hamilton said at malaysian grand prix that contract was nearly done .     british world champion is negotiating contract without an agent .     hamilton admits it is unlikely mercedes deal will be agreed this weekend .     driver is preparing for shanghai grand prix in china .
everyone knows freezing is a great way of preserving different foods .     but there are a few types of food you may not have thought of freezing .     here , tessa cunningham puts a host of our foods to the frozen test .
hundreds were evacuated from a big top circus after rain tore through it .     more than 1000 homes lost power between houston and dallas .     cars floated across harris county in half a foot of rain on saturday .
sian lloyd visited adelaide , hahndorf and clare valley in south australia .     former itv weather forecaster caught the famous indian pacific to perth .     she ticked off a bucket list item by cycling the clare valley riesling trail .     kalgoorlie gold mine and margaret river impressed in the country 's west .
conchita van der waal offered a range of ` kinky ' services for $ 450 an hour .     she hinted at her high-powered role in the dutch central bank on her site .     she boasted : ` if only my clients , colleagues or boss knew ... i 'm a hooker '     the dutch central bank fired 46-year-old van der waal for ` integrity issues '
12 months ago , it was man city who reeled in liverpool to win the league .     now , the boot is on the other foot as reds hunt fourth place .     the gap currently stands at four points but city are in freefall .     derby loss to man united has increased the pressure on manuel pellegrini .     liverpool , by contrast , may have come good at the perfect moment .     missing out on champions league is unthinkable for both clubs .
mathew sitko , 23 , crashed his car and ended up hanging over a cliff edge in lewiston , idaho in an 'em otional episode ' wednesday morning .     jason warnock , 29 , was nearby when he saw the car above so he climbed up a footbridge and ran to the edge of the cliff and pulled the man out .     he needed to leave to go to work but was tracked down after the picture quickly spread online .
a tweet was sent from an account claiming to be linked to 2ue news .     the sydney fairfax media station recently merged with rival station 2gb .     read ` we hope you like the sound of whinging hyenas reading the news '     jobs were lost at 2ue , and 4bc and magic 1278 in brisbane after merger .
syrians line up despondently in scenes more familiar inside refugee camps .     posted by anti-isis activist with message : hunger , poverty , homelessness .     syrians persecuted by terror group 's warped interpretation of islamic law .
conservative leader promises to help create 2million new jobs by 2020 .     warns they must be outside london and the south east to prevent a crash .
terri hernandez is opening up about the bond she shared with ursula lloyd during her son 's murder trial .     aaron hernandez was convicted of killing odin lloyd on tuesday and sentenced to life in prison without parole .     ' i smiled at her after the verdict and just nodded my head , ' said hernendez of her interaction with lloyd at the trial .     lloyd refused to comment on the story , saying she no longer wished to speak about her son 's murder .
riff was developed in london and is available on android and ios .     it lets you film a video and uploaded it to the app and facebook .     friends then film their own clips and tag them onto the end of your video .
london-based model stephen james hendry famed for his full body tattoo .     the supermodel is in sydney for a new modelling campaign .     australian fans understood to have already located him at his hotel .     the 24-year-old heartthrob is recently single .
beginning friday , some ranks of the indianapolis police department will wear white shirts .     police say the change in attire is not related to any specific incident .     the new uniform shirt color is aimed at ensuring accountability .
ronald pearson and his wife miriam met and were married during wwii .     he was a sergeant in the raf police while she worked as a driver for ats .     the ` inseparable ' couple settled in broughton near chester to raise family .     they died last month within two days of each other at the ages of 94 and 95 .     their marriage was described as ` greatest true love story ' at joint funeral .
incoming ecb chairman colin graves has handled the potential return of kevin pietersen very poorly .     graves has pitched several outlandish ideas about reducing test matches to four days .     he should focus his attention on addressing the england fixture congestion .
the government 's drug regulator has approved a ` herbal remedy '     phynova joint and muscle relief , contains sigesbeckia .     the traditional chinese herb is traditionally used to treat aches and pains .     dr uzma ali advises patients with aches to take a curcumin supplement .
navinder sarao , 36 , made the bold claim in october last year in an email .     it was lodged in the northern district court of illinois for any future trial .     us prosecutors allege he helped to trigger 2010 wall street ` flash crash '
twelve felony cases , 19 criminal misdemeanor cases and one juvenile case involving one or more of the officers were dismissed .     officers exchanged ` inexcusable ' racist text messages , police chief said .     messages referred to ` killing n ****** ' ; one said , ` i 'd have that noose ready '     alvarez also created video featuring obama sporting gold-capped teeth .     other clips included pictures of attacks on minorities and use of n-word .     james wells , jason holding and christopher sousa were fired in march .     colleague alex alvarez , 22 , resigned in late january during investigation .
newcastle set another record as losers of the last five tyne-wear derbies .     they played in grey and put in an equally dismal and uninspired display .     defeat came after newcastle announced club record profit of # 18.7 million .     they were left to rue decision to ditch their black and white stripes .
david cameron and boris johnson visit nursery to promote childcare .     duo left flummoxed by jigsaw aimed at teaching children about seasons .     london mayor resorted to brute force to hammer wrong pieces together .     prime minister gave his approval , telling boris : ` if in doubt , wedge it in '
investigation shows colleagues expressed concerns about robert bates .     probe reveals he was not given special treatment during his application .     however report in 2009 says he was once he was employed in tulsa .     supervisors allegedly intimated colleagues to benefit bates .     he has been charged with second-degree manslaughter in relation to the death of eric harris in tulsa , oklahoma , on april 2 .     district attorney steve kunzweiler has begun contacting outside law enforcement agencies for further investigation .
robin ellis , now 73 , was diagnosed with type 2 diabetes by chance in 1999 .     poldark star read michel montignac 's book , dine out and lose weight .     advocates giving up white carbohydrates rather than counting calories .     robin has since written a number of cookbooks for people with diabetes .     he eats oats , walnuts , apricots and prunes with almond milk for breakfast .
in baltimore , after the death of freddie gray , riots erupted , cars were set on fire and 200 arrests were made .     eric liu : liberals and conservatives react predictably , see the riots as confirmation of their views .     it 's time to push each other out of our ideological and identity comfort zones and change the status quo , he says .
steve esmond , his wife theresa divine and their two teenage sons fell seriously ill while staying at the sirenusa resort in st. john .     divine was released from hospital and is now in occupational therapy .     the family 's lawyer said the boys are in ` rough shape '     on friday the us environmental protection agency said preliminary tests showed there was ' a presence of methyl bromide in the unit .
the unlikely duo live at an animal rescue shelter in camp verde , arizona .
muhammadu buhari 's win marks the first democratic transition of power from a ruling party to the opposition .     nigeria , the most populous country in africa , is grappling with violent boko haram extremists .
tory leader later insists there will be not ` bodily contact ' during debate .     cameron expected to clash with farage on immigration and europe .     seven-way debate will be broadcast live on itv from 8pm tonight .     strict rules decided who will speak and when during two-hour show .
jack wilshere has not played for arsenal since november after limping off at the emirates following a tackle from manchester united 's paddy mcnair .     his career has been plagued by injuries , but former arsenal midfielder ray parlour believes he is the future of the club .     parlour also reckons arsenal can push chelsea for the title next season .     read : arsenal will help abou diaby get back on track , even if he leaves .     winterburn : klopp is perfect for arsenal but give wenger is the right man .
san antonio spurs beat los angeles clippers 100-73 in game 3 .     kawhi leonard scores 32 points as spurs take 2-1 lead in series .     game 4 takes place on sunday at the at&t center in texas .     houston rockets move 3-0 ahead on dallas mavericks with 130-128 win .     washington wizards beat toronto raptors 106-99 in game 3 .
mr gordon was forced to quit labor after being accused of domestic violence .     mr katter accused the queensland government of assuming mr gordon would quit from the allegations .     mr katter said he had been personally subjected to racist attitudes from both major parties in the past .
miami police say brandt hanged himself at his home last weekend . the doctor 's publicist said brandt suffered from depression .     brandt appeared recently to have been the butt of a joke on tina fey 's netflix show the unbreakable kimmy schmitt .     in the series martin short plays a dermatologist called dr grant who has a shock of white hair and flawless skin -- almost a mirror image of dr brandt .     brandt was friends with madonna and other celebs such as stephanie seymour , kelly ripa and joy behar .
kim kardashian shared pictures from the baptism of her daughter north , held at saint james cathedral in jerusalem 's old city .     the 12th century church sits within the armenian quarter of the old city , the reputed site of the crucifixion of jesus christ .     khloe kardashian is godmother , while a priest acted as north 's godfather .     north wore white baptismal gown in keeping with tradition .     the youngster is now a christian and a member of the armenian church .
peggy drexler : media , even candidate herself call clinton just ` hillary . ' this reinforces stereotypes about women needing to be approachable .     she says especially in global context , trust , respect important for the potential leader of free world , not familiarity . just ` hillary ' not appropriate .
natalie fuller , 28 , stepped in front of a train in baltimore last month .     mother doris shared an account of her life this week in heartfelt article .     told how she was diagnosed with psychosis and bipolar disorder aged 22 .     pair wrote bestselling book , promise you wo n't freak out , in 2004 .     featured nationally on network news and was featured on oprah .
researchers found those with pretty faces also have appealing voices .     university of vienna photographed and recorded voices of 42 women .     two separate groups of men rated their attractiveness for the study .     those who rated highly for looks often scored well for sound .
` beaching a boat , brighton ' taken from jewish owner in second world war .     export permit discovery could bolster claims it came to britain legitimately .     tate and descendants of painting 's original owner are locked in dispute .
small elephant me-bai is seen nuzzling her mother upon reunion .     she was sold to provide rides for tourists in thailand when she was three .     mother and daughter were reunited at the elephant nature park sanctuary .     they caress each other with their sensitive trunks , ` chirp ' and cuddle .
mic 's andy jordan spoke to mailonline about how chelsea boys holiday .     he got stopped on his gap year in mexico and were searched for drugs .     the star said spencer was the most high maintenance traveller .
marc randazza : court upholds a trademark denial for asian-american band the slants on the grounds that name was disparaging .     he says court is wrong : trademarks are commercial speech , protected by first amendment . ruling a sign or our easily offended times .
nine in 10 times , the first contact a patient has with the nhs is via a gp .     crisis in a&e has led some to blame lack of gp appointments .     weekend opening hours have been suggested as one solution .     vikram pathania is a lecturer in economics at the university of sussex .
experienced authors will reveal how they launched their careers .     there will also be representatives on hand from publishing houses .     the london book and screen week will be running simultaneously .
andros townsend scored england 's equaliser against italy on tuesday .     goal was the tottenham winger 's third in seven games for england .     but townsend 's club form has been patchy in last two seasons .     challenge now is for townsend to replicate international form for spurs .     click here for the latest tottenham news .
decades of cheap holidays means retirees are paying for sunburn in youth .     men over 65 ten times more likely to have disease than parents ' generation .     around 5,700 pensioners now diagnosed with melanoma each year in uk .
dr adrian quarterman has suggested mirrored satellites to collect sunlight .     the beams can then be converted into laser light and sent down to earth .     the physicist believes it could even make solar power feasible in scotland .     but he admits you might need to worry about who is in control of them .
video of little girl firing several rounds ` towards isis ' has gone viral .     the girl , dressed in pink , tells man off camera she has killed 400 fighters .     the man encourages her by saying ` kill , kill ' as she shoots machine gun .     kurdish known for their female fighters - but isis known for using children .
england beat south africa 21-14 in the final at the prince chichibu ground .     england had n't won a tournament since wellington in february 2013 .     phil burgess , charlie hayter and tom mitchell scored england 's tries .     win puts england fourth in series into the final olympic qualifying spot .
pilot begins in may for prime customers who drive audis in germany .     at the checkout , a customer pinpoints the location of their car .     a dhl delivery driver will then receive a temporary digital access code .     this code gives the driver keyless access to the boot and as soon as it is closed the vehicle locks automatically and the code is revoked .
photographers in the uk captured the lyrid meteor shower in the sky last night .     it occurs every year around 16 to 25 april , so you can still catch some meteors tonight and tomorrow .     the strength of the showers vary from year to year and most years there are no more than 20 meteors an hour .     but in 1982 americans counted nearly 100 an hour and in 1803 it was as high as 700 an hour .
an fbi affidavit from november 2014 that was recently unsealed reveals translator xiaoming gao shared information with an alleged chinese spy .     gao was paid ` thousands of dollars to provide information on u.s. persons and a u.s. government employee '     she also lived with a state department employee who had top-secret clearance and who revealed they spoke about work with the woman .     despite all this she was never prosecuted , and left her position at the office of language services in february 2014 .
florida mailman doug hughes landed gyro-copter on wednesday .     flew 80-miles from gettysburg to washington d.c. and was not detected .     norad failed to identify the single-seat craft as it flew under the radar .     homeland security chief called for calm and no over-reaction to security breach .
tories say russia 's vladimir putin would be happy with ed miliband as pm .     this is because he can not be trusted to keep britain 's trident submarines .     defence secretary michael fallon said labour could sell out in a snp deal .     mr miliband reacted with fury , stating david cameron should be ` ashamed '
bouvier 's red colobus monkeys was last sighted in the congo during 1970s .     biologists have captured the first ever photographs of the rare primates .     the monkeys live in noisy groups in the swampy forests alongside rivers .     they are feared to be threatened by growing bushmeat trade in the area .
clocks go back an hour at 3am on sunday , april 5 in all states except queensland , the northern territory and western australia .     daylight savings will begin again on october 4 this year .     changing the clock is also a reminder for people to change their smoke alarm batteries , australian fire services say .
vit jedlicka , the first president of liberland , tells cnn that the country will be formally founded on may 1 .     on april 13 , jedlicka declared an area between croatia and serbia `` the free republic of liberland ''     jedlicka says that almost 300,000 applications for citizenship have so far been received .
this is emma louise connolly 's second campaign for ann summers .     the erotic bridal range is priced between # 14 and # 85 .     it features cut-out bras and a peek-a-boo thong .
after going through check-in , nguyen thi hang stopped before boarding .     vietjet air employee believed her luggage would weigh more than 7kg .     after putting case on scales , woman slapped airport worker .
luke skywalker actor spoke to fan conference in california .     joked that abrams , who directed trek reboot , made him suspicious .     said he knew he had no choice about joining new films : ' i was drafted '
tim and brandy ward reared chickens and turkeys at home in oso .     mudslide on march 22 crushed the house , killed brandy and their dogs .     tim was buried under 25 feet of mud but was pulled to safety still alive .     he has spent a year trying to settle his $ 360,000 mortgage .     last week , an anonymous donor paid the lot to chase bank .
nikki and kyle kuchenbecker went about perfecting a routine to the toe-tapping pop song , classic by mkto .     video footage shows them getting into the groove with an attentive audience watching on .     at one point nikki 's father makes an appearance , in keeping with tradition .     to date , the clip of them in action has been watched more than 900,000 times with many viewers giving it a big thumbs up .
german police say they think they `` have thwarted an islamist attack , '' interior minister for hesse state says .     german terrorism researcher : couple accused of planning bomb attack on bicycle race near frankfurt .
poland 's cities are tourism favourites - but its lake district is less known .     wigry national park , in the north-east , is one of poland 's prettiest areas .     encompassing part of the masurian lakes , it is great for family breaks .
david worrall scored a 74th-minute free-kick after a foul by adam el-abd .     southend united leapfrog bury to fourth place in league two .     the initial fixture was postponed because of heavy rain .     the shrimpers are behind third-placed wycombe only on goal difference .
tony mccoy has said he will immediately retire with grand national win .     the 40-year-old will ride shutthefrontdoor at aintree racecourse .     mccoy will be riding his 20th grand national on saturday .     click here for our 2015 grand national sweepstake .
alassan gobitaca , known as al the jumper , completed the stunt .     gobitaca has previously jumped a lamborghini and a motorbike .     the daredevil jumper is a swedish guinness world record holder .     gobitaca represented sweden in tv show world 's most talented .
brad pitt and angelina jolie bought the french wine making estate in 2012 .     they enlisted the help of famous winemaker marc perrin and his family .     their miraval rose has received rave reviews from leading wine critics .     it is now available to buy from marks and spencer for # 18 a bottle .
teenager has burns to 55 % of his body after religiously motivated attack .     muslims beat him and set him alight with kerosene because he is christian .     attack follows taliban bombing which killed 17 in lahore church in march .
the hermione carried france 's marquis de lafayette to america in 1780 .     was sent to warn george washington french troops were being sent .     they were being deployed to help the revolutionaries defeat red coats .     the replica set sail on saturday for it 's maiden voyage across the atlantic .
one in ten thinking about moving to countries where the pay is higher .     poll of 15,560 family doctors finds 1 in 6 is considering going part-time .     bma survey also reveals 7 % of gps are contemplating quitting altogether .     benefited from pay deal ten years ago that saw salaries increase by 50 % .
just nine points separates the bottom seven clubs in the premier league .     burnley sit bottom of the table on 26 points after 33 games in the league .     newcastle are 14th in the table on 35 points with five games remaining .
neil harris ' side look likely to be relegated from the sky bet championship .     goals from rudy gestede and jordan rhodes sealed the tie .     millwall are now four points from safety with two games to play .     blackburn are currently ninth after a strong finish to the season .
russian lgbt activist elena klimova found her trolls on social media .     she posted candid photos of them along with their hate-filled messages .     mailonline has chosen to blur the faces of those exposed .
tickets for the fight in las vegas go on sale on thursday night .     around 1000 tickets will be on sale priced between $ 1,500 and 7,500 each .     the mgm grand has a capacity of 16,500 but most of the tickets will be split between mayweather and pacquiao 's camps and the tv broadcasters .     up to 50,000 tickets for closed-circuit viewing will also be on sale .     jeff powell : mayweather 's now the mature man who weighs words carefully .
ariana miyamoto was born and raised in japan and speaks fluent japanese .     but 20-year-old found it tough growing up as only black girl in her class .     was raised in sasebo near nagasaki where japanese mum met her father .     has faced hostility for not being a ` pure japanese ' beauty pageant winner .     father bryant stanfield says japan will ` never be as proud of her as i am '
the findings , in the journal of the american medical association , are based on a study of about 95,000 young people .     some children in the study had elder siblings with autism .     but researchers found vaccines had no effect on autism risk , whether or not a sibling in the family was diagnosed .
the actress was woken up the morning of june 8 by a strange sound .     she walked around her home and found a stalker fan had broken in .     bullock then locked herself in her closet , which has a safe door for security , and called police .     on thursday , accused intruder joshua corbett had a hearing in la court .     during the hearing , bullock 's emotional call to police was played .     a judge is currently deciding whether there is enough evidence to put corbett on trial for stalking and breaking into bullock 's home .
mohammed emwazi wanted to join al-shabaab in somalia , source claims .     stopped in 2009 after flying to africa and was put on flight back home .     source claims he intended to go back , but did not after friends were killed .     bilal al-berjawi and mohammed sakr died during drone strikes in 2012 .     the same year emwazi travelled to syria where he joined islamic state .
fifth of young people do n't remember how they got home after drinking .     third forgot their entire night while one in 20 drove themselves home drunk .     but nearly a quarter considered alcohol to be more harmful than smoking .     half said the nhs should stop treating alcoholics given health warnings .
four teens busted towing nearly 2,000 cans of beer and ten litres of spirits .     stopped on interstate for driving pick-up and trailer with expired tag .     they told deputies they were heading to gulf shores for spring break .
victims of the 2012 colorado movie theater shooting testified in court on wednesday as the trial of suspect james holmes continued .     police officers who responded to the scene also spoke in court about the incident which resulted in the deaths of 12 moviegoers .     if convicted , holmes could face the death penalty .     his defense attorneys argue that he was insane .
millionaire gary lowndes purchased the tampa property in 2013 for $ 2 million and had wanted to film a reality show about strippers at the mansion .     he admitted defeat on friday after being found guilty of violating zoning codes due to noisey private functions held at the residence including the midsummer night wet dream event .     residents of the nearby cheval west community had repeatedly complained about the noise coming from the seven acre property .     on friday the county code enforcement board found that lownds had violated their rules and threatened to fine him .     he has put the property back on the market for $ 2.3 million .
toddler mikaeel kular was killed by mother rosdeep adekoya last january .     she beat her son before dumping his body in a suitcase in woods in fife .     social workers had visited family on a number of ocassions before tragedy .     report published today concluded they could not have predicted killing .
eight teams are left to battle for a place in the semi-finals of the european rugby champions cup .     sportsmail takes a look at their strengths , weaknesses , key players and record in the competition up until now .     the quarter-finals will be played over saturday and sunday april 4-5 .
actor kit harington made the comments on late night with seth myers .     he said belfast is ` wonderful for two or three days ' , drawing laughter .     harington plays the character jon snow on the hit hbo programme .     he appeared on the talk show to promote game of thrones ' new series .
footage shows best friends carmarie and kanya sat buckled up in the device at the indy speedway park on panama city beach in florida .     at the start they appear to be pretty calm but when the carriage tilts back and fires 300ft-high panic sets in .     at one point carmarie - who appears to be older - tells kanya : ` if i die , tell my mama i love her '     to date the clip of their traumatic theme park outing has been watched more than 17 million times on facebook .
rilie , four , heard the song at preschool and was performing it at dinner .     her eyes filled with tears before she sobbed with her arm over her face .     mom jessica carey posted the video on facebook and youtube .
neymar opens the scoring for barcelona after just 18 minutes thanks to an assist from lionel messi .     luis suarez makes it 2-0 after a brilliant individual goal - nutmegging david luiz before beating two more defenders .     suarez scores his second of the night in equally stunning fashion - again nutmegging luiz .     gregory van der wiel 's deflected effort gives psg some hope ahead of the second leg on april 21st .
defender darryl westlake fired kilmarnock ahead in the 50th minute .     midfielder kris commons levelled for the home side eight minutes later .     sub leigh griffiths netted three goals in a remarkable 19-minute spell .     celtic moved eight points clear at the top of the scottish premiership .
light gold moto 360 is available for customers to pre-order online from o2 .     customers ordering before 10pm on 20 april will receive watch on 21 april .     it will then go on general sale from o2 stores on 23 april for # 249.99 .
jordan spieth holds lead in 2015 masters .     strong starts from mcilroy and woods .     both fall away as 21 year old spieth takes control .
college judicial committee found alpha delta responsible for causing harm to pledges and violating terms of suspension for alcohol violations .     the 46-year-old fraternity has until next monday to appeal the decision .     alpha delta attorney previously said small group of members voluntarily chose to get brands .
chelsea loanee patrick bamford has impressed at middlesbrough .     21-year-old has scored 17 championship goals so far this season .     bamford insists he wants his long-term future to be at stamford bridge .
former australia captain and commentator benaud passed away aged 84 .     david lloyd had the privilege of commentating alongside benaud .     benaud 's attention to detail was second to none , says lloyd .     he had an incredible relationship with tony greig and bill lawry .     read : benaud 's family offered state funeral by tony abbott .
concerns growing for people trapped higher up the mountain .     helicopters begin airlifting injured people from the base camp in nepal .     climber reports at least 17 dead ; many others injured , missing or stuck .
an estimated 1,000 dance halls that sprung up around texas in the 1800s , knitting together german , czech , polish and other immigrant communities .     from about 1870 into the 1920s , european immigrants in texas built hundreds of these halls .     they largely served as meeting places for agricultural groups , rifle clubs and mutual benefit societies .     about 400 such halls still stand -- many unused and decaying .     only two traditional texas dance halls continue to operate on nearly a daily basis : luckenbach hall and gruene hall .     texas dance hall preservation and other groups are working to preserve the state 's remaining dance halls .     they are creating an inventory so that the most distinctive ones become candidates for the national register of historic places .
huntley high school in huntley , illinois , offers a blended learning program .     it allows students to combine online learning with in-person teacher instruction .
phone appointments replaced by doctors seeing patients on video calls .     repeat prescriptions and booking appointments could also go online .     # 250million from sale of nhs assets to create a ` paperless health service '
jamie pettingill avoids prison time after charged with armed robbery .     pettingill threatened to slice off the face of one of the people he robbed .     judge sandra davis did not jail pettingill , due to fears over his surname .     pettingill 's father , trevor , linked to infamous walsh street murders in 1988 .     the pettingill family inspired australian underworld film , animal kingdom .
scottish football coverage is at the mercy of sky and bt 's schedules .     yet , scottish football is never afforded the same precedence as england 's .     the demand for scottish football is nearing an all-time low .
victoria maizes , a doctor , says she avoids girl scout cookies because they contain sugar , fats . ca n't scouts promote healthy snacks ?     she says pediatricians offer little guidance on nutrition , yet a diet low in sugars , gmo 's , transfats , lowers overall mortality .
frankie gavin is set to take on kell brook at the 02 on may 30 .     eddie hearn says brook is up for the ibf welterweight world title fight .     talks have been held between the parties , but decision yet to be reached .     sportsmail understands an announcement could be made on friday .
77 people arrested in london as 3,000 police officers flood the streets .     ambulance crews in the capital receive 2,333 calls .
lib dem leader embarks on bizarre photo opportunities to stay in the news .     aides say it is part of strategy to meet voters where they work and play .     he has met a hedgehog and joey essex , pulled a pint and visited a spa .
sister gertrud tiefenbacher had been bound with a typewriter cord .     her body was discovered by other nuns at her mission in durban .     police say octogenarian had been robbed of a small amount of cash .
finnish daredevil antti pendikainen races his snowmobile off the edge of a mountain in sweden .     pendikainen defied gravity by floating effortlessly thanks to a parachute attached to the vehicle .     ideas is brain child of finnish extreme sports group stunt freak team .
kalimah dixon of georgia lost condo and belongings in fire on monday .     she said her children , aged one to 14 , now have nothing .     mother of three girls and three boys said american red cross has helped .     but , she said shelters turn the family away while she looks for place to live .
trailer 'em bedded ' into car windscreen in smash on a444 in coventry .     impact would have ` certainly been fatal ' if a couple of inches closer to driver .     paramedics were shocked when marcin wasniewski walked out unaided .
jeff yang : the media has a misconception about urban unrest in light of baltimore turmoil .     he says there 's no pattern of african americans `` targeting asian-owned businesses for destruction ''
jef rouner from houston , texas says his daughter was forced to wear jeans and a t-shirt with her spaghetti-strap sundress .     the father expresses frustration that only girls are targeted by school dress codes - even at such a young age .     he finds it shocking that a dress his daughter wore to church was deemed inappropriate .
three former captains in the frame to lead english cricket .     paul downton was sacked as managing director on wednesday .     michael vaughan has emerged as a leading candidate for the role .     alec stewart said he would consider taking up the position .     andrew strauss is also well respected within the game of cricket .
photos capture spectacular moment goose narrowly avoids fox 's jaw .     the sly animal is seen leaping in his bid to bring down the large bird .     action-packed photos captured by roger byng in gloucester wetlands .
women are wearing the ribbon and posting pictures on social media .     the breast-lifting look is inspired by the anime character hestia .     ribbon is tied so that when the arms move up , the breasts are lifted .
general in charge of us army recruiting has warned that america 's growing obesity epidemic ` is becoming a national security issue '     major general allen batschelet says 10 percent of young men and women are currently refused because they are too heavy .     current trends project that the military will be unable to recruit enough qualified soldiers by the end of the decade .     maximum body fat percentage that the army allows for recruits aged 17-20 is 20 percent for men and 30 percent for females .
more than 10,000 people marched in durban against violence , officials say .     twitter followers voiced their support through hashtag campaigns .     a cape town resident tweets his complaints against a zulu king .
mikki nicholson , 36 , suffered daily verbal abuse on the streets of carlisle .     she planned move to newcastle , where she hoped she would be accepted .     but was told she would risk homelessness if she left her social housing .     the former scrabble champion stepped in front of a train last november .     for confidential support on suicide matters in the uk , call the samaritans on 08457 90 90 90 , visit a local samaritans branch or click here .
swansea 's gerhard tremmel in goal behind the free agents ' 4-4-2 .     glen johnson , kolo toure , ron vlaar and luke garbutt at the back .     james milner , mikel arteta , tom cleverley and jonas gutierrez in midfield .     burnley 's danny ings and manchester united 's james wilson up front .
john clarkson 's chocolate pie is covered in pastry before being battered .     ` pie-egg-ra ' dish sold at mr eaters fish and chips in preston , lancashire .     each expertly baked and fried pie contains one and a half creme eggs .
manuela arbelaez handed contestant andrea a $ 21,960 hyundai sonata se for free on thursday 's show .     model revealed the correct price of the car too early - ending the show .     host drew carey was left with little option but to tell the contestant , ` congratulations ! manuela just gave you a car ! the game is over , folks '     arbelaez said she wanted to ` go into a wormhole and disappear '     claimed her body reacted quicker than her brain , leading to the mistake .
iran 's first supreme leader made a bitter peace with iraq 's saddam hussein .     nazila fathi : is current leader ayatollah khamanei trying to put iran on right track before he dies ?
mike holpin , from ebbw vale in monmouthshire , has at least 40 children .     the 56-year-old is set to marry for fourth time after meeting partner online .     his dating profile on plenty of fish is still active despite him being engaged .     one of his dozens of children said he wished he had never met his father .     mike holpin junior , 22 , claimed he would rather have been related to hitler .
horses complete transatlantic trip to las vegas in ` business class ' luxury .     80,000 fans expected as organizers spend $ 8m bringing horses back to vegas .     celebrity chefs and legends of sport will mix with top jumping and dressage riders .     world cup final trophies to be won -- some of the most prestigious in the sport .
travolta spoke out about the scientology-bashing hbo documentary on monday as he promoted his upcoming film the forger .     the saturday night fever star says he wo n't watch a film by ` disgruntled ' ex-members that is ` so decidedly negative '     travolta says the church helped him get through the ` loss of children , loved ones , physical illnesses ... many tough , tough life situations '
thomas cain 's mother orae mae died in 1943 , when he was just 13 .     he thought that no photographs of her had survived .     granddaughter andrea ferrell , 29 , tracked one down , and filmed the reveal .     emotional mr cain sheds tears as he looks on image from the 1920s .     ferrell is now looking for other photos - especially mr cain 's father .     can you help andrea ferrell track down the photograph of her great-grandfather , henry cain ? email her at andreavferrell@gmail.com .
colin kay was driving on the a586 when another car ploughed into his car .     the whole incident was captured on film by a dashcam on his dashboard .     he has been told the driver will not face any action over crash last year .     this is because the police officer investigating the case had gone off sick .
robosub was exploring the gulf of mexico off the coast of louisiana .     at 598 meters the sperm whale appeared in the robosub 's cameras .
photographer graeme oxby documented dedicated impersonators at a number of elvis tribute events across britain .     the 50-year-old from east yorkshire also visited fans ' homes for his photo series , called ` the kings of england '     mr oxby said most of the fans are old , but that there is a new generation of people discovering elvis ' music .
update : shelby offrink lost her battle to cancer on june 28 , 2015 .     offrink was diagnosed at 30 with rare inoperable brain cancer .     her husband , ben , was diagnosed with hodgkin 's lymphoma , which had been in remission 15 years .
raheem sterling and jordon ibe were pictured holding shisha pipes .     the england forward was also recorded on video inhaling nitrous oxide .     but sterling has avoid punishment from liverpool over the video .     arsenal and other clubs are now cooling their interest in sterling .     pictures emerged last week of liverpool star sterling smoking shisha .     footage also emerged of him inhaling nitrous oxide from a balloon .
nhs gave out 404,500 prescriptions for suncream at a cost of # 13m in 2014 .     also handed out 4.7 million prescriptions for indigestion pills costing # 29m .     other items routinely prescribed include vitamins , vaseline and toothpaste .     critics branded prescriptions ` ludicrous ' at time of financial crisis for nhs .
pekingese dogs marley and mitzy were taken from garden in doncaster .     suspected pet-napper caught on camera after the animals were snatched .     theft reported to the police and owners offer # 1,000 reward for their return .
researchers developed a model that combined long-term fisheries data with climate model projections from the met office .     as the north sea warms the number of popular species is likely to fall .     the prices of these staple fish could also rise as they become more rare .     john dory and red mullet may replace haddock , plaice and lemon sole .
#tacocannon trends in omaha as excited fans eat up the idea of flying tacos .     the cannon will shoot off tacos at university of nebraska-omaha 's new arena .
`` batman v. superman : dawn of justice '' trailer leaked thursday before being yanked offline .     film will be released on march 25 , 2016 and stars ben affleck and henry cavill .
charles kingham , 86 , and pauline moore , 68 , had their home pelted with eggs , stones and even cooking fat on a weekly basis .     thugs banged on their door and urinated on garden flowers .     couple were forced to board up all the windows for protection .     ms moore says yobs turned dream seaside home into living hell .
nuri sahin said he turned down an offer from arsenal to stay in germany .     the decision was based on his family 's wishes to not move to england .     former liverpool loanee said borussia dortmund is his ` home ' club .     read : wenger reveals secrets of his team selection process .     click here for the latest arsenal news .
police have issued a warrant for the arrest of a woman charged with bestiality with her dog .     the woman failed to appear twice in a brisbane court of a strong of charges .     the bestiality charges were laid after police checked jenna louise driscoll 's phone for suspected drug trafficking .     they found three videos which allegedly show her having sex with a dog .     the 25-year-old was due to appear at brisbane magistrates court on monday .     she failed for the second time and police issued the warrant .
puno is not the most famous place in peru - but it is one of the most fun .     it sits on the west bank of the famous -lrb- and spectacular -rrb- lake titicaca .     visitors can sail on the lake to visit the fabled artificial uros islands .
james anderson plays his 100th test match in antigua starting monday .     the quick needs four scalps to become england top test wicket taker .     he was called ` pro killer ' as a teen knocking over batsmen for burnley .     mark butcher recalls jimmy 's test debut at lord 's back in 2003 .
labour leader ed miliband had motivational notes for televised debate .     secret cribsheet revealed his set of reminders including ` me versus dc '     also included words : ` happy warrior ' , ` calm , never agitated ' and ` decency '     labour defended notes calling them evidence of miliband 's ` positive vision '
the newly discovered species looks a lot like kermit .     you can see its internal organs through the translucent skin on its belly .
cory booker : the unfortunate reality is that the united states leads the world in incarceration , not education .     at the same time , we are losing the increasingly important race to educate our citizens .
princess beatrice is at the condé nast international luxury conference .     she watched a lecture by vogue 's suzy menkes and karl lagerfeld .     first night spent partying at a palazzo with ralph lauren 's son .     returned to the lecture room for a second day in a row today .
aston villa and reading both charged with failing to stop spectators encroaching on to the pitch during fa cup quarter-finals .     villa 's victory over west brom was marred by chaotic scenes .     reading 's win over bradford saw fans invade the madejski stadium pitch .     clubs have until thursday to respond to fa charges .
sawyer burmeister , a horse-riding champion and sometimes actress , tweeted the barb on thursday evening .     second twitter used forwarded it to donald trump , the real estate titan who 's a possible republican presidential candidate .     a trump social media employee -- one of ten on his staff who help with twitter and other platforms -- retweeted the message .     trump deleted it , but the internet is forever .
dzhokhar tsarnaev is on trial for his alleged role in the boston marathon bombings .     tsarnaev 's sister , ailina , was in court in december related to aggravated harassment charges .     tsarnaev 's mother is wanted on felony charges of shoplifting and destruction of property .
marc albrighton opens the scoring for leicester with neat finish in the area after a slip by cesar azpilicueta .     didier drogba equalises for chelsea just three minutes into the second half after an assist from branislav ivanovic .     john terry puts chelsea ahead with a close-range finish with just 11 minutes left to play .     ramires seals the win for chelsea with a stunning drilled effort from just outside the box .     chelsea can win the premier league title with victory against crystal palace at stamford bridge on sunday .
black players allegedly heckled and racially abused during sunday 's game .     milan say incidents if true are ` simply unacceptable '     milan take on benfica in universal cup semi-finals in tuscany on monday .
alan lawrence created a photo series in which his 18-month old son , wil , appears to be flying to raise awareness about down syndrome .     wil has down syndrome and lawrence says the toddler ` brings a light to our family '     lawrence plans to put the photos in a calendar and donate half the proceeds to two down syndrome foundations .
revellers took part in outdoor parades and morris dancing to celebrate st george 's day across the country .     temperatures soared to 20.9 c in north yorkshire but forecasters warned colder , wetter weather was on the way .     from tomorrow the weather will return to what is normal for this time of year with clouds and highs of around 12c .
match will take place at south africa 's ellis park stadium on august 1 .     the encounter will feature a team africa vs team world format .     chris paul will lead team world with luol deng skippering team africa .     nba coaches mike budenholzer and gregg popovich will be in attendance .     more than 35 players from africa have played in the nba since two-time nba champion hakeem olajuwon was drafted in 1984 .
lewis hamilton won the chinese gp with nico rosberg finishing second .     rosberg accused his team-mate of being selfish by driving too slow .     mika hakkinen says hamilton was right to worry about his own race .     read : hamilton insists rosberg was not trying to win in shanghai .     read : hamilton ready for rosberg 's underhand tactics .
por-bajin was discovered a century ago and is still a mystery for experts .     the 3.5 hectare site is located in a siberian lake near the mongolian border .     the unexplained site is estimated to have been built between 744-840 ad .
joshua leakey receives sixth vc queen has given to a living uk recipient .     l/cpl 's cousin was posthumous vc recipient in 1945 for gallantry in wwii .     he says award highlights efforts of all soldiers who went to battle taliban .     three generations of his family including grandparents attend ceremony .
phillip buchanon was a first-round draft pick for the oakland raiders in 2002 when his mother made what he called the ` desperate demand '     buchanon , who is now retired , instead bought her a brand new house .     but she refused to sell her old house and rented it to her sister .     so he ended up paying maintenance for both houses for seven years without getting any of the rent money .     when buchanon finally had enough his mother asked for $ 15,000 instead of a smaller house whose upkeep she could afford .
chrissy teigen shared a picture of her stretch marks this week .     the model was praised by those calling her a role model .     now hundreds of women have taken to instagram to share their pictures .
adhere to beach rules and stay out of shark-infested waters .     however , not wearing jewellery in the water might not be considered .     tragic death of 13-year-old surfer elio canestri sees the threat of sharks once again in the spotlight .     shark attacks continue to rise over the course of the century .
acting clinton foundation ceo maura pally said ` yes , we made mistakes '     fund ` mistakenly combined ' government grants and other donations .     foundation faces criticism after report it received millions from executive who sold uranium company to russia in state department-approved deal .     pally said canadian law prevented its partner from disclosing the donation .     took in $ 140million in 2013 and spent on $ 84.6 million on payroll and operations and just $ 9million on direct aid .
andreas christopheros was left fighting for his life when corrosive liquid was thrown in his face outside his truro , cornwall , home on december 9 .     nicole phillips , 45 , from hastings , has been charged with perverting the course of justice and will appear at magistrates ' in bodmin on april 30 .     husband david phillips , 48 , had already been charged over the attack .     has denied grevious bodily harm with intent and will stand trial in june .
logan kehoe , 13 , was having a last dip on family holiday when he drowned .     spanish police say the birmingham teenager died of accidental drowning .     tributes have been left to the young man by friends on his facebook page .     his headmaster described logan as a ` loved and valued young student '
ulrike berger , 44 , ` flew to germany with daughter kaia on march 22 '     the seven-year-old had been dropped off by her father the day before .     custody court order prevents berger , a german national , from leaving the country with kaia .
mazzy was on board a southwest airlines flight over the us when the entire airplane sang her happy birthday and brought her to tears of joy .     mazzy , who just turned four , suffers from spina bifida and is paralyzed from the waist down .     the crew of the airplane made mazzy a crown from pretzels and a birthday cake made from toilet paper .
chelsea sealed a 1-0 victory against manchester united at stamford bridge .     eden hazard struck in the 38th minute after a storming run into the box .     john terry marshalled the chelsea defensive line superbly .     wayne rooney 's midfield role blunted his influence .     radamel falcao struggled to cope with terry all afternoon .
rogue one will be a prequel to the original trilogy .     first ` anthology film ' will be about rebels on a rogue mission to steal plans to the death star .     felicity jones - star of ` the theory of everything ' will star as a rebel soldier .
eaze app lets people order marijuana for medical purposes to their home .     californian start-up raised $ 10 million to roll out app to other states .     lists the composition of cannabis and users pay when they receive drugs .     orders can arrive in minutes from drivers that have been vetted by the firm .
jenrry mejia suspended for 80 new york mets games without pay .     mejia tested positive for banned substance stanozolol .     25-year-old right hander will not be able to play again until at least july .
godfrey elfwick recruited via twitter to appear on world have your say .     came after claims he had never seen the star wars franchise before .     on the show he described the films as both anti-women and anti-gay .     also said that darth vader was a black man and a ` really bad racial stereotype '
system previously installed in ten animal shelters across the us .     allows anyone to move cat toys and see the results .     helps relieve boredom for the animals , and has boosted adoption rates .
video shows cher lair from apex , north carolina , cutting into a cake at her gender reveal party with family gathered around .     she did not know the sex of her baby and gave the scan results to a baker .     as she lifts up a slice of pink sponge , she can hardly believe her eyes and proceeds to scream out in excitement .     the mother-of-six said that she and her husband , stephen , had given up on ever having a daughter - their first is due in august .
us president barack obama said on saturday that diplomacy was the best option to deal with iran 's contested nuclear program .     this just two days after a framework was agreed upon which would curb iran 's nuclear program and potentially lift economic sanctions .     israeli prime minister benjamin netanyahu said yesterday this new agreement would ` threaten the very survival of the state of israel '     many americans , especially republicans , also believe this has now paved the way for iran to develop an atomic bomb .
a businesswoman worries that if hillary clinton becomes president , her hormones will make her go to war .     mel robbins : what 's scary is that the bias against women in the workplace is still going strong in 2015 .
laura bernardini is a lifelong catholic but had never read the bible from cover to cover .     for the next year , she 's going to read every word , from genesis to revelation .
case begins when police find video of what appears to be a gang rape .     2 students from troy university in alabama are charged in the case .
liz the bearded dragon appears to understand the english language .     the cheeky reptile nods when asked ` are you hungry ? ' by her owner .     shannen hussein has a number of pets on her hobby farm in melbourne .
at a size 34b , annabel cole has long dreamed of having a bigger bust .     the scandfit try size bra claims to take you from a b-cup to a dd-cup .     annabel decided to put ` the boob-job bra ' through its paces in three sizes .
raymond van barneveld beat fellow dutchman michael van gerwen 7-3 .     robin van persie watched the clash via a rather bizarre camel tv .     phil taylor beat dave chisnall 7-3 and drew with stephen bunting in a pulsating clash to end the premier league darts in scotland .     adrian lewis crushed bunting as he lost twice in aberdeen .     gary anderson produced a stunning comeback in front of his home crowd to draw 6-6 with james wade after being four legs down .
raymond frolander , 18 , sexually abused 11-year-old boy at florida home .     child 's father walked in on assault and beat teen to pulp , then called 911 .     father told the dispatcher : ` send an ambulance . he is going to need one '     after frolander 's arrest , police released bruised and bloodied mug shot .     it was widely shared online , with users congratulating father on actions .     now , frolander has been jailed for 25 years for molesting the youngster .     will be listed as sexual predator and be electronically monitored for life .     ` he 's going to learn in next 25 years why i let him live , ' boy 's father said .
jay brittain , 63 , paints the talons of baby owls at small breeds farm park and owl centre , herefordshire .     the fledglings look so similar at birth that staff could end up overfeeding them , which can be fatal for the birds .     so he instructed workers at the farm to varnish their nails using nail polish in their very own ` talon salon '
labour leader 's secret cribsheets revealed his peculiar set of reminders .     included words ` happy warrior , calm , never agitated ' and ` me versus dc '     labour defended notes calling them evidence of miliband 's ` positive vision '
tillman spent 12 years in chicago but the new team management did not declare an interest to retain his services .     a staple of lovie smith 's stingy defense , he will again link up with ron rivera , whowas the bears defensive co-ordinator between 2004-06 .     tillman holds a number of franchise records and the forced fumble specialist joins sean mcdermott 's scheme .     he has also been honoured for his work in the community and won the 2014 walter payton man of the year award .
photographer timothy bouldry spent time at a massive landfill in guwahati , india .     about 100 families live inside the boragaon landfill , but bouldry said they are `` content ''
reporter roger lohse was reporting on burning brush near miami , florida .     cameraman noticed tiny black kitten being rescued behind him lohse .     firefighters revealed kitten had been hiding in modelo beer box from fire .
landen martin , two , was killed after running behind the car on sunday .     his uncle , 19-year-old joshua saunders was backing out of the driveway of a gainesville , georgia home when the accident occurred , police said .     the child was pronounced dead at northeast georgia medical center .     saunders was arrested on charges including reckless driving , leaving the scene of an accident and vehicular homicide .
judd trump beat stuart carrington 10-6 in the first round at the cucible .     trump led 7-2 overnight but made hard work in finishing carrington off .     the 25-year-old will face marco fu in second round of world championship .
diane greenberg is a catholic and her husband , bob , is jewish .     pair from new hope , pennsylvania , decided to raise kids in different faiths .     katie , now 24 , received catholic religious instruction and was confirmed .     steven , 21 , had jewish teaching - but was ultimately not given a bar mitzvah .     family say many find arrangement baffling - but have defended it .
french stylist nathalie croquet stepped in front of the lens for pic project .     she recreated spoof ads for brands such as givenchy , lancome & lanvin .     the series of 11 pictures were shot by photographer daniel schweizer .
village watchman fought off a wild leopard armed with only a stick in india .     managed to strike the big cat on the head before it dumped him to the floor .     bystanders could be heard screaming as it stood at the feet of the man .     managed to fend off the leopard with his stick while still on the ground .
liz smith , 92 , is spilling celebrity secrets that she never printed over the course of her 70-year career .     smith began working at 25 and went on to become the gossip columnist for both the new york post and new york daily news .     smith , a lesbian , claims iac chairman barry diller asked her in 1992 : ` do you think i should come out ? '     despite this claim , smith says diller is in love with his wife diane von furstenberg , who he has been with since the 1970s and married in 2001 .     as for enemies , she never again spoke to jackie kennedy 's sister lee radziwill after she refused to defend truman capote and called him a ` f ** '     she counts elizabeth taylor , elaine stritch , former texas governor ann richard and bette midler as her closest friends .     barbara walters was a good friend she claims , but lost interest in smith when she lost her newspaper column at the post .
louisa steckenreuter was diagnosed with osteosarcoma last june .     the mother-of-two , 35 , is fundraising to access expensive treatment .     a drug called keytruda could buy her more time with her husband and kids .     it costs $ 6000 a month and is not on the pharmaceutical benefits scheme .     ms steckenreuter would be the first australian with her cancer to trial drug .
the film is out in theaters today .     co-star paul walker died during production .     critics say `` furious 7 '' is bittersweet and `` plenty of crazy fun ''
v stiviano showed off new braces while out to lunch thursday at il pastaio in beverly hills .     she was joined by an older male companion who gave her a gift when she arrived .     this just days before a judge will decide if she must hand over $ 2.8 million in gifts she received from her ex , donald sterling .
steve bruce has promised wife janet to go on a diet and lose some weight .     hull boss was pictured lapping up the sun with pal alan shearer .     bruce was enjoying a short holiday during the international break .
unbeaten championship leaders leigh beat super league side salford .     centurions twice come from behind to beat red devils in challenge cup .
thaddeus mccarroll , 23 , was fatally shot outside his mother 's home on friday night after he charged at police with a knife .     mccarroll 's mother called police and told them he spoke of ` going on a joury , ' a ` black revolution , ' and carried a samurai sword and knives .     st. louis county police did not say whether mccarroll was black and could not immediately be reached for comment .     bodycam footage of the incident shows that police fired a ` less lethal round ' before fatally shooting the man .
aston villa and qpr drew 3-3 in the premier league on tuesday night .     tim sherwood and chris ramsey 's reunion had twists and turns to it .     the two clubs ' premier league statuses were not decided by the draw .
two-bedroom property first rented by len and beatrice barnes in 1915 .     brought it 40 years later for # 350 before passing it to daughter freda .     family have now all moved away and house is on market for # 164,500 .
cody got stuck after wandering into ditch in belvedere , south-east london .     animal rescue experts spent an hour and a half rescuing distressed horse .     after being freed , the horse was seen by a vet and taken back to his stables .
photos from across the nsw coast show the devastation caused by the worst storm to smash the area in ten years .     in the hunter region of new south wales a staggering 312mm of rain fell in 24 hours .     in dramatic scenes , four houses in the town of dungog were washed away in the raging floodwaters .     animals have been stranded by the floods with one horse rescued from drowning by a woman in a tin boat .     beaches including bondi have been forced to close due to high winds .     but surfers have braved the huge tidal surge despite grave warnings from authorities .
kristina schake , 45 , ` is part of mrs clinton 's 2016 communications team '     she will help to transform politician into a softer , more accessible figure .     she previously helped turn first lady michelle obama into ` everywoman '     she advised mrs obama to perform ` mom dancing ' with jimmy kimmel .     also masterminded infamous 2011 ` undercover ' shopping trip to target .     ms schake has been working as l'oreal 's chief communications officer .     her new job could prove difficult in wake of mrs clinton 's email scandal .     mrs clinton will likely announce her run for white house this month .
lori smith filmed her pooch boomer being repeatedly hit as she lay with her head resting on the ledge of her electronic dog door .     after more than 20 seconds and numerous head taps boomer appears resting in the same position .
graeme swann revealed the exact moment alastair cook 's form turned .     if adil rashid was picked for the second test he 'd be england 666th player .     devon smith was the first grenadan ever to score a test run in grenada .
also in danger are over 400 public venues and dependent care facilities .     study estimates 77 % of communities have the 15-25 minutes required to evacuate safely after an earthquake hits .     some communities in washington , the most at-risk state , could increase chance of survival simply by walking faster .     but certain communities along the coast are too far from high ground for a safe evacuation - no matter how fast they walk .     they will need to build special evacuation structures instead .
rory mcilroy and tiger woods spoke with augusta club member jeff knox .     mcilroy believes knox reads augusta putting surfaces better than anyone .     knox played as a non-competing marker with mcilroy last year .     on friday knox answered call from tiger woods to play a practice round .
renee bergeron , 38 , captures children with disabilities at their most confident for her superhero project .     the washington-based photographer 's first subject was her son , apollo , who has a feeding tube in his stomach .     she takes the photos free of charge to encourage families and to spread awareness .
phil jagielka visited chaophraya restaurant with sponsors chang beer .     the everton skipper had a cookery lesson with thai chef kim kaewkraikhot .     england defender jagielka was pleased that he ` did n't burn anything down '     the toffees take on swansea on saturday looking for a fourth win in a row .
ap mccoy rode in his last races on saturday at sandown park .     his final ride was a third place finish on box office in esher .     mccoy said the reception from fans has made retiring easier .     he said he considered retiring quietly , but is glad he did n't .
diego costa to be given late fitness test following hamstring injury .     john obi mikel will not be included despite recovering from knee injury .     jon walters expected to shake off a calk knock for stoke city .     marc muniesa expected back after five games out with hamstring problem .
footage reveals huge variety of life on the seabed .     sea stars , sponges and anemones can be seen at the ocean bottom .     probe could help in the search for life on europa , a moon of jupiter .
a three-metre crocodile ate a one metre long lizard in one bite at a river .     fishing guide carol gleeson watched the battle at mary river this week .     ms gleeson said she has never witnessed anything like this before .     it comes after a 4.38 m croc had been eating dogs was caught last month .
cardiff city have joined their fans in protest against leeds united tickets .     the two sides face each other in the championship on saturday at 3pm .     cardiff have returned the entirety of their 500 allocation for yorkshire trip .     there is a history of trouble between the supporters of both clubs .     leeds refuse to give cardiff rights to show the game live at their ground .
harry kane is the premier league 's joint-top goalscorer with 19 but was 500/1 to win the golden boot at the beginning of the season .     michael owen emerged in 1997-98 but managed to maintain his form .     kane has captured the imagination since earning his senior england debut .     nobody had ever won player of the month three times in a row but kane went desperately close after winning it in january and february .     olivier giroud beat him to march despite kane 's five goals that month .     vincent kompany and kane have coincidentally played 1,876 minutes each this season , and both have won 25 tackles apiece .     kane features twice in the top 20 most distances covered in a match .     he was given a taster of what is to come by italy defender giorgio chiellini .
millions of chinese enjoy the qingming festival - ` pure brightness festival ' - to celebrate the coming spring .     last day of festival sees chinese families visit their ancestors ' graves to clean , burn paper money and pray .     record number of journeys made by chinese over the three-day public holiday , which falls in april every year .
erik compton has had two heart transplants , the last in 2008 .     compton , now on his third heart , is ready to make his augusta debut .     the 35-year-old is also a campaigner for charity donate life .     his first masters appearance coincides with donate life month .
four seasons set out to recreate their famed hotel experience in the sky .     jet features plush interior and leather flat-bed seats designed by iacobucci .     an all inclusive trip on private jet will set you back approximately # 63,000 .     the plane , including the staff and crew , is also available for private charter .
elijah overcomer and his wife rosanna walked out of gloriavale .     it is a secretive christian commune on the new zealand west coast .     he said m night shyamalan movie the village is a ` good comparison '     ` all you know to be outside gloriavale is a lot of evil '     he was initially kicked out for ` asking too many questions '     after leaving gloriavale , family grappled with religious fears .     people opened their homes , hearts and wallets to the gloriavale refugees .     a timaru church has been instrumental in settling the family .     there has recently been an exodus from gloriavale .
the company says it is seeking to `` redefine sexy ''     victoria 's secret was criticized for its `` perfect body '' campaign .
savage swan nicknamed asbaby attacked punters on the backs area of river cam in cambridge over easter .     mr asbo , the swan believed to be his grandfather , was moved away in 2012 after repeatedly attacking rowers .     asbaby seen getting close to tourists , eating sandwiches , drinking from bottles and trying to steal handbag .     swan , which still has many brown baby feathers , said to be son of asboy - which has also terrorised punters .
police make dramatic arrest after woman 's body is found in man 's car .     the man 27-year-old man had been on the run since wednesday night .     ` show me your hands ! ' the arresting police officer screams at the man .     he gives himself up without a struggle and his taken away by police .     police are yet to identify body of the woman found in the car in bermagui .     detectives are investigating if there 's a link to missing canberra couple .     daniella d'addario , 35 , was reported missing on monday along with her boyfriend josaia -lrb- joey -rrb- vosikata , 27 .     ms d'addario was a teacher at canberra high school in 2009 .
boeing 787-8 was bound for cancun after leaving london gatwick .     pilot made decision to divert to bermuda due to ` disruptive passengers .     police confirm two men removed from plane and taken into custody .
raheem sterling wants to be known as ' a kid that loves to play football '     the england star has rejected a new deal and put off talks until the summer .     sterling was attempting to call the shots during interview with the bbc .     20-year-old has come a long way since being lectured by rodgers in tv documentary in the summer of 2012 .     sterling has two years left to run on his existing # 35,000-a-week contract .     he says he would have signed a new deal at this point last season .     sterling admits it is ` quite flattering ' to be linked with a move to arsenal .     liverpool are infuriated that sterling gave interview in the first place .     some feel he and his representatives are pushing for summer departure .     sterling : what he said about contract talks ... and what he meant .     read : sportsmail answers five questions on sterling 's future .     click here for latest liverpool news and reaction to sterling 's interview .
david templeton spoke out about his former managers last week .     stuart mccall admits his winger ` made an error ' with his comments .     lee mcculloch 's red card against hearts could cost him his starting place .
at the namale resort & spa in fiji , couples can be ` kidnapped ' for a picnic .     the kimpton hotels provide a complementary pet goldfish in guest rooms .     there 's a ` best man for hire ' at the wild dunes resort in south carolina .
abby bishop took in her two-day-old niece zala in august 2013 .     now zala is 20 months old and she follows bishop as she travels the world playing for professional basketball teams .     bishop said it was a big decision but she would n't change anything .     zala will go with her when she starts playing in the u.s. wnba in may .
father from milton keynes says he has a physical reaction to the politician .     he says he has to turn tv off when farage appears or he becomes sick .     wife tells how sufferer 's hands shake when he hears ukip leader 's voice .     expert says the symptoms are similar to that experienced in a phobia .
scott quigg and i have taken all the risks - carl frampton must step up .     we 've written him a cheque for # 1.5 million so what is stopping them ?     i 've also held talks with kiko martinez and nonito donaire for july 18 .     kell brook vs frankie gavin under strong consideration for may 30 .     anthony joshua will probably fight again on may 9 in birmingham .
mirko filipovic aims to avenge 2007 first-round defeat to gabriel gonzaga .     filipovic was beaten by a head-kick from the brazilian eight years ago .     he admitted revenge is a motivating factor ahead of saturday 's bout .
official who accused mr shapps of doctoring his profile a former lib dem .     richard symonds , 29 , is one of the uk 's top administrators for wikipedia .     however , he once described himself as a ` liberal democrat to the last '     he decided to block a user called ` contribsx ' on tuesday after concluding it was probably operated by mr shapps or under his ` clear direction '
motor insurers direct line group put him under video surveillance .     he was filmed meeting his friend clifford and pals in coffee shop .     but the claimant argues footage proves he does not go far from home .     lawyer says client ventures no further than a 1,350 ft radius from house .     engineer tells how injuries from accident put an end to his active life .
manuela arbelaez handed the price is right contestant andrea a $ 21,960 hyundai sonata se for free on thursday 's show .     the absentminded model revealed the correct price of the car too early .     host drew carey was left with little opinion but to tell the contestant , ` congratulations ! manuela just gave you a car ! the game is over , folks '
cases have been traced to ill travelers from india and dominican republic .     symptoms include diarrhea , stomach cramps and nausea .     sometimes antibiotics are prescribed for more serious cases .     however strain has become increasingly resistant to drugs .
fbi agents and a suspected serial robber exchange gunfire in an fbi stakeout .     two fbi agents are injured and the suspect is shot during the gunfight .
natasha jonas has announced her retirement from the world of boxing .     the 30-year-old was the first female to represent britain at the olympics .     jonas won the bronze medals at the world and european championships .     click here for all the latest boxing news .
an unnamed woman was shot by police after she allegedly opened fire on them while sitting in the back of a cop car .     the incident happened near the fulton county courthouse in downtown atlanta on thursday .     the woman had been taken into custody after being found sitting inside a stolen car .     at one point the woman fired at least two shots at the officers , and they returned fire , fatally wounding her .
nac breda let slip a two-goal lead , sending boss robert maaskant wild .     their manager was so upset with what he 'd seen he punched the dugout .     the game on saturday ended 2-2 against last-placed team fc dordrecht .
thibaut courtois was superb in chelsea 's goal with a number of key saves .     cesar azpilicueta and john terry impressed at the back for qpr .     charlie austin caused problems and was brilliantly denied by courtois .
men are learning to embrace their grey hair with style - and women love it .     femail checks out the young trendsetters and classic silver-haired stars .     we offer grooming tips from experts to help your man go grey gracefully .
meaghan keeler-pettigrew , stuart bradin : u.s. must rethink special forces .     united states is spreading foreign military assistance too thin , they say .
jeni 's splendid ice creams of ohio said in an online statement on thursday that it has initiated voluntary recall of all of its products .     company 's ice creams , frozen yogurts , sorbets and ice cream sandwiches are being recalled and retail stores are closed until products are 100pc safe .     nebraska department of agriculture found listeria in a sample of jeni 's ice cream it randomly collected at a whole foods in lincoln , nebraska .     jeni 's wrote in statement that it was taking precautionary measure in order to ensure complete consumer safety .     on monday , blue bell creameries issued a voluntary recall of its products .     centers for disease control and prevention said there are no known illnesses linked to jeni 's products .
richie benaud has died at the age of 84 after a short battle with skin cancer .     benaud captained australia as a player before going into broadcasting .     his commentary style became globally synonymous with cricket .     click here for benaud tributes as the cricket world mourns his death .
french free diver jumped into dean 's blue hole in the bahamas .     guillame néry is seen at the edge before taking the plunge .     the hole is 660ft -lrb- 200 metres -rrb- deep , although he does n't go to the bottom .     free divers are able to hold their breath for more than 20 minutes .
surgeon general vivek murthy enlists elmo for pro-vaccine campaign .     video sees dr murthy explain to elmo why vaccines are important .     released in the wake of recent measles outbreak in north america .     started at disneyland in california , and sickened 147 people in the u.s.
clorox has apologized for a social media misstep .     the company sparked outrage by tweeting ` where 's the bleach ' in reference to last week 's introduction of new 'em oji ' cartoons for iphones .     those cartoons included faces of people with black and brown skin .     the company says it was attempting a humorous reference to other emojis for objects like toilets and bathtubs that people use bleach to clean .     its post hit a nerve when news reports and online discussions were focusing on the new collection of racially diverse faces .
state department has banned safer hassan 's license plate ' 370h55v '     it has been on his lamborghini for three years without any problems .     now texas department for motor vehicles have banned ` offensive ' plates .
all hunting memorabilia removed from public display at norfolk estate .     more than 60 items , including an indian tiger , have been placed in storage .     and the blood-red walls have been painted white to make change clear .     new sign outside sandringham museum makes pointed reference to how changing times have spelled the end for some exhibits .
brazilian neymar took to instagram to show off his skills to his followers .     quick-footed barcelona attacker impressed for the filming camera .     neymar will be hoping to show off that trickery away against sevilla .     barcelona currently sit four points clear of rivals real madrid at the top .
sergio perez admits force india are relying on june upgrade to improve .     mexican fears very painful year if upgrade fails to raise competitiveness .     force india missed much of pre-season testing and are well off the pace .
new york teen daria rose lost everything in hurricane sandy and was recently accepted to seven ivy league schools .     rose and her family lived in multiple hotels and at her grandmother 's house for a year and a half after the 2012 superstorm .     in a college application essay , rose spoke of her hurricane sandy experience .
tv star terry willesee 's son arrested for smoking weed at sydney town hall .     jesse willesee ran a #weedisnotacrime social media campaign on monday .     the marijuana advocate 's girlfriend provocatively poses in marijuana - themed underwear to support his stance .     jasmine dinjar also shows off her marijuana leaf-painted nails and lights up with a pipe in her social media posts .
worrying rise in the amount of child abuse discovered on the internet .     experts from internet watch foundation removed 31,000 web pages .     this represented a 136 per cent rise from around 13,000 the previous year .     most pictures and videos found online were on websites in north america .
around one in seven couples suffer with infertility .     dr xiao-ping zhai offers help via with traditional chinese medicine .     uses acupuncture and prescribes course of chinese herbs .
tim swiel spent four months on loan at harlequins earlier this season .     the 23-year-old featured in the european champions cup and lv = cup .     the fly-half will return to the club on a full-time contract next season .
operators are charging up to 20p a minute - even if 0800 numbers are free .     some are important services run by government and nhs departments .     watchdog ofcom published proposals to put an end to the rip-off in july .
saige 's rant is captured on film by her mother who put it online .     she loaded the funny video on to her youtube channel fourth st. james .     clip in which little girl threatens to leave has been watched 120,000 times .     saige : ` this is way dirty , it has no space . my room is a disaster '
entertainer yousef saleh erakat posed as a homeless man in los angeles .     most people responded to his offer of a $ 10 bill angrily , cursing at him , giving him the finger and calling him names .     one man brags about his black card and points to his mercedes benz , telling the seemingly homeless man he needs to ` earn his way up '     only two people in the video actually stop and offer erakat money instead .
robert fidler has lived in castle in salfords , surrey , since 2002 with family .     used bales of hay to disguise the building before unveiling it in 2006 .     tried to exploit loophole that allows building if no complaints for four years .     66-year-old must now demolish the four-bedroom house worth # 1million .
author of ` why women hate me for being beautiful ' article speaks out .     the 44-year-old is ` utterly peeved ' by the ` exploitative ' dove campaign .     samantha claims women 's need for modesty is down to self-protection .
scott keyes , a 28-year-old writer , is about to travel 20,000 miles on 21 flights and visit 13 countries .     for this trip he will pay hardly anything , with all flights and hotels already covered thanks to airline miles and credit card points .     he will make stops in mexico , nicaragua , trinidad , st. lucia , grenada , germany , czech republic , ukraine , bulgaria , greece , macedonia , lithuania , and finland .     the trip took him between 10 to 15 hours to plan and cost him 136,500 frequent flyer miles .
previous popes had finessed the question of whether the killing of 1.5 million armenians was genocide .     because he often shines such a smiley face on the world , it can be easy to forget the bluntness francis sometimes brings to the bully pulpit .
the 54-year-old actress covers marie claire 's career-oriented supplement , which is featured in the may issue of the magazine .
last month , the company and health officials said a 3-ounce cup of ice cream contaminated with listeriosis was traced to a plant oklahoma .     officials determined at least four people hospitalized with the bacteria drank milkshakes that contained blue bell ice cream , three of whom later died .     the disease primarily affects pregnant women , newborns , older adults and people with weakened immune systems .
adjoining homes are virtually identical , boasting indoor pool and sea views .     but one of the beachfront homes in poole has an extra en-suite bedroom .     properties have replaced a four-storey house which was sold for # 4.5 m .     lloyds property group said they would suit couple who like independence .
the pair invite random members of the public to make music with them .     they find an impressive singer and record a song with his vocals .     brisbane dj-duo mashed n kutcher uploaded the video last week .     it has had 1.25 million views and been covered by media around the globe .     the pair wanted to show that musical talent can be found anywhere .     the jogger in the clip , ross burbury , is a singer songwriter from brisbane who works in direct sales for media company news corporation .
budi was introduced to jemmi less than a month ago and now the two apes appear to be inseparable .     indeed , video from the international animal rescue 's orangutan center in indonesia , shows the duo throwing adoring glances at each other .     budi was dying from malnutrition and too weak to move when he was discovered in borneo , indonesia , last december .     meanwhile , eight-month-old jemmi was orphaned when her mother was killed and then illegally sold as a pet .
photographer captures the baby bear making the most of its mother 's thick fur by bedding down on it for a nap .     the young family can be seeing playing in the water at kuril lake in kamchatka , russia .     like with most babies , their exuberance leaves them exhausted so they all go for a quick afternoon snooze .
spacex says weather forced it to delay its rocket launch plan .     the company plans to launch a two-stage rocket to the international space station .     after the launch , spacex will try to guide the bottom stage upright onto the platform .
alexis tsipras , greece 's prime minister , will meet vladimir putin in moscow .     the meeting comes amid reports russia is considering bailing out greece .     reports kremlin may offer loans and discounts on supplies of natural gas .
luo kun kun expelled from his village in china when diagnosed with hiv .     residents - including his grandfather - signed a petition to banish him .     he was refused admission to schools and said ` nobody plays with me '     now a specialist school in linfen , shanxi province , has stepped in to help .     the red ribbon school is equipped to look after hiv-positive children .
kylie leuluai needs surgery on his shoulder .     veteran leeds prop facing the prospect of another six weeks out .     the 37-year-old new zealander has not played since last month .
56-page book contains turing 's thoughts on tricky ` leibniz notation dx/dy '     it was written at the bletchley park code-breaking headquarters in 1942 .     only extensive turing manuscript thought to exist , the auctioneer said .     it will be sold by an anonymous seller by bonhams in new york on monday .
the popular joejoe has over 60,000 followers on instagram .     capybara stands calmly in the bath with three ducklings on its back .     giant rodent lives in las vegas with his owner cody kennedy .
walter scott shouted obscenities at a man and pushed a deputy , was jailed .     report also shows he was $ 7,500 down on child support when he was shot .     had already been jailed three times for missing payments in 2011 and 2012 .     there was nothing directing officers to bring him to family court .     dashcam footage shows scott running from his car after being pulled over .     minutes later officer slager shot him in the back in a nearby park .
williams was suspended from nbc in february after it emerged he 'd lied about being in a helicopter that was shot down in iraq in 2003 .     a new report in vanity fair claims williams lied because he felt insecure taking over from beloved anchor tom brokaw at the nightly news .     while some execs saw his lying as ` quirks ' of his personality , the tales left brokaw ` incensed ' and he ultimately did n't support williams in february .     after he was accused of lying , williams wondered if he had a brain tumor .     but other nbc employees said williams had always been out of his depth because of his lack of experience and disinterest in ` hard ' news .
enner valencia back for west ham united after toe injury .     james tomkins , andy carroll and doneil henry out for hammers .     marc wilson available for stoke city despite having broken hand .     jon walters is carrying a knee problem but is in contention .
princess , 25 , spotted in bowler hat on streets of new york .     carried shopping bag from intermix - a designer brand store .     cousin of princes william and harry is working at auction house in city .
penny wong 's partner sophie allouache gave birth in adelaide on friday .     labor senator shared news of baby hannah 's arrival with twitter followers .     it is the second child for the couple who welcomed alexandra in 2011 .     hannah and alexandra were both conceived by the same sperm donor .
21-year-old woman from manchester phoned company about her bill .     she made small talk with foreign call handler during short exchange .     but she later received a series of inappropriate messages from the man .     vodafone say they have suspended the worker and are investigating .
former prison guard claims fights between inmates are organised by staff .     peter hiett , 49 , said staff would put rivals in a cell and let them battle it out .     said gangs also control full wings at feltham young offenders institution .     feltham named as the most violent prison in england and wales last year .
spacecraft to crash on mercury this month .     messenger probe has been in orbit since 2011 .
another independence vote ranks 19th on list of 23 policies for scots .     comes after nicola sturgeon refused to rule out staging a second vote .     snp leader has also attacked the tory pledge to hold an eu referendum .     but ipsos mori poll reveals scots prefer a say on brussels to independence .
round three of the formula one season takes place at the shanghai circuit for the chinese grand prix .     the shanghai circuit has held every chinese grand prix dating back to 2004 .     lewis hamilton has the most wins in china with three - two for mclaren and one for mercedes .     fernando alonso is the only other driver to have triumphed at the track more than once .     click here for all the latest f1 news .
maglev hit 375mph -lrb- 603 km/h -rrb- and travelled for 11 seconds at speeds above 373mph -lrb- 600km/h -rrb- on an experimental track in tsuru .     latest test run beat last thursday 's top speeds of 366mph -lrb- 590km/h -rrb- .     maglev trains hover and are propelled by electrically charged magnets .     central japan railway plans to have the train in service in 2027 .
alex oxlade-chamberlain has been out of action since march 9 .     arsenal midfielder suffers from persistent groin problems .     arsenal are exploring other treatments , but any surgery would be delayed .     read : arsenal bid to finalise transfer for ` next lionel messi ' maxi romero .     click here for all the latest arsenal news .
gold coast training queen ashy bines has apologised to her ` very upset followers ' after error .     in an email on saturday , she mistakenly wrote that a new exclusive program cost $ us49 ,500 per year .     the real cost of the program was actually a tenth of that , or $ us4 ,950.00 , according to ms bines .     the exclusive , year-long program has now sold out , a spokeswoman told daily mail australia .
the shops are full of red dresses in all shapes and shades this year .     so , is it time to switch from our trusty lbds to a lrd for the summer ?     kate battersby tried six red looks to see which work and which do n't .
18 dead and 5 being treated , nigeria says .     locally brewed alcohol is suspected .     some patients have died within hours .
power failure sparked a ` total meltdown ' on london trains across the day .     thousands of passengers stranded on two trains near clapham junction .     police boarded trains to hand out water and paramedics had to be on hand .
the brightly coloured crossing was due to be installed in totnes in devon .     was planned to be europe 's first rainbow crossing in support of gay rights .     but experts warn they could have side-effects for alzheimer 's sufferers .
exchange facebook check-ins for free cocktails with drinki .     thousands of wine tasting notes at your fingertips with berry bros. app .     plan balanced meals with smartmeal which calculates nutritional content .
molly schuyler won the 72-ounce steak dinner challenge at big texan steak ranch in amarillo , texas on sunday .     the mother of four from california weighs just 120 pounds , but after the dinner she weighed in at 135 pounds .     she said she plans to return next year to beat her record and up the ante to four steaks .
jimmy white lost 10-8 to matthew selt in world championship qualifying .     the whirlwind had been up 7-2 after the morning session .     but selt reeled off eight off the evening 's nine frames to go through .     six-time world champion steve davis lost 10-1 to kurt maflin .
david nicholson , 48 , has resigned as head of basingstoke school .     allegedly used school email to organise a threesome with escorts .     escort said she enjoyed dressing in uniform , which he was ` keen ' on .     father-of-four said he was ` looking forward to putting you over my knee '
singer was found at home in lowestoft on march 23 and pronounced dead .     friend aj sutton helped to identify the body , inquest into death was told .     pathologist who confirmed cause of death extended sympathies to family .     reality tv star had been struggling with depression and vowed to find cure .     the samaritans can be contacted by phone on 08457 909090 , email jo@samaritans.org, or you can find the details of your local branch at www.samaritans.org .
high costs are one of the reasons which keep travel plans grounded .     with some hard work and sacrifices people can find free places to stay .     house-sitting is becoming a popular form of accommodation .     people can also see the world by getting paid to teach english .     ski resorts are always looking for instructors and hospitality staff .
a statement claiming to be from an anti-vaccination lobby group has compared immunisation to rape .     the post was in response to new laws which penalise those who do n't immunise their children .     the image has been removed and group blamed it on an ` outside ' poster .     the avn has issued a statement saying it does not support the ` message or its sentiments '     the group also said the facebook page is not affiliated with the group .
gabriel ng filmed the scenes during a three-month solo trip to visit family .     his video includes shots of picturesque beaches and religious sites .     most of the scenes were shot on ko samui island in the gulf of thailand .
england were held to draw against west indies in 2009 despite leaving their opponents with a hefty target of 503 .     gary ballance battled on in antigua despite suffering a knock to his arm .     joe root made an impressive contribution with his 142 runs .
harley renshaw has been given the all clear after battling cancer for a year .     disease was in his kidney and has spread to bones , neck and left lung .     he underwent months of gruelling chemotherapy and radiotherapy .     made himself a superhero outfit to help him feel brave during treatment .
kim kardashian and kanye west , along with their daughter north and sister khloe , are visiting armenia .     the trip is the famous reality tv stars ' first to the nation of their late father robert 's birth .     their visit coincides with the lead-up to the 100th anniversary of the armenian genocide on april 24 .     in their eight-day trip , filmed for tv , they are visiting a host of historical sites in the culturally rich city .
police were called to a dairy in east christchurch after reports of a robbery .     man in a ` distinctive ' cartoon mask demanded cash from owner 's daughter .     police are appealing to the public for help in identifying the offender .
chamali fernando made comments at a hustings in cambridge last night .     she claimed wearing wristbands could help doctors , lawyers and police .     her ` shocking ' suggestion was attacked by her political rivals today .     ms fernando insisted her comments had been taken out of context .     nick clegg said the proposal would ` increase discrimination and stigma '
u.s. president implied that china was bullying its neighbouring countries .     america criticised china for building artificial islands in south china sea .     chinese leadership claim washington wields the greatest ` military muscle '     nearby countries say china could use the land mass for military purposes .
scene portrays teenage ` victim ' testifying at the trial of his teacher .     is asked how long the relationship lasted by the attorney .     the youngster responds by saying : ` five glorious weeks m ` amm '     he points to the teacher , played by cecily strong , saying she looks ` fine '     twitter users said the sketch was ` gross ' and a ` new low ' for the nbc show .
discovered in the stasi archive in berlin by photographer arwed messmer .     show how secret police forced people trying to escape to re-enact method .     include pictures of primitive floats , children concealed in cars and tunnels .     secret police used the pictures for training and for use at trials as evidence .     have now been compiled in a book called reenactment mfs .     reenactment mfs by arwed messmer , is published by hatje cantz .
tim sherwood took time to reply to aston villa fan charlie pye .     the 6-year-old applied for the villa job when paul lambert was sacked .     the youngster wanted his mum and dad to be assistant managers .     sherwood admitted that he just pipped pye to the post for the hotseat .     click here for all the latest aston villa news .
rubi light has been confirmed as a definite runner for the grand national .     grade one winner had the option of running in the shorter topham chase .     rubi light schooled over some aintree-style fences on saturday afternoon .     hennessy 's horse is one of eight irish-trained horses targeting the race .
jean nidetch started weight watchers in 1963 .     nidetch 's philosophy : `` it 's choice -- not chance -- that determines your destiny ''
raheem sterling is quite within his rights to get the best possible deal .     the only issue right now is how he 's choosing to go about doing it .     liverpool forward should realise that # 100k-a-week is a generous offer .     switching to another club now would not be good idea for his development .
five-second rule dubbed a myth by food health industry experts .     ` we definitely do not recommend it , ' food safety information council says .     however , what food you drop and where you drop it has an impact on risk .     potato chips , nuts and biscuits less risky , but meats and cut fruit a no-go .
photographer jessica fulford-dobson took pictures of the girls at the skateistan facilities in kabul .     australian oliver percovich created skateistan , an ngo , to promote education through skateboarding ; participants can also join a free back-to-school program .
frida kahlo was a mexican artist known for her self portraits .     a new book focusing on her life includes a series of intimate photographs .     the pictures were taken by french photographer gisele freund .     they feature in frida kahlo : the gisèle freund photographs .
taya kyle , 40 remembers crying as she told her young son and daughter .     reveals the difficult moment for new upcoming abc 20/20 show .     navy seal chris kyle was shot dead in february 2013 by eddie ray routh .     routh was convicted of murder and sentenced to life without parole in february .     taya kyle will release new book in may called , ` american wife : a memoir of love , war , faith and renewal '
roof of silverstone race track was damaged by high winds .     a section of the # 27m building was affected by weather earlier this week .     upcoming races and events at silverstone will not be affected .
limmy posted the shocking seven-second video on his vine account .     the 38-year-old comedian starts with the spider crawling out of his mouth .     the three-inch house spider crawls across his chin and runs up his cheek .     the video ends with the spider approaching limmy 's forehead .
police officer in sand springs , oklahoma , shot donald allen on april 11 .     brian barnett , 25 , killed allen , 66 , after man made threatening statements .     bodycam footage showed allen advancing with loaded , 22-caliber pistol .     sand springs police department turned findings over to tulsa county da .     video was released after being recovered from a malfunctioning camera .
crystal palace beat manchester city 2-1 at selhurst park on monday night .     jason puncheon 's free-kick doubled palace 's lead in the second half .     yaya toure was accused of ducking out of the way of the winning goal .     sportsmail 's jamie carragher : ` the rest of them are desperate to be hit with the ball in the face and it 's poor from yaya toure '     gary neville : city have a mentality problem ... they can not sustain success .
england rugby captain chris robshaw photographed on holiday in barbados with girlfriend camilla kerslake .     robshaw admits he did not welcome or enjoy the experience .     he has spoken with former england captains about media scrutiny .
ap mccoy has his final two rides at sandown in surrey on saturday .     no sane jockey would ever try to emulate 20-time champion jockey .     mccoy will be hoping to bow out on a winner with box office at saturday .     the sandown track is completely sold out as fans bid farewell to a hero .
coyote was spotted in a park near church of holy apostles in manhattan .     it ran across grass , hid behind bushes and dodged cops for over an hour .     finally captured after it was shot with tranquilizer dart laced with ketaset .     put in animal containment box and taken to animal care & control center .     it is the second coyote to have been seen in new york in only two weeks .     on march 30 , another spent an hour wandering on roof of bar in queens .     coyotes are flocking to city in rising numbers as competition for food becomes increasingly fierce , forcing them to scavenge new territories .
bradley dew was drinking with his deaf friend at pub in faversham in kent .     he later stole his friend 's mobile and hit him in the face to steal # 10 .     dew fled , hiding from police in toilets of a pub close to his friend 's house .     the 26-year-old was jailed for two years and labelled a ` bully ' by police .
england manager roy hodgson appears to still not know his best xi .     sportsmail 's top team of reporters reveal their england euro 2016 line-ups .     england are currently top of euro 2016 qualifying group e on 15 points .
british technology company flow ife has built a prototype device that shows passengers virtual horizon that mimics the movement of the aircraft .     device helps to combat the disconnect between eyes and sense of balance .     the headset can also display realistic night and day images of a traveller 's destination to help them acclimatise to new time zones during their flight .
taline gabrielian , founder of hippie lane app has recreated all the classics .     created raw versions of mars bars , twix , cherry ripe , snickers and bounty .     gabrielian shares her recipe for raw bounty bars with femail .     the sydney mother of two has 129k instagram followers .     hippie lane app was released on itunes in january .
tianwen chen and wife found a baby girl in a box by the road in 1989 .     they carried her home , even though they had little money to live off .     since then they have adopted more and more disabled children .     sadly nine of the children died and the couple soon used up their savings .     donations from the public mean they now have a brand new home .
anna broom , 33 , not worked since 2001 and has claimed total of # 100,000 .     declared unfit to work with depression and back pain due to her weight .     bride-to-be gets # 800 a month in benefits with fiancé jordan burford , 39 .     wants # 10,000 loan to fund wedding , but unclear how she will pay it back .
eden hazard gave chelsea the lead in the 38th minute when he latched onto a flick from oscar .     radamel falcao complained of a foul by blues skipper john terry in the build-up to the opening goal .     hazard almost made it 2-0 but his close-range effort hit the bar after a surging run from didier drogba .     united midfielder ander herrera was booked for simulation in the 95th minute after trying to win a penalty .     the result means jose mourinho 's side are now 10 points clear at the top of the table .     click here to read oliver todd 's player ratings from stamford bridge .
2006 big brother winner pete bennett is currently homeless .     the star squandered his prize money after becoming addicted to ketamine .     he is now clean and wants to make his name as an actor .
main roads in holborn are closed more than 24 hours after fire broke out .     more than 1,000 buildings remain without power as a result of the blaze .     local businesses , government offices and tourist attractions are closed .     commuters have been warned to avoid the area as witnesses describe long queues of buses .
loeb says he filed a complaint against the actress to prevent her from destroying their two embryos .     the couple created the embryos while they were engaged .
sheriff 's spokeswoman : ebony dickens is out of jail after posting $ 10,000 bond .     police : authorities found a firearm , three computers in her east point residence .     dickens is accused of posting her facebook rant under the name tiffany milan .
iran 's military held annual national army day parade over the weekend .     top military official says he hopes u.s.-iranian enmity will fade .     u.s. has welcomed limited iranian help in fight against isis but neither side plans full coordination .
nasa scientists in california reveal new images of dwarf planet ceres .     they show new views of the two brightest spots in a crater .     however , scientists are still not able to explain what they are .     dawn will begin its first science orbit around ceres on 23 april .
mourners attend visitation service for walter scott .     police meet with man who was passenger in his car when it was pulled over .     michael slager 's lawyer says police are n't being helpful at this point .
cancer stricken basketball player lauren hill has already raised over $ 1.5 million for cancer research .     in high school , lauren was diagnosed with diffuse intrinsic pontine glioma , a rare form of brain cancer .     lauren still managed to play a full season of college basketball at mount st. joseph university in cincinnati .
jannik andersen , 23 , was attending coachella music festival at weekend .     he was struck and killed by a freight train at 3am saturday , officials said .     crash occurred in pacific street in indio , four miles north-east of festival .     coroner says it is too early to tell whether drugs or alcohol played a role .     andersen , a student in boulder , described by friends as a ` genuine dude '     singer at festival , mac demarco , said on twitter : ` rip jannik andersen '
scott sinclair is currently on loan at aston villa from manchester city .     the 26-year-old winger has impressed for the club since his january move .     villa could make the switch permanent in the summer for a # 2.5 million fee .     meanwhile , joe cole has backed villa to beat arsenal and win the fa cup .
environmental health found mice droppings and rotting meat in the pub .     investigation came after 24 customers suffered food poisoning last year .     owner of the sutton arms admitted breaching food hygiene regulations .     were you affected by the food at the sutton arms ? call us on 0203 615 3423 or email hannah.parry@mailonline.co.uk .     were you affected by the food at the sutton arms ? call us on 0203 615 3423 or email hannah.parry@mailonline.co.uk .
two jurors said a vehicle , believed to be from whdh-tv , trailed them .     robert cusanelli told the court he made a ` mistake ' and acted on his own .     allegedly watched as the group got into their cars in an off-site parking lot .     insisted he did not take any pictures or speak to any of the jurors .     jury finished their deliberations thursday without reaching a verdict .     will return on friday as the ex-new england patriot player awaits his fate .
al-shabaab is an al-qaeda-linked militant group based in somalia .     it claimed responsibility for the deadly attack at a kenyan mall in september 2013 .     the group has recruited some americans .
wellness blogger belle gibson has finally admitted she never had cancer .     ` no , none of it is true , ' she told the australian women 's weekly magazine .     model jesinta campbell has joined the chorus of angry followers .     campbell said the pair shed tears together at the the cosmopolitan fun fearless female awards last year as gibson told her fake story .     the whole pantry founder is still refusing to meet with her publisher .
salt card is designed to replace passwords and fingerprint scanners .     automatically unlocks a phone when the card is within 10ft of the handset .     gadget also locks a chosen device when it is moved out of range .     creators claim the card will save users 53 hours a year in unlocking time .
this 4x4 from russia is a fraction of the price of a new land rover .     off-road , the niva is in its element , with low and highrange gears .     but , forget luxuries because the niva is an unabashed frills-free zone .     a highly capable , ruftytufty 4x4 from russia -- for a fraction of the price of a new land rover .     it 's a confident charmer that stands out from the crowd , with high suspension , pressed steel wheels , soviet-style looks and real rarity value . expect to get gawped at : someone offered to buy mine on its second trip out . always fun .     now available in the uk from niva imports through its dealer , bb motors , in corby , northamptonshire -lrb- 01536 202207 , lada4x4.co.uk -rrb- .     on the road , the basic 1.7-litre petrol engine -lrb- your only option -rrb- is deafeningly noisy , but tolerably smooth . power steering , manageable dimensions and a tight turning circle make it reasonably practical for the supermarket or school run .     the seats are comfy and thanks to a high driving position and large wing mirrors , all-round visibility is good . top speed is 91 mph .     off-road , the niva is in its element , with low and highrange gears , differential lock and a sturdy monocoque construction . it is lighter and more sprightly in the mud than many big-name utility 4x4s , with 220mm ground clearance , a 600mm wading depth and a climbing ability of up to 58 per cent . tall , slender tyres give it an added advantage when things get mucky .     you wo n't have to agonise over pages of extras ... they 're more or less nonexistent . this is a very basic utility vehicle , after all .     choose in white , blue , green or red , then decide whether you 'd like the snorkel or snow plough -lrb- really -rrb- attachments . an lpg option is available for an extra # 999 -- but you lose boot space .     reasonable fuel economy at 33mpg and affordable to insure -- once you 've explained exactly what it is . meets euro 5 emissions standards . the heated blower , presumably designed with siberia in mind , has plenty of muscle for icy winter mornings .     also available in a compact van format -lrb- # 10,590 , excluding vat and road tax -rrb- .     spartan on the inside . forget luxuries such as radios , cup-holders , central locking and electric windows -- the niva is an unabashed frills-free zone . the upside of its simplicity is that the plastic interior is easy to mop down after a day in the mud , and there 's not much to break or go wrong .     there are only four seatbelts and a slightly pokey boot .     do n't trust the petrol gauge , which regularly aims to deceive .     no warranty is offered as standard -- although a two-year plan is coming soon -- and spares may need to be imported -lrb- bb motors will assist -rrb- .     only available in lefthand drive -- unless you put in an order for more than 500 of them !     shhhh ! you did n't hear it from me . but patriotic russian president vladimir putin made a big play of driving a lada niva back in 2009 -- but fitted it with a german engine .
laura bernardini , a lifelong catholic , has decided to finally read the bible from cover to cover . this is week two .     some surprises : two creation stories , seth , and what on earth are the `` men of heaven '' ?
rebecca exton-russell , 37 , formally weighed 14 stone and was a size 18 .     boot camp helped her slim down to 11 stone and a size 12 .     the plus-size model once scored campaigns with m&s and dove .     since her work dried up , she has launched a jewellery business instead .
laurene jobs praised former first lady hillary clinton .     steve jobs ' widow claimed the democratic front-runner is ` revolutionary '     mrs clinton has announced her candidacy and began campaigning in iowa .     she described mrs clinton as ` america 's greatest modern creation '
allan donald served as south africa bowling coach since 2011 .     donald said ` it was always a big dream ' to work in south african cricket .     chief executive haroon lorgat said donald will ` always be a stalwart '
protesters angry over bribery scandal involving state-run oil company petrobras .     brazilian president dilma rousseff also is struggling with an economic downturn .
university of illinois scientists create first 3d simulation of black holes .     it shows what happens when two supermassive black holes collide .     material swirls around the objects and jets fire out from the poles .     comes after two black holes found to be seven years from merging .
the 33-year-old made the announcement on monday morning 's show .     jenna and henry , who married in may 2008 , welcomed their first daughter mila in april 2012 .
mahendra bavishi is joint director of hatton garden safe deposit ltd .     his son manish , 38 , who lives in london , usually runs business full-time .     69-year-old said robbers almost certainly had some inside information .     mr bavishi expressed his fury at police for ignoring an alert from a state of the art alarm in the vault .
the comedian stayed with flavours who offer a painting in venice break .     jenny and her partner geof stayed at the farmhouse villa bianchi .     days involved sitting in medieval market towns with a brush and prosecco .
steve smith became a self-made multi-millionaire with birth of poundland .     52-year-old started life in business on his parents ' saturday market stall .     he opened first poundland shop in 1990 when he was just 18-years-old .     sold the firm for # 50million in 2000 and gave half the profits to his parents .     despite his wealth , his wife tracy gives him ' # 10 - # 20 pocket money daily '
man proposes to his girlfriend in front of the food counter .     she quickly says ` yes ' and they engage in a passionate embrace .     woman was wearing her mcdonald 's uniform when he proposed .
alastair cook has gone 33 test innings without hitting a century .     the 30-year-old remains england 's leading century maker despite blip .     cook has been watching old footage of himself to study his technique .
lib dems move level with ukip for first time since 2013 , according to poll .     survey shows conservatives ' lead has slipped slightly but are still in front .     tories on 34 per cent and labour at 33 per cent with less than month to go .     nick clegg 's lib dems are up three points to 12 per cent , equal with ukip .
ronaldo scored five times in real madrid 's 9-1 win over granada .     it takes his total to 11 goals in eight matches against them .     but granada have got off lightly compared to some teams he has faced .     ronaldo has 18 goals in 12 against sevilla ; 15 in 20 versus atletico .     portuguese has 15 goals in nine against getafe and 12 in six vs celta vigo .
heidi bretscher , 28 , was running the marathon in raleigh , north carolina .     at a point where the course splits , she ran in the wrong direction .     a couple of helpful traffic cops brought her back on course for her to win first place .
kate t. parker was inspired to create her series strong is the new pretty after years of shooting pictures of her daughters ella , nine , and alice , six .
department of public safety trooper billy spears was disciplined last week .     the trooper posed with snoop dogg after rapper 's sxsw keynote speech .     snoop posted picture to instagram with the caption : ` me n my deputy dogg '     rapper 's past legal problems were cause for concern for spears ' superiors .     he was cited for ` deficiencies indicating need for counseling ' for photo with figure who has ` criminal background including numerous drug charges '
leigh griffiths revealed that ronny deila and john collins warned him .     the celtic striker took a while to settle in at his new club after his move .     griffiths has been in red-hot form and scored three against kilmarnock .
muslim engagement and development -lrb- mend -rrb- has made the claims .     says it has been in talks with both the tory and labour leadership .     mend is said to have links to a number of extremists .
josh and vanessa ellis and baby hudson were traveling in washington state on monday .     as the local pastors were driving under route 410 overpass , a slab of concrete fell off bridge .     it landed on their pickup truck , crushing vehicle and killing entire family .     construction workers were installing sidewalk on the bridge at the time .     police say the family ` would have known nothing about it ' as the concrete came down so fast and quick .
sam gallagher helped southampton claim u21 premier league cup .     striker scored stunning goal in front of first-team manager ronald koeman .     gallagher has n't featured this season after impressing last year .
ex-dortmund star robert lewandowski nets winner in the 36th minute .     dortmund are unable to score equaliser despite dictating second half .     bayern munich open up 10-point lead over second-placed wolfsburg .     dortmund xi vs bayern munich : weidenfeller ; sokratis , subotic , hummels , schmelzer ; gundogan , bender ; błaszczykowski , reus , kampl ; aubameyang .     bayern munich xi vs dortmund : neuer ; dante , boateng , benatia ; rafinha , alonso , bernat , lahm , schweinsteiger , muller ; lewandowski .
jenny wallenda , 87 , the matriarch of the famous family of high-flying circus performers , died late saturday at her home in sarasota , florida .     her nephew , rick wallenda , said his aunt died following a lengthy illness .     wallenda was the oldest daughter of high wire walker karl wallenda and grandmother of daredevil performer nik wallenda .     nik wallenda has walked over the grand canyon and over chicago .     jenny wallenda walked the high wire as an adult and performed on bareback horses as a child .     she also advocated for causes important to the circus community in her later years and helped create the circus ring of fame .
star wars fan went to a star wars convention for new force awakens film .     he met his hero r2d2 who began spinning around with the child .     boy can be heard giggling uncontrollably as r2d2 mirrors and follows him .     child was at a convention in anaheim , dressed in star wars merchandise .
us geological survey said quake just before 9pm had depth of five miles .     was centered about four miles north of san fernando near interstate 210 .     jolt was felt across san fernando valley and parts of los angeles county .
spencer gerlach , 20 , admitted to stabbing his ex-wife keltsie gerlach to death as their 15-month-old daughter slept in the next room .     the baby girl was unharmed and was taken into custody by child services .     the cause of argument that led to the murder is unknown .     spencer faces first-degree murder charges and was booked at elder county jail .
victoria mckennon , 17 , is student at plano senior high school in texas .     is desperate to take part in school 's graduation ceremony in dallas in june .     but officials wo n't let her unless she makes up work she has had to miss .     this may not happen as she struggles with her life-threatening condition .
fly initially looks satisfied as it tastes the frozen food .     before realising it is stuck and beating its legs in panic .     it then attempts to free itself by heaving backwards .     the filmmaker eventually helps it out with a heat gun .     the footage was captured in auckland , new zealand .
twitter user saskia , 17 , posted ` arsenal exam ' result on social media .     she scored 87 per cent and her boyfriend said he would n't dump her .     questions covered club history , current players and club loyalty .
arsenal beat burnley 1-0 in the epl .     a goal from aaron ramsey secured all three points .     win cuts chelsea 's epl lead to four points .
the larung gar buddhist academy in china has basic amenities for the 40,000 monks and nuns who stay there .     the secluded location is 370 miles from chengdu and has grown dramatically since its creation .     tvs are banned , and the huts of monks and nuns are segregated by a winding road through the middle .
heather mack is accused of murdering her mother and is in a bali prison .     teenager is caring for her baby in cell shared with eight other prisoners .     a minister paid her a personal visit today and offered her extra comforts .     mack will get own room until she decides whether to give baby to a family .
hit head on chair when he fell at previous bail hearing in los angeles .     knight , a diabetic with blood clot , said he had n't received any medication .     lawyer said chains and wheelchair were a ` ploy ' to ` humiliate ' his client .     cle ` bone ' sloan was hurt and terry carter died in the alleged hit-and-run .     knight , 49 , charged with murder and attempted murder for january incident .
social media flooded with images of anzac day services across australia .     record numbers gathered at dawn services held across the country .     this year marks the 100th anniversary of the gallipoli landing .     more than 10,000 people expected to attend centenary dawn service at the gallipoli peninsula in turkey .
peter crouch analysed charlie adam 's robot celebration against chelsea .     the midfielder scored from his own half at stamford bridge on saturday .     adam followed his goal with a light-hearted ode to his stoke team-mate .     the scot was asked to perform the act by sky 's soccer am presenters .     crouch made the celebration famous whilst playing for england in 2006 .
andrew odell tweeted a picture of the mouse crawling around on his bread .     mr odell later wrote that he did n't think aldi was taking matter seriously .     aldi have said they are looking into the incident ` as a matter of urgency '
study in milan found two dogs identified 98 % of prostate cancer cases .     they examined urine samples of 900 men - 360 who had cancer .     medical detection dogs charity hailed the study as ` spectacular '
witnesses said zana the apewoman had the ` characteristics of a wild animal '     she was allegedly trapped in caucusus mountains and covered in thick hair .     had ` enormous athletic power ' and she could infamously outrun a horse .     a genetics professor has analysed dna of six of her living descendants .
efron 's buff bod is far from the weedy teen days of high school musical .     femail looks at more famous tots and teens all grown up and looking hot .     cute kids do n't guarantee cute adults , though , as we find out ...
wisden editor lawrence booth launched an attack on english cricket .     the sportsmail writer criticised their handling of the kevin pietersen affair .     booth was also scathing of england 's late decision to sack alastair cook as one-day captain on the eve of the world cup .     moeen ali stars on the cover of wisden , released on wednesday .     sri lanka 's kumar sangakkara named leading cricketer in the world .     australia 's meg lanning is honoured with the inaugural women 's award .
cctv images reveal how the six-strong gang worked through the night .     professional gang seen using wheelie bins to carry their ill-gotten gains .     footage revealed as scotland yard admits it did not respond to the alarm .     police force could now be forced to pay out millions in compensation .
manchester city defeated west ham 2-0 in their premier league clash .     david silva was taken to hospital after a challenge by chiekhou kouyate .     spain international has allayed fans ' fears with a twitter message .
charlie sumner , 20 , invaded pitch at reading 's madejski stadium in march .     he did four front flips during fa clash before being tackled by the stewards .     sumner , from wokingham , faces three-year ban for home and away games .     but he said he has no regrets and that his family had ` seen the funny side '
the block 's four apartments are now on the market with the auctions pencilled in for april 28 .     apartments will be open to the public on april 11-12 , with thousands of people expected to turn up for a look .     contestants keep any money made over their reserves and the team that makes the most receives a $ 100,000 bonus .     agents have started the hunt for the buyers of the renovated three-bedroom properties in trendy south yarra .
wikileaks uploads hundreds of thousands of emails and documents into a searchable online archive .     documents date from last year 's crippling cyberattack against sony pictures entertainment .     it 's the latest blow for the company struggling to get past the attack .     wikileaks founder julian assange defended actions and said the documents were already in the public domain .
tim sherwood has had an instant impact since taking over at aston villa .     the 46-year-old has won five out his ten games in charge at the club .     sherwood led villa to a 2-1 win over liverpool in the fa cup semi-final .     sportsmail looks into the five key reasons behind his immediate success .     click here for all the latest aston villa news .
movie tells the incredible story of takako konishi , found frozen to death .     body was found in detroit lakes , 50 miles from fargo , in november 2001 .     policeman she met thought she had been searching for suitcase of cash .     steve buscemi 's crook buried one in the snow in 1996 coen brothers film .     rumour spread that takako , 28 , had tragically taken the tall tale to be true .     kumiko , the treasure hunter tells story of this amazing version of events .
picture believed to be sole image of civil war ship revealed to be a fake .     john potter , from savannah , admitted forging it with his brother in the 80s .     image , part of the unofficial history of the ship , was never authenticated .     faked using a fishing pole and a styrophome model from a historical film .
paddlers get a fright when large shark swims into the shallows .     papamoa beach is a popular bay of plenty destination in new zealand .     holiday-makers were soon running for cover out of the sea .     but before long they were back on the shore taking photographs of it .     the last fatal shark attack in new zealand waters was in 2013 .
peter gale dismissed from nonsuch high school for girls a fortnight ago .     the reason was given as ` unprofessional and inappropriate conduct '     mail on sunday investigation discovers it was due to emails sent to pupil .     but mr gale denies he behaved inappropriately towards any student .
anjelica ` aj ' hadsell , 18 , has been missing since march 2 .     residents reported plumbing van driving suspiciously near the pond .     stepfather wesley hadsell , 36 , was taken into custody late last month after allegedly breaking into a home and finding her jacket .     he is still in custody after judge said he tried to impede investigation .
alexis sanchez scored after 39 minutes following some clever play by mesut ozil for arsenal .     gareth mccleary 's shot was deflected over the line on 54 as reading hauled themselves level .     sanchez struck again before half time in extra time when his shot squirmed through adam federici 's legs .
angie donohue revealed how her husband tried to have her killed .     daryl scott donohue first tried to hire a hit man to ` take care of her '     donohue was caught convicted of inciting murder and stalking .     he then continued to plot her murder from behind bars .     an inmate who was approached by donohue went to police with information on how the prisoner tried to pay him to kill his wife .     donohue was charged again and hit with an extra seven year sentence .     he is reportedly trying to appeal the second conviction .
the true cross phenomenon begins with emperor constantine , the first roman emperor to convert to christianity .     could fragments of a tree survive millennia ? or are they fragments of forgery that speak to our need to believe ?
the two moms from `` big bang theory '' guest star this week .     `` backstrom , '' `` blue bloods '' are among the week 's season finales .     comedy `` younger '' is gaining big buzz .
louise redknapp and stylist emma thatcher try the wide-leg trouser .     they say it makes a good replacement for ever-popular skinny jeans .
yellow protein world advert has the message ` are you beach body ready ? '     posters feature australian model renee somerfield , 24 , wearing a bikini .     campaign has sparked backlash and 45,000 have called for it to be pulled .     katie hopkins backs advert , saying ` feminism is n't an excuse for being fat '
the karen was towed at 10 knots during yesterday 's alarming incident .     took place 18 miles from ardglass on southeast shore of northern ireland .     officials believe nato drills may have attracted the interest of the russians .     just three days ago , raf typhoons were sent to intercept two russian aircraft near uk air space .
joanna biggs tells the stories of real people she has interviewedin the uk .     she offers an excellent contribution to our knowledge of the world of work .     confesses she hoped for more resistance to the way society is organised .
seals were at joint expeditionary base little creek-fort story in virginia .     they were found at bottom of the pool by another service member at 3pm .     personnel use base 's combat swimmer training facility for fitness training .     sailor pronounced dead at hospital and other is listed in critical condition .
eight animals are dead , including at least one alligator that once belonged to michael jackson after a fire last week at an oklahoma zoo .     the zoo 's founder , joe schreibvogel , said the fire was most likely set by rogue animal rights activists who have been targeting the zoo .     schreibvogel : ` the building can be replaced ... michael jackson 's alligators can not be replaced '
germanwings plane was about to take off when bomb threat was received .     pilot was forced to evacuate the plane while police conducted search .     sniffer dogs found no evidence of explosives and no one was hurt .     threat comes less than a month after germanwings plane was deliberately crashed into mountain in the french alps killing all 150 people on board .
neil macgregor to leave job he has held since 2002 at the end of the year .     sixty-eight-year-old said it was ' a difficult thing ' to finally decide to leave .     previously ran the national gallery and has also worked as a broadcaster .     history of the world in 100 objects series inspired by museum collection .
lotatoa ` lota ' ward was diagnosed with a brain tumor in october 2014 .     he has since had to undergo four surgeries on his brain .     just before his latest surgery , lota ran in the 10th annual antelope island buffalo run outside of salt lake city , utah .
younger people feeling lonelier than older generations according to report .     43 % of 18 to 34-year-old wish they had more friends .     many only interact with friends online .     chloe jackson , 19 , said facebook makes her feel lonely .     feels left out when she sees friends ' posts when they 're out having fun .
sarah wilson admitted anxiety drove her to think about taking her own life .     ms wilson has suffered from anxiety since she was a young girl .     anxiety , stress , loneliness and a thyroid disease made her feel worthless .     one in three australian women will experience anxiety in their lifetime .     ms wilson said anxiety is quickly becoming the ` new depression '
liam ridgewell is currently playing for the portland timbers in mls .     the 30-year-old came up against brazilian kaka , who plays for orlando city .     ridgewell welcomed his family for a visit to the united states of america .     portland take on fierce rivals seattle sounders on monday at 2:30 am uk .
frances clarkson , 53 , is holidaying in barbados with family and friends .     she spent easter bank holiday weekend on the caribbean island .     she holidayed on the island in 2011 with her estranged husband jeremy .
violet pietrok was born with congenital facial malformation called frontonasal dysplasia .     only 100 cases of the condition have been reported .     it caused a widening of her facial features , including nose and space between the eyes , making her vision more like a bird 's .     plastic surgeon made five different molds of violet 's skull using 3d printer .     allowed him to plan the cuts and incisions he needed to make and helped him find solutions to problems during surgery .
prime minister announced plan to amend working times regulations .     mr cameron wants workers to have three paid days off to do good deeds .     he described announcement as demonstration of the big society in action .     immediately afterwards eric pickles suggested it would n't be enforced .     john prescott described mr pickles ' interview as a ` car-crash '
new york-based artist catalina viejo paints only the rear ends of famous stars , never their faces .     she uses paparazzi snaps , rather than airbrushed images from magazines , to create her paintings .     catalina has produced 42 miniature bottom portraits , and sells them for $ 90 -lrb- # 60 -rrb- each .
chinese scientists tried to tweak gene responsible for a blood disorder .     leading researchers have called for a halt on such research until the implications and safety of the technology can be properly explored .     they warn germ line modification is ` dangerous and ethically unacceptable '     some fear the technique could be misused to create ` designer families '
the nephew of president john f kennedy attended the screening of a anti-vaccination documentary tuesday in sacramento , california .     the california state legislature is currently deciding a bill that would make vaccinations mandatory for all children - no matter their parents ' beliefs .     rfk jr is a vaccine skeptic and believes there is a connection between an immunization chemical called thimerosal and autism .     the scientific community at large says vaccines are not dangerous .
connor sullivan , 17 , of cupertino , went missing from school early monday .     junior returned home thursday night after hundreds searched for him .     he used portable bathrooms at school , which has guava and quince trees .     teenager told police that he slept under the bleachers every night .
town planners have allowed two costa cafes less than 500 yards apart .     two coffee shops in windsor will be just a short walk away from each other .     and there is even a costa express in between the two new outlets .
ed miliband said he would have to pay labour 's proposed ` mansion tax '     but the labour leader insisted that did not mean he lived in a mansion .     mr miliband lives in a four-storey victorian town house worth # 2.7 million .     comes after he faced ridicule over revelations that he had two kitchens .     the downstairs kitchen is used by the family 's live-in nanny .
stars ray liotta , robert de niro , lorraine bracco and paul sorvino were all in attendance for saturday 's special 25th anniversary screening .     not in attendance were director martin scorsese , who was filming in taiwan , and joe pesci who had won an oscar for his role in the 1990 movie .     ` joe pesci could n't be here , but he sent this email : ` f *** , f *** , f *** , f *** ity f *** , f *** ' read de niro .     scorsese sent a video message and recalled how the movie upset the owner of his then favorite nyc italian restaurant .     throughout the two-and-a-half-hour screening the audience cheered each major character 's first appearance .     jon stewart then held a q&a with the actors and liotta recalled henry hill thanking him for ` not making me look like a s *** bag '
it is 20 years since the worst case of homegrown terrorism in us history .     timothy mcveigh killed 168 people with bomb in oklahoma city in 1995 .     terror was encapsulated by photo of a firefighter carrying a lifeless baby .     that baby was baylee almon , who had turned one the day before .     nearing what would have been her 21st birthday , her mother aren almon-kok tells dailymail.com how she marks baylee 's birthday every year .     but says she will never get over the pain of seeing that photograph .     she is still in touch with the firefighter who was pictured with the baby .
man-made quakes have hit once stable regions in central and eastern us .     these include arkansas , colorado , kansas , ohio , oklahoma and texas .     some were caused by injection of wastewater which can activate faults .     many of faults awakened by drilling have not moved in millions of years .
bezos , who is worth $ 34.7 billion , wandered in the campo de ' fiori in rome with family and a security guard on tuesday .     the amazon ceo was seen snapping pictures with his amazon phone of the market stalls .
sunderland manager dick advocaat insists he is not underestimating the significance of sunday 's game against local rivals newcastle .     while in charge of rangers in 1998 , advocaat made the mistake of playing down the old firm game against celtic and lost 5-1 .     the dutchman does not want a repeat of that embarrassment .     he is considering starting winger adam johnson for the game , for the first time for his arrest on suspicion of sexual activity with a 15-year-old girl .
betheny coyne was diagnosed with the defect before she was born .     was not expected to live past her fourth birthday - but has defied the odds .     is now trying to make as many memories as possible for her children .
yahoo labs in california reveals new method to unlock your phone .     simply by holding it to your head , their technology can recognise your ear .     it can also use other body parts like a fist or a palm to access your device .     it removes the need for specialist hardware like fingerprint readers .
chanel , from california , appeared on a recent episode of mtv 's true life .     in the video she details her desperate attempts to avoid aging and prolong her modeling career for as long as possible .     the teenager also eats placenta and washes her face ten times a day in order to keep her skin wrinkle-free .
the poet has a reputation as a ` young apollo ' who died tragically young .     new letters reveal he had a string of brief relationships with women .     lover cathleen nesbitt suggested that he could ` settle in the wild '     brooke was mourned by the nation and celebrated by churchill when he died 100 years ago today .
footage shows mario valencia walking along a street in marana , arizona .     alleged robber points item that appears to be rifle into air ; shot rings out .     seconds later , officer michael rapiejko starts speeding toward valencia .     his police car mounts the sidewalk , before crashing into armed suspect .     valencia taken to hospital with serious injuries ; released two days later .     police chief has defended officer 's actions , which saved ` valencia 's life '     suspect had allegedly stolen rifle from walmart and threatened suicide .     comes as us police remain under scrutiny for alleged racially profiling .
carwyn scott-howell died on a family holiday in flaine in french alps .     he went ahead alone when sister fell and his mother stopped to help .     skied into dense woodland before sliding towards a 164-foot cliff .     thought he may have entered woodland as thought it was shortcut to hotel .     family described him as a ` very daring , outgoing , determined little boy '
university of oregon 's tanguy pepiot had strong lead over meron simon .     he raised his arms in triumph while running down the home straight .     simon , of the university of washington , managed to close the gap .     he beat pepiot by a tenth of a second at track event in eugene , oregon .
gareth bale missed a one-on-one chance after just three minutes .     raphael varane impressed with his pace and general reading of the game .     mario mandzukic left bloodied after clashing with sergio ramos .
nbc journalist jeff rossen filmed an airport worker at laguardia airport in new york doing push-ups on the runway after loading up a plane .     footage shows the employee wearing his high-visibility jacket and gloves while performing the aerobic stunt .     even after his 12th push-up , the fitness-enthusiast shows no sign of slowing down .
man , 45 , had a kidney weighing 6lbs -lrb- 2.7 kg -rrb- removed in a delhi hospital .     his other kidney , weighing 5.5 lbs -lrb- 2.5 kg -rrb- was removed a week later .     both kidneys beat the record of a 4.7 lbs -lrb- 2.1 kg -rrb- kidney removed in 2011 .     he had autosomal dominant polycystic kidney disease -lrb- adpkd -rrb- , which caused his kidneys to grow to 20 times the normal size .
elliot kear played for premiership rugby 's relegated london welsh .     he joined the oxford-based rugby club from super league 's bradford .     kear could line up for the broncos as soon as sunday against dewsbury .
agent arthur baldwin arrested in south-east washington at 12:30 am friday .     charged with a felony charge of first-degree attempted burglary .     agent baldwin , posted to foreign missions branch , was placed on leave .     secret service bosses also suspended his security clearance .
the goldfinch piano took six months to build for a sheikh in doha , qatar .     each of the half a million crystals was applied by hand .     the instrument was designed in collaboration with artist lauren baker .     it is said to be worth # 420,000 .
cricket commentator richie benaud has died overnight aged 84 .     he had been receiving radiation treatment for skin cancer since november .     former australian captain died peacefully in his sleep at a sydney hospice .     benaud had witnessed - as both a player and commentator - more than 500 test matches throughout his career .     tributes flowed in on friday morning for the voice of australian cricket .     prime minister tony abbott also offered his family a state funeral .
cnn hero chad bernstein started music program that helps at-risk middle school students .     nonprofit group guitars over guns pairs miami-area kids with professional musician mentors .     do you know a hero ? nominations are open for 2015 cnn heroes .
medics told the family of margaret hesketh she was riddled with tumours .     relatives say she was then put on discredited treatment for the dying .     had fluid and nutrition drips removed six days before she passed away .     family say post-mortem exam found no sign of cancer in the grandmother .
joelison fernandes da silva , 28 , is the third tallest man in the world .     he hid at home for ` half his life ' due to bullying over his height .     the brazilian , who has gigantism , later became a national celebrity .     he met his 21-year-old 5ft wife evem medeiros through facebook .
jesse and melissa meek revealed they 're expecting a child in a rap video they made set to theme from ` the fresh prince of bel-air '     the clip , which features jesse and melissa meek rapping as they drive in a car , has been viewed over 1.7 million times on youtube .     it took five takes to film the happy valley , oregon , couple 's video .
elle cites the item as the most surprising thing in her handbag .     the body 's ph value tells you how acidic or alkaline your body is .     many nutritionists say having an alkaline body helps defend against sickness .     elle has unveiled a new health product : the super elixir nourishing protein .
natural world safaris offers tourists the opportunity to share space with the endangered species .     the seven-day package includes ` basic accommodation ' and no guarantee you 'll see a rare tiger .     guests are guided by conservationist alexander batalov , who works tirelessly to protect siberian tigers .
rosemary taylor approached photographer nelson jones at a city festival .     jones was taking pictures of a black and an asian model for tourism shoot .     taylor apparently told photographer : ` this is not the image i want for city '     moments later , models and jones were asked to leave event by city official .     taylor sacked by city of brookhaven in georgia for ` unbecoming conduct '     she has defended herself , saying she was wrongly accused in the incident .
pm said he understood why tory supporters had backed nigel farage .     he pledged to do more on immigration and europe if re-elected on may 7 .     mr cameron has previously described ukip supporters as ` fruitcakes '     made the plea at campaign rally in which he warned over labour tax plans .
man sat next to the 86-year-old woman in church pew in manchester .     he then stole her handbag and tried to snatch two other women 's bags .     police investigating have described the april 3 incident as ` appalling '     they have released an e-fit of the man and are appealing for information .
ahead of an anticipated run-in this weekend in at the seventh summit of the americas , the two presidents spoke by phone on wednesday .     the two nations ' top diplomats held talks at a panama city hotel on thursday night , the first meeting of its kind in as many years .     white house had said a private meeting was not on the books but they could have an unscripted ` interaction ' on the sidelines of the event .     adviser to obama said friday : ` we do n't have a formal meeting scheduled at a certain time , but we anticipate they will have a discussion tomorrow '     u.s. state department has now recommended that cuba betaken off the list of countries that sponsor terrorism - obama is likely to approve .
a poll of 600 executives was conducted by yougov for gsm london .     the biggest pet peeve was spelling or grammatical errors on the cv .     brevity is valued , with employers disliking waffling resumes .
match.com said the winning candidate will be outgoing and media-savvy .     the lucky singleton will stop in rio de janeiro , paris and new york .     the trip will last for six weeks with all hotel and travel costs covered .
father-of-three craig sytsma was mauled to death in michigan last year .     dog owners sebastiano quagliata and wife valbona lucaj agreed to plea deal friday to around 15 years in jail , though judge could add six months .     sytsma was jogging in july 2014 when the two cane corsos attacked him .     he was bitten almost ten times and was ` screaming and begging ' for help .
photographer dustin wong , 31 , travels the world with no company but his camera .     the hawaiian-born photographer .     his images are inspired by ancient hawaiian beliefs in the sacredness of nature .     he aims to encourage viewers to interact with nature and help save the planet .     images range from the national parks of the usa to the snow of norway and australian caves .
ian poulter often uses acupuncture to help his recovery .     english golfer recently finished tied sixth at the us masters .     floyd mayweather -lrb- kriotherapy -rrb- , robin van persie -lrb- horse placenta massages -rrb- and amar ' e stoudemire -lrb- vinotherapy -rrb- are among other sportsmen to use alternative medicine .
gay-friendly pub has come out in favour of nigel farage 's ukip party .     the harewood arms in west yorkshire says it agrees with party 's policies .     ukip wants to amend the smoking ban to give pubs and clubs the choice .     also has launched ` save the pub ' campaign to support ailing pub industry .
it was a crucial holiday for the olympic gold medallist and husband harry .     their stay would be their last getaway before the birth of their first child .     the couple stayed in over-the-water bungalows at dubai 's anantara resort .
swiss professor jean-pierre wolf is pioneering the use of lasers to affect the weather .     he suggests lasers could also be used to limit the impact of climate change .
thousands met in hyde park today as part of annual global ' 420 ' event .     crowds seen openly smoking marijuana as police officers stood nearby .     controversial festival also saw gatherings in manchester and glasgow .
the camellias evergreen foliage provides a contrast to the bright flowers .     they are easy to grow and like acid , free-draining and nutritious soil .     camellias are happy in sun or shade and grow readily among other shrubs .
stephen akers-belcher said he needed time off for compassionate reasons .     but the council leader was pictured the same day aboard hms warrior .     the mayor was dismissed for his care manager role for gross misconduct .     akers-belcher claims he has actually been sacked for whistle blowing .
aaron cresswell moved to west ham from ipswich for just # 2m in 2014 .     the left-back has proved a good fit in the premier league since his move .     john stones , nathaniel clyne and scott dann are other examples .
duchess of cornwall has created a buzz with the launch of her own honey .     the honey is produced in late spring by the bees in her wiltshire garden .     just 250 jars are being made , at # 20 each , with proceeds going to charity .     but does luxury honey taste different enough to justify hefty price point ?
does finding the perfect pillow really need to break the bank ?     our femail tester put a selection of the best pillows to ultimate sleep test .     lidl 's # 3.49 microfibre pillow performed just as well as luxury goose down !
train guard graham palmer addresses passengers with original poems .     the northern rail conductor began writing poems last christmas .     palmer even customises his couplets for the stations his train passes .     he says it 's tongue in cheek but at least it 's getting the message across .
4ft missile was spotted on the roof of barge as it sailed through reading .     alarmed passer-by called police and army bomb disposal team responded .     perched next to missile was the menacing head and shoulders of a dummy .     experts scoured boat and said weapon ` was found to be purely ornamental '
new royal caribbean cruise ship anthem of the seas is sailing out of southampton this summer .     it has innovations including robot bartenders who dance to music as well as pour margaritas .     the liner holds the title of being the world 's third largest cruise ship , with room for nearly 5,000 passengers .
serena williams progresses to semi-finals after beating sabine lisicki .     williams beats german in three sets at miami open - 7-6 , 1-6 , 6-3 .     world no 1 presented with cake after 700th career victory .     andy murray was similarly given reward after 500th career win .
control of strategic seaport of aden divided between houthi rebels and government loyalists .     some saudi arms are falling into rebel hands .     terrified residents line up for bread and fuel and try to stay indoors .
cuban-born kathy ferreiro 's curves have attracted fans on social media .     bikini-loving beach babe says photos of her booty are all natural .     miami-based party girl is hoping to become next kim kardashian .     has a huge following in colombia and other latin american countries .
women in india are street harassed , primarily in crowded areas like trains and railway platforms .     elsa marie d'silva : it 's time we speak up ; we can not accept harassment as part of our daily routine .
#firebrittmchenry has become a popular hashtag on twitter .     britt mchenry is a reporter for the sports network , and she is based in washington .     she apologized on twitter for losing control of her emotions , not taking the high road .
attack occurred wednesday at alverta b. gray schultz middle school in hempstead , new york .     mother annika mckenzie , 34 , breached security by getting into building .     believed math teacher catherine engelhardt had touched her daughter , 12 .     mckenzie allegedly attacked her , with students joining .     one of them was allegedly mckenzie 's 14-year-old niece .     mckenzie and the niece were arrested at the scene and charged .     engelhardt was unconscious for several minutes and taken to hospital .
schools are struggling to cope with children who can not speak english .     teachers are using google translate to plan lessons for migrant children .     union conference heard other children are n't getting fair share of attention .
shawn izzo is alleged to have used ` excessive force ' on ariana mason .     ariana said she needed 26 stitches and that her teeth were broken .     she admits punching the officer but ` did n't realise ' he was with police .
the video was filmed over 45 minutes at bardwell park station in sydney .     it shows the rising flood water taking over the train tracks .     sydney 's two-day total rain fall totalled about 225mm on wednesday .     the flooding caused a partial closure of the airport train line .
wildlife photographer einar gudmann caught the violent encounter on camera while he was camping in iceland .     after emerging into bitter sub-zero temperatures from his tent he spotted a female and male fox copulating .     but the pair were n't alone - a third arctic fox lurked nearby and wasted no time in battling his rival for the female .     the losing fox was seen by the photographer limping off up a snowy hill and was n't expected to last the night .
aliesha peterson , 22 , from canada , says a therapist recommended she start exercising to improve her depression .     she writes on reddit that after ` slow ' progress for 20 months , she now sees an improvement in her mood and her body .
defense called five witnesses on monday , rested at 3pm .     first witness was doctor discussing how his co-defendants were on pcp .     prosecution took two months and more than 100 pieces of evidence .     closing statements expected on tuesday before verdict .     aaron hernandez is pleading not guilty to shooting dead odin lloyd .
tottenham will face the mls all-stars as part of their pre-season schedule .     annual fixture will be held at colorado rapids ' dick 's sporting goods park .     previous teams to feature include manchester united and chelsea .
snp 's nicola sturgeon looked glamorous as she arrived at bbc yesterday .     nationalist wore fuchsia dress that flattered her slimmed-down physique .     miss sturgeon has left her boxy jackets and severe suits in the past .     she is rumoured to have hired a personal shopper and a stylist in 2007 .
damon albarn said modern day popstars are just singing ` platitudes '     he called for performers to use music to comment about current issues .     albarn spoke as blur prepared to release first full length album in 10 years .     comments likely to be picked up by people critical of modern day stars such as taylor swift and sam smith , known for music about relationships .
university of virginia is under continuing investigation over how it handles sexual assault on campus .     some fear retraction of rolling stone story about one case takes focus off the broader issue .     after the story came out , uva instituted a zero-tolerance policy on sexual assault going forward .
fish and chips has believed to be partly portuguese and partly belgian .     the tea bag was accidentally invented by a new york tea merchant .     saint george himself is thought to have been born in syria .
adam sobel : california 's steps against drought are a preview for rest of u.s. and world .     tying climate change to weather does n't rest on single extreme event , sobel says .     the big picture should spur us to prepare for new climates by fixing infrastructure , he says .
tv doctor used thursday 's show to hit back at his critics who he accused of having ` conflict of interest issues - and some integrity ones also '     ten doctors signed a letter last week calling oz a ` charlatan ' who promotes ` quack treatments '     oz said he was being targetted because he supports gmo labeling .     his show featured a report on how some of the 10 doctors have received grants from monsanto , who manufactures gmo seeds .     he also told nbc news that the dr. oz show is actually ` not a medical show , ' but it will no longer use ` inflammatory ' words like ` miracle '
original lyrics to u.s. pop anthem american pie up for auction tuesday .     unidentified bidder won the 16-page document for $ 1.2 million .     the manuscript includes a deleted verse about music being ` reborn ' .
waheed ahmed , 21 , detained alongside eight family members in turkey .     rochdale labour councillor shakil ahmed 's son accused of fleeing to syria .     he was arrested in turkish border town with family , including four children .     will return to uk on a flight to manchester from dalaman later this evening .
paul smith is set to face andre ward in oakland , california on june 20 .     liverpool fighter is not expected to challenge for ward 's wba world title .     smith has lost back-to-back world title challenges against arthur abraham while the american is undefeated in 27 games .
sunderland face stoke city next up in the premier league on april 25 .     the black cats are just three points above the relegation zone .     dick advocaat has concerns about the strength of his players .
ian rogers has spent hundreds of pounds on his collection of nine dolls .     the dolls are said to be haunted with the spirits of dead people .     he says each doll has their own unique story .     he used to share them with his sister but she found them too mischievous .
dr. kristen lindsey has since removed the post of her holding the dead cat by an arrow .     her employer fired her ; the sheriff 's office is investigating .     activist offers $ 7,500 reward .
mike tindall owned monbeg dude finished third in the grand national .     tindall was seen making a beeline to the place marked with a number ' 3 '     the 10-year-old monbeg dude was 40/1 before the race at aintree .
aussie the dog saved the lives of his owners kai , seven , and sophie , 10 .     he stepped into a puddle that was live with electrical current in the aftermath of the wild nsw storms at caves beach , near lake macquarie .     the cattle dog puppy is being remembered as a hero by the family .
mei ru , 50 , was visiting local supermarket with husband song ming , 53 .     cctv shows she stopped car and mr ming got out , standing behind it .     mrs ru then reverses knocking husband over and backing over him .     surgeons were unable to save mr song , who died of internal bleeding .
adelaide crows captain taylor walker comforted team 's crying mascot .     satine cahill , 7 , was supposed to lead afl team out onto field on sunday .     she became spooked by fireworks on the field and burst into tears .     tex approached satine and comforted her before holding her hand tightly .     they walked out into the stadium together to take on north melbourne .
james tingley , 70 , was sentenced 25 to 50 years in prison for molesting at least secen young girls .     ` mr. tingley , basically you are a monster who has destroyed the innocence of numerous children , ' said judge thomas wilson .     mr. tingley 's ` accomplice ' randy stevens was also convicted of sexual misconduct for ` allowing tingley to carry out a number of sexual assaults '     stevens , a father of 14 , will be sentenced on april 16 .
william bird , 41 , captured footage as jets approached raf lossiemouth .     stood underneath # 126million aircraft with seven-year-old stepson alex .     video camera knocked sideways as second jet disappeared from view .     he says clip taken on tuesday was ` as close to action as you could get '
trendsetter rihanna ditched her bra on a visit to santa monica on tuesday .     the star is one of a growing number of celebrities leaving lingerie at home .     rita ora , kim kardashian and miranda kerr are all fans of going bra-less .
king felipe was making his first appearance since the claims emerged .     new book alleges his father had a 10-year affair with a german socialite .     corinna zu sayn-wittgenstein claims juan-carlos wanted to marry her .     felipe , 47 , was joined by wife letizia , 42 , at university of alcala de henares .
certain products at retailer are more expensive per unit than supermarkets .     comes as poundland announced sales exceed # 1bn for first time last year .     company 's success has been put down to shoppers hunting for bargains .
jeanette rosenquist spotted the bird just outside copenhagen , denmark .     bird collected moss , grass and straw to line nest in damaged street light .     blue tit usually takes between one to two weeks to ready a nest for eggs .     female usually builds nest by herself with little or no help from the male .
allie davis , 21 , required her boyfriend to score at least 60 per cent to pass .     she posted questions and his results to twitter after he scored 80 per cent .     allie insists the stunt was n't entirely serious .
nutritionist sarah flower recommends vitamin-rich foods we should eat .     vegetables retain more nutrients when you steam , stir-fry or eat them raw .     eating the correct portions of these foods will ensure good health .
lippert , 42 , suffered deep gashes to his hand when he was assaulted by knife-wielding nationalist kim ki-jong in central seoul last month .     ` it is an amazing apparatus , one i have n't seen before - so innovative and creative , ' he wrote on facebook .
actor thinks the former secretary of state has ` paid her dues '     revealed his choice for the nomination at the tribeca film festival .     said in 2006 both she and obama would one day be in the white house .     added that if she is president there will be ` surprises '
mystery man wandered into polish embassy yesterday with no memory .     the only clue to his identity is a distinctive flower tattoo on his right arm .     he ca n't recall his own name , how he lost his memory or came to be in uk .     all he could remember that he was from poland and his daughter lenka .
flabbergasted mario draghi covers face as woman throws paper at him .     protester bundled off by two bodyguards , while third shields ecb boss .     she flashes v-for-victory sign as men carry her away by arms and legs .     ex-femen activist josephine witt , 21 , identified herself as demostrator .
timothy fradeneck , 38 , appeared in court on wednesday as he was arraigned on first-degree murder and child abuse charges .     fradeneck 's wife christine , 37 , their 2-year-old daughter celeste and 8-year-old son timothy iii were found dead in their home on monday .     when police searched the home , fradeneck allegedly confessed to strangling all three with a usb cord .     in court on wednesday , fradeneck was emotionless through the proceedings and prematurely tried to enter an insanity plea .     if convicted on the charges , he could spend the rest of his life in prison .
brits each have on average three unwanted and unreturned items .     four in 10 britons have an average of # 77 of unwanted online shopping .     more than 40 per cent simply ` could not be bothered ' to return item .     research also shows a third of adults have bought things they did not want .
disgruntled flyers have taken to social media to shame feral passengers .     the photographs show people with less than desirable habits on planes .     images are submitted anonymously by passengers and flight attendants .     the images were posted on an instagram account passenger shaming .
thomaz alckmin , son of city governor geraldo alckmin , said to have died .     he was on board when aircraft crashed in carapicuiba area of sao paulo .     house was apparently empty of people and said to have been unfinished .     three mechanics also thought to have died in crash at 5.20 pm yesterday .
the care quality commission damned the nhs 's first privately run hospital .     but it ignored its own inspectors ' spot check that found improvements .     in january the commission branded hinchingbrooke as ` inadequate '     today the commission will upgrade this and publish a glowing report .
thousands were left stranded at central london station during rush hour .     crucial section of track between wimbledon and surbiton was closed .     south west trains warned passengers of cancellations on all services .     network rail said staff were working ` flat out ' to fix the situation .
london-based designer claims to have made the world 's safest bike .     called the babel bike it has a host of features including a roll cage .     crispin sinclair is seeking # 50,000 of funding on site indiegogo .     bike also has foot protectors and an electric motor .
mils muliaina came off injured during connacht 's visit to gloucester .     the 34-year-old world cup winner was arrested by police after the game .     muliaina was held in cells overnight and questioned by officers in cardiff .     he denies assault allegations over alleged incident last month .
during a ` flex cam ' break at a philadelphia soul game on april 12 a woman proved that she had the bigger muscles than the man in front of her .     video of the unidentified woman 's robust display at the arena football league game has over 300,000 views on youtube .     the woman shames the man in front of her and perhaps everyone in the arena with her gigantic arms .
reps from both cable giants will meet with doj officials on wednesday .     first meeting companies had with regulators since announcing proposal .     earlier reports said doj antitrust attorneys wanted to block the merger .     officials fear the new company would dominate internet broadband market .     time warner shares closed friday at $ 149.61 while comcast was at $ 58.42 .
djokovic wins monte carlo masters .     defeats berdych 7-5 , 4-6 , 6-3 .     djokovic had earlier beaten clay expert nadal in semis .
researchers studied 40 million posts made by 1.7 million web users .     from this they divided people into two groups - future-banned users -lrb- fbus -rrb- and never-banned users -lrb- nbus -rrb- .     they built an algorithm that scans posts for signs of antisocial behaviour .     study shows this algorithm can identify potential trolls in 80 % of cases .
ruth davison , of the national housing federation , is a critic of tory plan .     she bought islington house for # 440,000 in 2005 , now worth # 1million .     anti-right to buy ms davison , is also a member of her local labour party .
lib dem leader is trailing labour in sheffield hallam constituency .     deputy prime minister won his seat in 2010 with more than 50 % of the vote .     revelation included in latest round of polling in marginal constituencies .
ryan gosling 's directorial debut , `` lost river '' , is set in the city of detroit .
manchester city will make signing english players a priority this summer .     raheem sterling , danny ings and ross barkley are all on city 's wanted list .     club chiefs want to sign young , hungry potentially world-class players .     the premier league champions , however , will not compromise on quality .     manuel pellegrini has admitted it 's hard to sign the best english talent .     city need eight homegrown players for their first-team squad next season .
lindsey walker booked one stay with partner and child at the rex hotel .     described how the whitley bay venue ` looked lovely online '     but reality was very different and family were ` shaken and scared '     room cost # 82 and was situated above a nightclub .
drake thanks madonna and says he `` got to make out with the queen ''     singer madonna kisses rapper drake onstage at coachella .     drake 's reaction was priceless , according to the web .
some smiled over an honor they felt was overdue , but also clenched their teeth over needs they say the army has denied .     ' i try not to be bitter . but it 's kind of hard not to be bitter , ' said jackson , a former staff sergeant .     thirteen people were killed and 31 were injured in the 2009 attack carried out by an army psychiatrist who is now on military death row .
indonesia has advised foreign consular officials to travel to indonesia 's `` execution island ''     the 10 death row inmates being held have had their legal bids rejected .     they include australian `` bali nine '' members andrew chan and myuran sukumaran .
charlie austin is yet to receive england call-up despite impressing for qpr .     austin has scored 17 premier league goals for the relegation strugglers .     roy hodgson should not listen to those who say he favours big clubs .
china 's navy evacuated 225 foreign nationals and 600 chinese citizens .     300 russians and 200 pakistanis were flown out of war-torn area .     weapons parachuted into aden by saudi-led war planes .     conflict has seen at least 519 people killed so far , says un .
researchers behind the gallup-healthways well-being index say the number of uninsured americans is now at a record low .     when tracking began in 2008 roughly 14 percent of citizens were uninsured , peaking at 18 percent in the third quarter of 2013 .     but marking a shift in the trend , for the first three months of this year the rate dropped to 11.9 percent .     the survey results were based on phone interviews conducted from january 2 to march 31 with a sample of 43,575 adults ages 18 and older .
sir alex ferguson has lived and breathed football since making his senior debut at the age of just 16 .     ferguson 's haul of 49 assorted cups and prizes making him easily britain 's most successful ever manager .     football is no longer the dominant factor in ferguson 's life .     click here for the latest manchester united news .
researchers had thought reading or looking at screens caused condition .     but now believe it could be because both of these activities occur indoors .     forty minutes extra of natural light per day could cut cases by a quarter .     chinese children now being sent to schools with translucent walls .
zeus joined the ridgefield police department in 2006 and retired in 2014 .     the 11-year-old german shepherd had severe degenerative hip disorder .     on wednesday , officers gave tribute to him in grand procession .     the k-9 officer responsible for over 250 narcotics arrests .     police department said he will be dearly missed but never forgotten .
timothy rogalski ` called the school five times and accused school staff of staging the shooting that left 20 children and six educators dead '     police traced the calls to his home and he was arrested .     ' i do n't think i said anything that horrible , ' he said in court .
tina fey was spotted for the first time since the suicide of dr. fredric brandt on friday .     the writer , actress and producer was on a school run with her youngest daughter penelope , 3 , and husband jeff richmond .     dr brandt took his own life on april 5 and was said to be devastated over a caricature of him on fey 's show unbreakable kimmy schmidt .     friends say that is not the reason he took his life .
bobby and stephanie separated three weeks ago after 10 years of marriage .     on friday the 50-year-old food network star filed for divorce .     his actress spouse is said to be not happy with the prenup in place .     they have no children and are ` fighting over property '     it was also claimed she questioned him about romancing january jones .
carolyn thorpe from bristol died when the tree toppled onto her in 2007 .     the 62-year-old 's daughter was also injured in the tragic accident .     town hall of hiers-brouage has now paid out thousands in compensation .
liverpool will go another campaign without silverware after fa cup exit .     it marks a third straight term where brendan rodgers has failed to deliver .     he has spent over # 200m on transfers but is yet to win a trophy at anfield .     and only a fraction of the 22 players he 's signed can be considered a ` hit '
macaca leucogenys long mistaken for macaca assamensis say scientists .     new macaque has a distinctive rounded rather than arrow shaped penis .     researchers say the remote highland forests of medog , in south east tibet , could be hiding many other new species that are waiting to be discovered .     they warn new macaque is threatened by hunting and habitat destruction .
wojciech szczesny to play in goal during arsenal 's fa cup semi-final .     the poland international lost the no 1 spot to new signing david ospina .     szczesny could leave the club if another keeper is bought by wenger .     click here for all the latest arsenal news .
philipp lahm spoke to owen hargreaves for an upcoming documentary .     lahm spoken of his career to date and plans for when he stops playing .     he hailed pep guardiola 's tactical nous and aggressive playing style .
ruslan bazarov was on a 100km cycle ride when he was struck by the truck .     the truck passed barazov on the inside sucking him towards the trailer .     the 28-year-old cyclist suffered two fractures to his leg and a pelvic injury .     the driver stopped soon after the incident road and blamed bazarov .
the queen 's former personal chef has revealed her favourite foods .     these include special k , chocolate cake , scones and venison .     it comes as her majesty has advertised for a sous chef .     the role pays # 28,000 a year and there will be accommodation available .
geologist claims the site in west java could be 9,000 to 20,000 years old .     dr danny hilman says man-made hillside hides a pyramid structure .     tests have established parts of the structure date to 7,000 bc .     could re-write pre-history , but other experts claim excavation is flawed .
san bernardino sheriff says 10 deputies have been put on leave .     video from a news helicopter shows deputies punching and kicking a man repeatedly .
` x ' marks have been spotted on garden sheds in east kilbride , lanarkshire .     other codes suggest occupant is vulnerable or that property has an alarm .     another mark tells burglars if there is nothing worth stealing in the building .
candle-lit memorials held on beach in malta and rome 's verano cemetery .     in memory of libyan refugees who died on a smugglers ' vessel on sunday .     italian coast guard has rescued hundreds more fleeing war in africa since .     only 5,000 can stay in europe , eu leaders are expected to announce today .
laura stevens , 38 , who lives in paris , suffered a painful relationship break-up .     british photographer asked friends and women she met to pose for photos of ` how she was feeling '     therapeutic , personal project is called another november -lrb- the month in which she and her partner separated -rrb- .
the photo was taken on easter monday morning at sunrise in queensland .     brad allan was going out fishing when he looked out at the horizon .     he says the eerie image of a solider was the remnants of storm clouds .     he says the photo is fitting for the upcoming centenary of anzac day .     this year more than 15,000 australians will attend overseas events commemorating the 100th anniversary of gallipoli .
pep guardiola wore #justiciaparatopo top in press conference on monday .     several of football 's biggest stars have paid tribute to jorge lopez .     argentine journalist was killed in a suspicious road accident in sao paolo .     lopez was in brazil ahead of 2014 world cup .     uefa say discipline is because of an ` incident of a non-sporting nature '
singer melissa plancarte broke into a court to film her new music video .     she 's the daughter of mexican drugs lord enrique plancarte who died in a shoot out with the navy .     his murderous cartel hanged victims by their necks on motorway bridges .     plancarte , who has three pet tigers , posts pictures of her ` bling ' life online .
eurocamp 's safari tents are more deluxe than a normal stay under canvas .     l'ardéchoise site is in the ardèche region in south central france .     an hour-and-half 's drive from the south 's beaches and montpellier airport .     this site is a five-star park at the top end of what 's on offer in france .     it has four pools and a camp ` animateur ' organising activities for little ones .
mountain bike athletes were captured as they took giant leaps at portland rock , near weymouth in dorset .     group are made up of renowned professional trial bike riders , jack gear , 25 , andrei burton , 29 and joe seddon , 19 .     bikers seemed unfazed as sea crashed 10 metres below them while they jumped from one jagged rock to another .
gyllenhaal lost 30lbs for thriller nightcrawler then gained it all back - and put on 15 more pounds of pure muscle in six months .     went to the gym twice a day for six hours .     regime included 2,000 situps , three hours of boxing and three hours of cardio and weight training .     mimics great hollywood physique changes like matthew mcconaughey going from magic mike hunk to dallas buyers club aids patient .
aguero opened scoring in the 8th minute , tapping in silva 's pinpoint cross .     young levels minutes six minutes later , reacting to a loose ball in the box .     fellaini nods in young 's cross for his sixth of the season in the 28th minute .     mata punished weak city defending to add a breakaway third in the 66th .     an unmarked smalling nodded home young 's free-kick to make it four .     aguero finished zabaleta 's cross to add a his second late on .     vincent kompany 's challenge on daley blind attracted criticism - and a booking - and he was subbed after half-time .     city had won the last four manchester derbies but sank to their fourth defeat in six premier league games .     for united , this was a sixth successive win , and a hugely impressive one .     view all the stats and pitch maps from the game with our match zone .     read : ashley young laughs at manchester city as manchester united silence ` noisy neighbours ' with big derby win .
hill was diagnosed with a rare form of brain cancer when she was 18 and by last september , she was told she would not live past december .     she passed away in hospital on friday after defying doctors ' expectations .     last year , the ncaa agreed to bring the season 's first game forward so she could achieve her dream of playing collegiate basketball .     she ultimately played four games for mount st. joseph university before her health forced her to quit and coach instead .     she continued to raise awareness for her cancer and raised $ 1.5 million .
lindsey norman purchased buns from sainsbury 's store in peterborough .     the mother-of-two spotted the image of jesus christ in a hot cross bun .     said it made me ` giggle as it 's coming up to easter ' but has eaten the bun .
public housing tenants will pay a bond under a nsw government plan .     community services minister brad hazzard said the annual bill for repairs and maintenance on taxpayer-funded housing had hit $ 12 million .     mr hazzard said the bond would be able to be paid in instalments .
natasha , 24 , and patrick jackson , 22 , were both left brain damaged at birth .     they 're severely disabled , suffer cerebral palsy and natasha has epilepsy .     she is wheelchair-bound and relies of nurses to help her dress and eat .     mother , paula mckay , has won a # 13 million legal battle for compensation .
barcelona beat getafe 6-0 at the nou camp on tuesday night .     lionel messi and luis suarez both scored twice , while neymar also struck .     the front three have now scored more than 100 goals this season .
bayern munich trail porto 3-1 in their champions league quarter-final tie .     pep guardiola 's contract as bayern manager expires in the summer of 2016 .     manuel pellegrini 's deal at manchester city finishes at the same time too .
vin los , 24 , poses in boxer briefs for underwear brand garçon model .     the montreal native has a selection of words tattooed on his face , neck , and body that look like they were scrawled on with a sharpie .     vin 's goal is to be the most famous man on earth and he insists that his body art embodies pop culture .
prime minister reveals 11-year-old daughter 's withering comparison .     phil dunphy is the hapless father loved for his bizarre pearls of wisdom .     nancy threatens a no. 10 memoir including how she was left in a pub .
he made the statement before in march .     o'malley is low in the polls with democrats , but he has been flirting with a presidential run .
anne germain , 86 , was killed by the flood waters on wednesday .     she was making a quick trip to the shops when her car washed away .     bystanders stripped off and dove into the icy waters to try and save her and her car was dragged by the fast waters in maitland .     she had wanted to go and see her husband in a nursing home but knew it would n't be safe .     nsw premier mike baird visited the area and is ` shocked ' by devastation .
new images have surfaced of louis tomlinson 's all-night partying session , which appeared to end at around 6am .     they follow the release of a photograph taken of 23-year-old boy band star in which he appears to be rolling a joint beside a box of green substance .     tomlinson had been partying hard for 48 hours in london , and took five girls back to his room at the soho hotel .     comes after tomlinson appeared on exclusive daily mail online video in which zayn malik appeared to smoke drug .     bandmate liam payne then issued apology for video .
martin tyler revealed 1996 anfield thriller is his favourite game of all time .     the iconic commentator says the winning goal still gives him goosebumps .     liverpool opened the scoring on two minutes through robbie fowler .     newcastle equalised eight minutes later after les ferdinand 's strike .     what followed was a seven goal thriller that went right to the wire .     it was a chance for both teams to put pressure on league leaders manchester united .
ukip leader ` confessed ' that he preferred some migrants to others .     he said immigrants from commonwealth countries settled more easily .     mr farage also called on refugees fleeing to europe to be sent back .     he said the royal navy should be sent to patrol the mediterranean .     mr farage also accepted that he used explosive language to get noticed .
two different online audit tools say no more than 44 per cent of hillary 's 3.6 million twitter fans are real people who participate in the platform .     the newly minted presidential candidate is fending off accusations that her facebook page is full of fake ` likes '     her facebook fan base includes more people from baghdad , iraq than any us city .     when she was secretary of state , her agency paid $ 630,000 to bulk up its facebook likes , but pledged to stop after she left .
members of the royal household have voted for work to rule in pay row .     wardens claim they 're asked to perform extra duty for no extra money .     staff complained they 're being paid far below the ` living wage ' they deserve .     royal collection trust called the vote for industrial action ` disappointing '
kimberley donoghue fell down stairs carrying a box of decorations .     the 28-year-old was put into a cast just four days before her wedding .     the bride was wheeled into church by her dad , and sat to say her vows .     after a year of planning , she says she ` knew something had to go wrong '
president barack obama is attending the summit of the americas .     frida ghitis says he must work to improve ties with region .
film crew was following deputies chase horse thief in california desert .     man falls off his horse , two deputies stun him with their tasers .     they then kick him in groin and head repeatedly before others join them .     in total , eight deputies surround the man kicking him for two minutes .     san bernardino county sheriff has called for investigation into the incident .
janet muller was found dead in a burning car in ifield , crawley , last month .     university of brighton student , 21 , died as a result of smoke inhalation .     murder squad detectives release cctv footage of her last known movements .
chelsea could consider selling brazilian midfielder oscar this summer .     both juventus and liverpool are keeping tracking of developments .     oscar has struggled to maintain a first team place this season .
detective : `` i sincerely apologize '' for berating uber driver .     nypd investigating encounter that was caught on tape by passenger .     detective placed on modified assignment .
in traustein , germany , hundreds of horse riders dressed in traditional costume take place in an easter parade .     the processional , known as the georgiritt , sees participants head to a local church where they will be blessed .     in central europe , men douse women with buckets of water as part of their easter monday celebrations .
adam leheup met his alleged victim at waterloo station in july 2013 .     blackfriars crown court heard the pair went to gordon 's wine bar .     leheup arranged to meet the girl after corresponding on ` let 's date ' app .     he denies raping the girl after she invited him back to her camden flat .
workers carry heavy planks and wheelbarrows full of concrete across wooden walkway thousands of feet in the air .     men , who are just one step from death , have no ropes or safety harnesses and only hard hats to cushion their fall .     officials in pingjiang county , hunan province , hope the path will attract thousands of tourists when it is complete .
australian model renee somerfield wears bikini in new protein world ad .     campaign pushing weight loss blasted by some body image campaigners .     fitness model calls the backlash ` contradictory '     protein world have defended campaign and refuse to remove the advert .
ronnie o'sullivan had to borrow pair of shoes from audience member .     the 39-year-old played one frame in socks due to ankle discomfort .     o'sullivan was breaking snooker etiquette in failing to wear smart shoes .     read : ding junhui misses out on maximum break -lrb- and # 30,000 -rrb- .
heida reed has claimed audiences ' obsession with her co-star is ` sexist '     she said aidan turner is being ` objectified ' in a form of ` reverse sexism '     hundreds of viewers have expressed delight about turner 's bare chest .
ruba khandaqji was arrested wednesday after calling 911 and threatening to hire a hit-man to kill florida governor rick scott .     khandaqji : ` pass this to your governor . tell him she is hiring a hitman '     the woman has drawn the attention of authorities four times in the last three months .
` republicans seem to be talking only about me , ' hillary told reporters in new hampshire .     that 's true : a forthcoming book claims she traded official favors at the state department for speaking fees and donations to her foundation .     ` hopefully we 'll get on to the issues , ' she said .     clinton has yet to publicly articulate her own platform of issues and policy goals as a presidential candidate .
melanie serita buck , 33 , accused of ` deliberately ' knocking michael buckley .     there was ` altercation ' before she ` rammed him out of frustration ' , jury told .     60-year-old fell to floor , breaking two bones , and died three months later .     buck , from bromley , denies manslaughter and gbh - the case continues .
christie 's is holding a magnificent jewels auction next month in geneva .     overall , it is expected to raise in excess of # 53million .     includes pink diamond worth # 8million and sapphire worth # 2.7 million .
nba player jeff green had open heart surgery to repair an aortic aneurysm in 2011 .     green missed the entire 2011-2012 basketball season .     now he donates time to young cardiovascular patients .
the #kyliejennerchallenge is currently sweeping social media .     method involves creating an airlock which forces lips to swell .     teens are hoping to emulate kylie jenner 's puffy pout .
an attorney for freddie gray 's family alleges that police are involved in a cover-up .     there are ongoing administrative and criminal investigations .     baltimore 's mayor promises to get the bottom of what happened .
fans are in the dark ahead of floyd mayweather v manny pacquiao fight .     tickets for the most anticipated fight in years have yet to go on sale .     when they are finally put on sale , only a few will be sold at the listed price .     prices have tripled in the re-sale market despite tickets not being released .
summer elbardissy was partying at the beta theta pi frat house last year .     she ` tried to reach makeshift roof deck ' , but fell out of third-floor window .     rushed to hospital with brain injury , a broken skull and bruising on lung .     forced to relearn skills such as walking , swallowing food and dressing .     seven months on , 19-year-old is still recovering from traumatic injuries .     she has filed lawsuit against fraternity house , accusing it of negligence .     in 24-page document , she also accuses wesleyan university of ` failing to protect her from dangers at the frat house ' despite city officials ' reports .
thursday 's match between two baseball heavyweights turned into a brawl .     began after dispute between the yordana ventura and adam eaton .     sparked a mass fight with members of both teams running onto the field .     umpired ejected a total of five players after the scrap at chicago 's stadium .
cathryn parker , 72 , gave a false name at a traffic stop in la last month .     police realized she was also leasing her home with another name .     case unraveled to be one of the worst cases of identity theft in the state .     most of her identities are stolen from hollywood production staffers .     anyone with information regarding the case is asked to contact the lapd on 661 940-3851 .
ulysses beaudoin , 39 , of texas , allegedly shot his son , ulysses nelson , twice in the back .     officials say he then threatened his 18-year-old son with 9mm handgun .     beaudoin and his girlfriend fled from the scene but were tracked down .     the father was seen weeping and muttering , my baby , ' as he was being handcuffed .
the houston texans defensive end released the video as part of his announcement of signing a reebok endorsement deal .     watt , 26 , is 6-foot-5 and 289lbs .
chelsea winger victor moses has spent the season on loan at stoke city .     nigeria international has returned to stamford bridge for injury treatment .     potters are chasing daniel wass , javier hernandez and lee cattermole .
man left horrified after discovering timber in frozen iceland curry .     wife discovered splinter-covered shard whilst preparing the biryani .     iceland are now conducting an investigation into how it happened .
the pfa premier league team of the year was unveiled on sunday night .     it included six chelsea players including captain john terry .     man united , arsenal , liverpool , tottenham and southampton represented .     the ea sports team sees diego costa and nemanja matic miss out .     but blues midfielder cesc fabregas is included .     sergio aguero , santi cazorla , aaron cresswell and phil jagielka also in .     click here for all the latest premier league news .
in his final known video , adam gadahn called for governments of pakistan and saudi arabia to be overthrown .     he was raised in california and said he was of jewish ancestry .     he converted to islam in 1995 , left u.s. in 1998 and joined al qaeda , becoming a spokesman .
angelina santini from san diego , california , filmed her son marcus getting carried away in his bouncer one day .     the comical clip shows the youngster lurching back and forth with the device almost touching the floor .
judge issued european arrest warrant for colin shearing , of chichester .     shearing , published as colin king , was convicted of indecent assault .     he was released on bail and given a week to ` put personal matters in order .     sentenced to three years in jail in his absence and faces additional sentence for absconding .
jacques burger prepares for battle with racing metro in quarter-final clash .     at sarries the flanker is loved by his teammates every bit as much as he is loathed by opponents .     saracens director of rugby mark mccall described burger as ` unique among rugby players '     with a face left battered and bruised by years of punishment , burger is the man you want on your team .
system uses combination of powerful software and ` mems ' technology .     this allows the camera to pick up the hyperspectral image of an object .     hyperspectral imaging reveals chemical composition from a distance .     data will be analysed elsewhere and the results sent to a smartphone .
poll shows 43 % think labour leader ed miliband wants to win the most .     just 7 % think david cameron is enjoying the campaign more than rivals .     tories step up efforts to show their leader is passionate about campaign .     cameron says he is ` feeling pumped ' ahead of ` bloody important election '
a 19-year-old woman said a man had looked under her changing cubicle .     police issued cctv images from at aqua vale swimming pool in aylesbury .     new pictures thought to be connected to similar incident at the same pool .     on february 7 , two teenage girls were sexually assaulted in changing area .
fda investigators found that a number of flavors were labeled ` healthy ' - brimming with fiber and antioxidants , while being low in fat and sodium .     however , upon closer inspection it was found that ` none of the products met the requirements to make such content claims '     daily mail online calculated that one kind bar flavor - not included in the fda investigation - contains more calories and fat than a snickers bar .     new york university nutritionist , marion nestle , likened kind bars to candy .
average british worker sits through 6,239 meetings in their career .     60 per cent of the 2,000 surveyed say they find meetings ` pretty pointless '     one in five adults admit to catching forty winks during a work meeting .     70 per cent also confessed to constantly zoning out during sessions .
9 in 10 teens go online every day , unable to resist the lure of facebook .     parents also face a nightmare monitoring children as 71 % of teens use more than one social network , the pew research centre found .     nearly three-quarters of teens have or have access to a smartphone .
astronomer claims bright light and divine voice heard by paul 2,000 years ago may have been exploding meteor similar to the one over chelyabinsk .     uv radiation could have caused temporary blindness called photokeratitis .     scientist claims this may have been the source of paul 's ` vision ' in 30ad .     paul the apostle was an instrumental figure in the spread of christianity .
yaphank in long island was founded in part by the german american bund , a pro nazi group that flourished in the 1930s .     they established camp siegfried in 1935 as a place for like-minded aryans to drink beer , hold military demonstrations and learn about eugenics .     yaphank remains a town in long island , but gone are the roads once called adolf hitler street , goebbels and goering .
aimee west , 24 , was devastated when her husband-to-be was murdered .     she met fusilier lee rigby at army cadet training camp in august 2012 .     but in may 2013 , the 25-year-old was hacked to death in broad daylight .     now , she has found comfort in 51-year-old father-of-three paul draper .
the cheeky cards were given by men to women in 19th century america .     some were romantic in tone , others more blunt - but they were always very polite .     many men would ask for the card back in return if they were rejected .
robert butler , 43 , transported inside a shipping container from bannister house in providence , rhode island , to eleanor slater hospital in cranston .     the complex operation on sunday took 7 hours and involved two local fire departments .     mr butler has had a decade-long battle with his weight and depression .
kristina patrick from alaska filmed her german shepherd pakak performing a very skillful trick .     footage shows the pup taking the ball from her mouth with her paws and holding it up high in the air to admire it .     she then carefully lowers it back down to the starting point .
ms flanders was ` secretly ' dating labour leader when he first met justine .     yesterday she confirmed story , tweeting : ` we `` dated '' fleetingly in 2004 '     miss flanders , 46 , accused the media of ` raking over ' mr miliband 's past .
geologist ran 150 chemical tests on ossuaries and ` jesus family tomb '     claims chemical signature proves james ossuary was at jerusalem site .     chalk box bears inscription ` james , son of joseph , brother of jesus '     find suggests jesus fathered a child and was married .
australian woman felt a wheeze and took a breath on her uncapped inhaler .     felt a scratch on her throat and began coughing up blood and wheezing .     in hospital scans showed the earring was stuck in her right bronchus .     it was removed and experts warned leaving caps off inhalers is dangerous .
river plate admit they ` dream ' of manchester united striker radamel falcao .     the colombia international spent eight years with the argentine club .     falcao has managed just four goals in 19 premier league appearances .     read : falcao still ` has faith ' that he could continue at man utd next season .     click here for the latest manchester united news .
dangelo conner , from new york , was messing around with stun gun .     zapped the air and a coke can before deciding to use on metal bracelet .     shocked jewelry while he was holding it , sending current into his body .     is shown collapsing and twitching while his friends watch and laugh .
ann price was the woman behind the ` ghetto burger , ' called best in america by the wall street journal in 2007 .     cause of death has yet to be released .     price 's signature creation was a double cheeseburger with bacon , grilled onions , ketchup , mustard and chili .
pair a floral skirt with a bold , pink sleeveless shirt and matching shoes .     accessorise a mondrian print dress with red accents .     brighten up monochrome stripes with a vibrant orange waistcoat .
sbs sports journalist scott mcintyre made the comments on the 100th anniversary of the gallipoli campaign .     he accused anzac 's of war crimes and mocked their bravery .     outraged social media users launched the hashtag #sackscottmcintyre .     minister for communications malcolm turnbull called the comments ` inappropriate ' and ` despicable ' and called for their condemnation .
vaccine named rts , s could be available by october , scientists believe .     will become the first approved vaccine for the world 's deadliest disease .     designed for use in children in africa , it can prevent up to half of cases .     experts hail ` extraordinary achievement ' for british firm that developed it .
sussex police poster features two young women taking a selfie .     the message urges female friends to ` stick together ' on a night out .     campaigners say police should be targeting potential rapists instead .     but police say they have an obligation to urge women to minimise risks .
# 3m film charts life of ukrainian-born soviet sniper lyudmila pavlichenko .     aims to be a hit in both countries despite the ongoing crisis in ukraine .     has been launched with glitzy gala premieres in both moscow and kiev .     pavlichenko killed 309 nazis during battles in odessa and sevastopol .
farmers in struggling country towns are renting properties for $ 1 a week .     residents of rural communities are hoping to attract young families .     it 's hoped more young families will help keep local schools open .     20 townships across australia have adopted the rent-a-farmhouse model .
ten-week-old qingqing is in a critical condition following surgery .     the tiny child was on her own in a house in haimen city , china .     her mother returned from work to find bloodied daughter on floor .
andrea bradley and glen bates charged with aggravated murder in the beating death of their two-year-old daughter glenara .     glenara was brought to the hospital last month with bruises , belt marks and bite marks , a head injury and broken teeth .     prosecutors say at the time of her death the toddler was weighing only 13lbs .     coroner said it was the worst case of starvation she 's even seen .     in her final days , glenara ate and slept in a bathtub filled with feces and blood .
sunday 's party marked the 150th anniversary of the end of the american civil war and was held in a rural brazilian town colonized by families fleeing reconstruction .     thousands turn out every year , including many who trace their ancestry back to the dozens of families who , enticed by the brazilian government 's offers of land grants , settled here from 1865 to around 1875 .     amid food and beer stands bedecked with red-white-and-blue ribbons , extended families tucked into diet-busting barbecue and hamburger lunches as ` dixie ' played on a loop .
a man identified as walter witt on youtube was casually filming a serene forest a short distance away from the foot of the calbuco volcano .     ` beautiful , the volcano there ... ` he says just before the volcano begins to blow .     volcano calbuco had erupted for the first time at 6pm local time on wednesday and has been dormant since 1972 .
barcelona set to travel to celta vigo for clash on sunday .     lionel messi set to return from foot injury for la liga match .     celta forward nolito urges former team-mate messi not to play .
battle between lenders has intensified recently , causing rates to plummet .     hsbc have now announced 1.99 % interest deal on a five-year fix mortgage .     offer expected to spark flood of rate cuts by banks and building societies .     experts have described cheapest deal ever of its kind as ` astonishing '
getty images photographer john moore received the industry 's top gong last night for his incredible photographs .     his pictures show the horror and heartbreak of the deadly ebola virus as it ravaged west africa last year .     the expert judging panel said his photographs conveyed the situation with ` heart , compassion and understanding '     he was named the winner from group of 13 photographers across categories that included landscapes and culture .
scotland has been named the most popular wedding destination in the uk .     a quarter of all marriages in scotland involve couples from elsewhere .     wedding tourism industry has had # 80 million impact on the economy .     hometown hero , andy murray , to wed kim sears in dunblane cathedral .
scott keyes , 28 , has cracked the system around the world for free .     the writer reveals his secrets in two ebooks and to mailonline travel .     tips include savvy use of credit cards , knowing when to book , and planning the destination after selecting the flights on offer .
northampton were 27-0 down at the break at the stade marcel-michelin .     noa nakaitaci , wesley fofana and nick abendanon went over for clermont .     alex waller scored a late try for the visitors on saturday night .
cindy santamaria-williams is covered in bruises and has a broken eye socket following the alleged attack on easter sunday .     santamaria-williams claims three teenage girl beat her outside the theater after she shushed the girls because they were loud .     santamaria-williams ' sister-in-law was also hurt .     police are searching for the teens and say they will face assault charges .
max muggeridge reeled in a four metre tiger shark at the weekend .     he was fishing with girlfriend at tweed heads in nsw .     the gold coast man described the catch as the best moment of his life .     after a three hour battle with the monster max released the shark .     he believes it could have been a world record but did n't get measurements .
alejandro bouvier of uruguay filmed the moment another rider got scarily close to his watercraft one sunny day .
figures from the catholic church show more and more becoming nuns .     the number of women taking holy vows stood at just seven back in 2004 .     but that figure had risen to 15 in 2009 and increased further to 45 last year .     one father said a ` gap in the market for meaning ' led people toward religion .
lee cattermole returns from suspension for sunderland .     but black cats without injured defender wes brown through a knee injury .     knee surgery will see massadio haidara miss rest of the season .     steven taylor , paul dummett , cheick tiote and siem de jong also out for newcastle united ahead of wear-tyne derby .
peter moskos : reserve cop , 73 , meant to use a taser on a man , but shot him dead instead . why was a volunteer cop witha gun in a violent crimes unit ?     he says the man may have bought his way in with donations to police . cops are , and should be , wary of those a little too eager to be police .     moskos : right approach is unarmed auxiliary cops , like in nyc , volunteering as a way to connect public to police .
luke shambrook , 11 , was found after he went missing on good friday .     he went missing in lake eildon national park - north-east of melbourne .     his family had taken him to the park since he was just one year old .     ` every year he 's been up and down the hills , ' his dad tim said .     the autistic boy was found on tuesday by a police helicopter .     doctors are amazed at how well he is doing considering his four-day ordeal .     the boy was suffering from dehydration , hypothermia and exhaustion .
chelsea are considering a pre-season tour to japan this summer .     if it goes ahead , the 12,000-mile round trip would likely last for two weeks .     but international bosses will require chelsea players in june .
manchester united take on manchester city on sunday .     match will begin at 4pm local time at united 's old trafford home .     police have no objections to kick-off being so late in the afternoon .     last late afternoon weekend kick-off in the manchester derby saw 34 fans arrested at wembley in 2011 fa cup semi-final .
1 pierrepont plaza also houses morgan stanley and the federal prosecutor 's office .     hillary 's campaign will occupy two full floors in the brooklyn heights neighborhood .     upscale hipster neighborhood includes urban outfitters , banana republic , shake shack and a private squash club .     ' i guess we can expect all the clinton campaign t-shirts to have ironic slogans , right ? ' said a gop senate staffer .     campaign has just 15 days to declare itself in the white house hunt after taking a formal step like committing to office space .
charlotte cobbald , 17 , was visiting family farm in suffolk while being treated in a mental health unit .     she said she felt like a ` failure ' and injected herself with animal drugs .     told her father ` leave me to die ' and paramedics were unable to revive her .
castleford tigers defeated hull kr 25-4 in the super league on april 11 .     australian winger justin carney dislocated his elbow during win .     james clare is expected to take carney 's place against widnes on sunday .
the 34-year-old singer made the initial comments on loose women .     argued that ` unhealthy lifestyles ' should not be ` facilitated '     star faced bitter twitter backlash , then appeared on good morning britain .     back on loose women this afternoon , she clarified her views .     janet street porter and her other co-stars leapt to her defence .
real housewives of beverly hills star confessed to dr. phil that she is struggling with alcohol in emotional interview set to air april 28 .     richards stormed out of the session after dr. phil 's offer of help .     her three kids followed her down the hall of the beverly wilshire hotel imploring her to return .     ` why do you have to be so f *** ing picky , ' daughter brooke yells . ` you have to do this mom '     she spoke about her arrest on april 16 when she was taken into custody at the beverly hills hotel for a ` drunken incident '
tyus byrd , who is black , was recently elected mayor of parma , missouri .     she beat the white current mayor randall ramsey .     six city officials quit their jobs shortly after byrd won .     two of those individuals are trish cohen , parma 's former police chief , and rich medley , the town 's former assistant police chief .     cohen has said she and medley feared for their safety , since their home addresses had been shared online by byrd 's family members .     medley has said after being told by byrd 's supporters that parma 's police officers were going to be fired , he decided to quit .     byrd has said she does n't know what the ` safety issues ' were and that she ` never said anything about cleaning house '
reverend sharpton was expected to appear sunday in north charleston .     he preached at charity missionary baptist church before going to vigil .     sermon addressed scott and need for reform around national policing .     elected officials and police from north charleston were in attendance .     south carolina senator marlon kimpson was also there to hear sharpton .
spiderfab uses arachnid-like droids to construct large objects in orbit .     could be used to create the infrastructure to get man to mars .
tom moffatt , 27 , from ashton-under lyne , tried to ink ` riley ' into left arm .     but instead of ` l' , he started needling letter ` p ' - and had to scribble it out .     he also attempted to write riley 's nickname ` sonny boy ' - but ended up scratching ` sony boy ' across knuckles instead .     nhs worker is having laser removal to try and rid of the botched inkwork .
sales of # 1,100 poncho spotted on stars have boosted burberry 's profits .     ponchos , coats and scarves boosted sales by 10 per cent over winter .     victoria beckham , rosie huntington-whiteley and sienna miller were all spotted wearing the ponhos , each monogrammed with their initials .
philippe coutinho was man of the match in liverpool 's win over blackburn .     alex baptiste was superb in defence for the hosts at ewood park .     daniel sturridge continued to show a lack of match sharpness .
prosecutor ray gricar has been missing for 10 years .     his laptop and hard drive were found too damaged to read .     gricar has been declared legally dead .
kejonuma leisure land in tohoku , japan , attracted 200,000 visitors per year in its heyday .     now , the abandoned site , which is believed to be cursed , has become a tourist attraction in its own right .     photographer florian seidel visited the creepy location to photograph the park 's ongoing dereliction .
ed miliband bored his future wife justine on their first meeting at a party .     the labour leader discussed economics when she had little interest .     he then failed to tell her that he was going out with the dinner party 's host .     mrs miliband said she and her husband are not interested in ` kitchengate '
a man was caught on video savagely beating an elderly truck driver along the side of route 95 near baltimore , maryland .     this after the truck driver hit the man 's car , though he claims he only did so because he was cut off .     tommy solis was driving by and filmed the incident , eventually getting out of his car to try and stop the fighting .     the man refused to stop and got in the face of solis ' friend , who clocked him and left him passed out cold on the side of the road .     solis then rolled him over so he would n't get hit by a car when they left the scene .     no one reported the incident and no arrests have been made .
arsenal beat top four rivals liverpool 4-1 at the emirates on saturday .     hector bellerin , mesut ozil and alexis sanchez put hosts 3-0 ahead .     jordan henderson pulled one back for the visitors from the penalty spot .     arsenal striker olivier giroud completed the scoreline in injury time .     win moves arsenal into second - nine points ahead of the reds .
man was driving to visit his elderly mother when he saw injured woman .     said he did n't stop because he did n't want the inconvenience .     returned to find that woman was his mother , and she died from her injuries .     drivers in china often reluctant to stop at accidents for fear of getting sued themselves .
39-year-old man shot numerous times while sitting in a car at his mother 's .     the man is reportedly known on facebook under the nickname karl kay .     police believe the attack was targeted and the victim was known to them .     authorities refuse to comment on whether the incident was gang-related .     ` it 's a vendetta i believe , ' one concerned neighbour says , however .
` ena ' was designed by walter reeks in 1900 and undertook war service as hmas sleuth in world war i .     the 29 metre steam yacht sank near hobart in 1981 but was salvaged .     it was turned into a commercial cargo and fishing vessel , renamed ` aurore '     the historic steam boat has been listed by paul sumner at mossgreen .     it has been marketed as ` the finest steam yacht in australia and only one of three of its kind remaining in the world '
are these the ghostly disembodied boots of a samurai soldier ?     chatter online after mysterious image emerges of a little girl .     the photograph was taken in kanagawa prefecture , japan , last year .     a black pair of boots appear behind the small child .     however , there is no evidence of anyone else in other photos .     ' i know there are several very old samurai tombs ' nearby .     the photographer purportedly insists it has not been photoshopped .
a passenger caught a driver reading the paper on a bus in auckland , nz .     he sent the video to bus company ritchies coachlines with a complaint .     his boss said he was embarrassed by the ` idiot ' driver 's actions .
aidan fraley , 16 , says his father eric harris ' killer robert bates should never have been allowed to work as a tulsa deputy .     fraley says the police at the scene and those who allowed bates on the streets are to blame but his mother cathy fraley says she forgives bates .     bates has said he mistakenly pulled out a handgun rather than a stun gun when he fatally shot eric harris on april 2 as he lay on the ground .
jessica carey had her grandmother 's portrait tattooed on her forearm .     she then drove almost four hours to surprise her grandmother with it .     her grandmother patty lawing 's priceless reaction is captured on film .
johnita due : the anger and frustration i saw in 1980 miami is repeated in 2015 baltimore .     she says teaching the power of nonviolent protest is essential .
jack cordero , 14 , from portland , has won praise for his etiquette .     he was sick in a bookshop but handwrote staff there an apology .     the manager of the shop , jennifer wicka , said that the note made her day .     a picture of the letter went viral after it was uploaded to twitter .
archivists at nestle have assembled images dating back to 1970s .     collection includes eggs from yorkie , kit kat , smarties and rowntree 's .     prior to wwi , people celebrated easter with chocolate fish and chickens .
scotland youth international jack cosgrove is joining edinburgh .     young worcester prop will move north of the border next season .     the 20-year-old expressed his delight in joining the european cup finalists .
edward mccaffery : there 's a fundamental unfairness to u.s. tax laws .     but americans do n't care because most of us get a refund on tax day , and that makes us happy .
megumi igarashi makes pieces of art that are modelled on her vagina .     her case has sparked accusations of heavy-handed censorship .     ` the data for female genitals is not obsence , ' she told a tokyo court .
an iowa bulldog named tank took home the crown sunday at drake university 's annual ` beautiful bulldog contest '     tank beat out 49 other dogs in the 36th annual contest .     tank will now serve as the mascot for the drake relays .
craig and bonnie morgan are desperate to keep son craig at prep school .     from hastings in east sussex , they are sending him to battle abbey .     fees of # 4,000 mean selling their terraced house and trying crowd-funding .     claim ` academically gifted ' craig was n't being stretched at state primary .
mother-of-two , 34 , snapped up to front dafiti 's aw15 campaign .     latin american e-tailer believe she embodies the style of the brand .     recently named no. 8 on forbes list of top-earning models .
travellers are increasingly ignoring hotels for ` homes away from home '     homestays , with and without hosts , are available for all budgets .     sites like homestay and airbnb are catering to this different style of travel .
reading scientists say chewing gum helps you forget a song .     in a study people were less likely to think about it when chewing .     and they were a third less likely to ` hear ' it when chewing gum .     results suggests same technique could stop other intrusive thoughts .
president ` believes that to deny the existence of climate change is to deny an observable fact that is substantiated by science , ' press secretary said .     he added : ` and there are some who are involved in politics that choose to deny that fact because it 's inconvenient to their case and it might be inconvenient to some of their strongest political supporters '     remarks followed the president 's gas guzzling , 1,836 mile trip on wednesday , earth day , to the florida everglades aboard air force one .
caroline wozniacki will compete at the french open , which begins may 25 .     danish star predicted she would play at roland garros when she was 11 .     former world no 1 also revealed a sneak preview of her adidas outfit .
brits arrested on turkey-syria border and are now in custody .     nine people tried to enter syria illegally , according to local media .     the arrested brits are three men , two women and four children .
wrinkle preventing pillowcase , $ 40 -lrb- # 26 -rrb- , from hammacher schlemmer .     said to use blend of ` hydrophobic fibres ' that help skin retain moisture .     canadian firm , which also makes the anti-wrinkle pillow , ships to the uk .
the united states ' national defense reserve fleet was set up after the second world war in 1945 .     the fleet can be activated within one to four months to aid in national defense and emergencies .     at its height in 1950 , the ndrf consisted of 2,277 ships , reduced to 230 by 2007 , and 122 in april last year .
jamie o'hara scored from the spot after just six minutes .     but grant hall 's own goal gave reading a share of the spoils .     blackpool fans protested against owners , the oyston family .     the seasiders need two more points to pass stockport 's 26 .
millie marotta 's book , animal kingdom , features detailed line illustrations .     the # 3.99 book is currently # 1 on amazon 's top 100 books list .     the 36-year-old illustrator resides and works in tenby , wales .
leonard keysor , 30 , was a bomb thrower during world war i at gallipoli .     he would catch or pick up live grenades and throw them back at the enemy .     for his heroic effort , lance corporal keysor was awarded a victoria cross .     the victoria cross is the highest military honour an australian can receive .     he spent 48 hours throwing ` hundreds ' of bombs back at the turkish army .
bruce is set to star in an eight-episode docu-series on e! starting july 27 .     kim , burt , brandon and brody ` do n't want him to do the series '     jenner 's sons and daughter casey tell gma the star left them in the '80s .
around australia men and women flocked to play two-up after attending dawn and memorial services on anzac day .     the game dates back to australia 's goldfields and the first recorded games took place in the late 1790s .     two-up is illegal on all days apart from anzac day as it is considered a form of gambling .     versions vary between the original two-coined game and three-coined version .     pennies are placed on a paddle and are thrown into the air for people to bet on -lrb- ` heads ' or ` tails ' -rrb- .
geoff johnson and jennifer mcshea both grew up with a mother who compulsively hoarded things .     refrigerator did n't work , trash piled up , but nothing was fixed . it left them with deep-rooted feelings of shame .     two decades after they left , their mother died and the house was passed to them .     they have revisited and created a photo series , superimposing their children onto photos of the house to show the uneasy sight of youngsters growing up in that environment .
chelsea 's u19s side were crowned uefa youth league champions .     they defeated shakhtar dontsk 3-2 in the final on monday .     despite chelsea 's successful academy , very few graduate to the first-team .     izzy brown , dominic solanke and ruben loftus-cheek represent the best chance the club has of bucking the trend .
the self-proclaimed kidnapper behind ` gone girl abduction ' of denise huskins now says he will turn himself in to police .     he revealed this in an email to the san francisco chronicle , and said that his co-conspirators must be given immunity .     he then said if police did not agree to this deal , he would go teach english overseas or ` go off the grid '     huskins and her boyfriend aaron quinn have yet to make a public statement about the kidnapping .     huskins , 29 , was allegedly snatched from her home on march 23 , then released one day later 400 miles away in her childhood hometown .     her boyfriend quinn , 30 , was allegedly tied up and monitored by the kidnappers , which is why he could not go to police for 12 hours .
the viva las vegas rockabilly weekend is an annual four-day music festival that takes place over easter .     it also puts on north america 's biggest pre-1960 's era car show .     an estimated 20,000 attendees flock to the orleans hotel and casino for the event each year .
footage shows the seven-day-old foal nuzzling sunny bayne 's shoulder before pushing her to the ground and lying on top of her belly .     the young rider from kentucky ca n't stop smiling at the animal 's antics .     to date the clip of bayne has received thousands of hits online .
matt phillips gave qpr a seventh-minute lead in the crunch clash at villa park .     but that lead only lasted three minutes , with christian benteke equalising for the hosts .     benteke then added a second after 33 minutes to nudge villa ahead in the relegation scrap .     clint hill was the unlikely man to level the scores after the break for chris ramsey 's side .     charlie austin looked to have scored a late winner in an entertaining game on tuesday night .     but benteke completed his hat-trick to earn a share of the spoils on 83 minutes .
ellie grant , 22 , was appearing on the show to discuss her condition .     but in the middle of the pre-recorded interview , miss grant suddenly suffered a tic - and blurted out ` silver fox ' at phillip , 53 .     ` silver fox ' is the nickname of the father-of-two , who smiled , but looked bemused and slightly embarrassed at the remark .     amused viewers took to twitter to say how much they enjoyed the clip .
ivan novoseltsev proposed after his side 's win against torpedo moscow .     katerina keyru , who plays basketball for a living , said yes on the pitch .     novoseltsev 's fc rostov team-mates were on hand to congratulate him .     fc rostov have won four games in a row to move up to 10th in the table .
comments made by dr dejan stojkovic from the university of buffalo .     he says clues to contents lie in interactions between particles emitted .     quantum mechanics states that information is always conserved .     it backs up stephen hawking 's theory that black holes are ` grey '
the duke of edinburgh has been presented with his australian knighthood .     the queen gave him the insignia of a knight of the order of australia .     the citation said that the duke ` has served australia with distinction '     tony abbott 's decision to award him with the honour was controversial .     he was criticised by members of his government as well as the public .
courtney lawes has been derided as a thug across the channel .     france tried to get him banned for brutal tackle on jules plisson .     northampton take on clermont auvergne in the champions cup .
this is the final week of our major good health series on dementia .     we turn our attention to carers and what can be done to make life easier .     in england there are more than 670,000 unpaid carers helping someone .     we explain what to if they become anxious as the light starts to fade .     bed and getting-up times .     when to take medication .     meal times .     shopping days .     leisure time such as tv , radio or social times .     before you start talking always engage eye contact to help get the person with dementia to focus on you . there can be a tendency for them to look away and this makes it harder for them to concentrate on the conversation .     be careful about asking questions they may be unable to process . for example , if they 're upset do n't ask what 's wrong as they may not know , or are unable to put it into words . instead , tell them : ` you seem to be upset ; let 's think how we can make you feel better . '     finishing sentences for them can increase frustration . it 's better to ask if they 'd like you to find words for them if they 're having difficulty .     watch their body language as this can give you clues about how they are feeling . for example , repetitive movements can mean they are anxious or scared , while withdrawing may mean they feel overwhelmed .     if they 're doing something obviously wrong , for example putting dishes in the washing machine or clothes in a food cupboard , do n't ask them why or castigate them - the reasoning side of their brain has been affected and pointing out their mistakes will only cause them embarrassment and frustration .
manny pacquiao made his arrival at the mandalay bay hotel in las vegas .     the filipino takes on floyd mayweather at the mgm grand on saturday .     the fight will be the richest of all time , grossing more than $ 300million .     pacquiao is confident he can end mayweather 's unbeaten record .
saudi officials say 500 houthi rebels killed , but signs of progress appear scant .     civilian casualties continue to mount .     u.n. security council favors houthi arms embargo .
kamron taylor was waiting to be sentenced for the 2013 murder of nelson williams jr , 21 .     recaptured on friday with loaded gun in chicago after police tip-off .     he fled illinois prison on wednesday after being guard unconscious .     was seen on cctv wearing guard 's uniform and driving his suv .     fears he was hunting down victims family after shouting threat in court .     he is now in custody on weapons charges .
maths problem set for 14-year-olds left people around the world baffled .     question uses logical reasoning to rule out all of the dates apart from one .     it was set in the singapore and asian schools maths olympiads -lrb- sasmo -rrb- .     teaser generated furious online debate - but correct answer was july 16 .
nauseating footage captured on phone and uploaded to youtube in the us .     teacher tries to give lesson by showing effect of an axe on a cinder block , but misjudges swing , bringing tool directly into fellow teacher 's groin .     the victim appears to be ok and stands up and dusts himself off moments after being hit .
cosmetic dermatologist to the stars fredric brandt was found dead at his coconut grove home in miami on sunday , aged 65 .     ripa tweeted : ` my heart is breaking for the loss of dr. fredric brandt . my friend . you will be missed forever and in my heart even longer '     on live with kelly & michael the 44-year-old said , ` he was a great man '
the cat was trapped behind the wall at mohamed naguib metro station .     he survived thanks to a man uncle abdo , who owns a shop outside station .     uncle abdo gave biso water and fed him scraps through hole every day .     thanks to a social media campaign , biso the cat is now finally free .
brenna happy cloud of salem , oregon , has accused facebook of discrimination after her account was suspended .     the native american woman has been forced to use a different surname in order to regain access to her list of over 1,000 online friends .     ` other people can use their nicknames , inappropriate names , but i ca n't use my real name , ' she said .     happy cloud believes her native american heritage has been undermined by facebook 's discriminatory policies .
flight 448 had just taken off monday when the pilot heard banging from beneath .     la-bound plane was forced to return to seattle for emergency landing .     worker dialed 911 asking dispatcher to call someone and stop the plane .     he later emerged calm but was taken to hospital as a precaution .     cargo hold was pressurized and temperature controlled , so the man was not in danger .
andy murray is getting married to kim sears in dunblane on saturday .     british no 1 looked a little apprehensive at the wedding rehearsal .     former wimbledon champion is set to jet off after the wedding to take a look at prospective new assistant coach jonas bjorkman .
sarah ivens , 39 , tries the ` furrow smoother ' , ` lip lift ' and ` nose transformer '     exercises prescribed by carole maggio , the la-based creator of facercise .     mother-of-two noticed her lips were fuller after two weeks of exercises .     experienced muscle burn and soreness during and after the moves .
former first lady told white house usher she wanted to see him alone .     new book makes claims she spent hours reading and looking ` heartbroken '     president bill clinton admitted to affair with monica lewinsky that year .     account is by former white house correspondent for bloomberg news .
recent patent filing shows plans for an ` upright ' sleeping support system .     encased in a backpack , the cushions allow the passenger to lean forward .     a breathing hole in the face pillow ensures extra customer comfort .     boeing says : ` we are n't providing any further information or comment '
muhanad mahmoud al farekh was deported from pakistan to the united states .     the u.s. citizen is accused of conspiring to provide material support to terrorists .
the mistley thorn in essex is set in the heart of a historic coastal village .     built as a coaching inn circa 1723 , the hotel offers award-winning dining .     it has 11 bedrooms - four with panoramic views along the stour estuary .
hospital admissions for allergies rose by 8 per cent between 2013 and 2014 .     around 21million britons have some kind of allergy , such as hayfever .     but more than two thirds would not know what to do if they saw someone having an allergic reaction .
it has been revealed the government began secretly tracking phone calls under a program created for the drug enforcement agency in 1992 .     the program forced phone companies to hand over all communication on a daily basis between any americans calling any 116 watch list countries .     the data collected included phone numbers and time calls were made , though actual content was not included .     the program was approved by every administration beginning with president george h.w.bush .     it was only shut down in september 2013 , this after attorney general eric holder became nervous in the wake of the edward snowden leaks .     the program also served as a blueprint for the national security agency .
curt almond , from bristol , spent # 40 per week on new calvin klein boxers .     during a year-long addiction , mr almond forked out # 2,000 on 365 pairs .     he threw them away after one wear so he could enjoy ` crisp pair ' each day .     mr almond , 26 , forced to curb habit after craze almost landed him in debt .
floyd mayweather and manny pacquiao came close to a fight in 2010 .     the pair will finally meet in at the mgm grand in las vegas on may 2 .     trainer freddie roach believes mayweather is slower than he used to be .     pacquiao will attack mayweather and knock him out , according to roach .     watch here : mayweather vs pacquiao official advert released .     amir khan : mayweather and pacquiao have n't even heard of kell brook .     click here for the latest mayweather vs pacquiao news .
ali maffucci , 28 , wanted to slim down for an upcoming photoshoot .     she replaced pasta , rice and potatoes with spiralized vegetables .     along with exercise , she managed to lose 11kg -lrb- 24lbs -rrb- in three months .     says spiralized food is ` delicious ' and she has more energy than before .
for the first time after worldwide speculation , bruce jenner confirmed to diane sawyer : ' i am a woman '     he once encapsulated what it meant to be an alpha male : olympic champion , muscle-clad , hairy .     told sawyer he was ' a confused person at that time ' during those olympic days .     he revealed all of his three wives , including kris jenner , knew he cross-dressed .
anna and indi have been surfing since they were about 10 weeks old .     their best result to date is a runners-up medal won by indi .     indi has been trained to lift her paw to ` hang five ' while surfing .
marla mccants , from nashville , tennessee , began rapidly gaining weight after her ex-boyfriend kidnapped her and held her hostage .     the 43-year-old travelled to houston , texas , to meet with weight loss expert dr younan nowzaradan , but faced death after a blood clot moved to her lungs .     the mother-of-three underwent gastric bypass surgery , but refused to get out of bed for weeks after the procedure .
andrew mogni , 20 , from glen ellyn , illinois , had only just arrived for a semester program when the incident happened in january .     he was flown back to chicago via air on march 20 but he died on sunday .     initial police reports indicated the fall was an accident but authorities are investigating the possibility that mogni was robbed .     his cousin claims he was attacked and thrown 40ft from a bridge .
millionaire andrew bush , 48 , found dead shot dead at costa del sol villa .     ex-girlfriend mayka kukucova , 24 , a slovakian model , accused of murder .     she went on run to home town nova bosaca before finally giving herself up .     kukucova 's parents forced to sell home to pay for her legal fees in spain .
ronny deila criticised the playing surface at st mirren park on friday .     deila believes most clubs in division would benefit from artificial surfaces .     norwegian boss believes pitches need to be more like those in england .     feels his side should be judged on their performance on poor pitches .
crown princess mary spent sunday on the farm with her children .     husband crown prince frederik was absent as was prince christian , nine .     spent the day out petting calves and inspecting a herd of cows .     event took place in the tiny village of kirke hyllinge in zealand .
trevor noah was in a relationship with south african beauty dani gabriel but the couple have split in recent months .     he took her around the world to be by his side on his tour last year .     it was even rumored in january that the madly in-love couple were engaged .     but gabriel , 28 , runs a physiotherapist practice in cape town and has family in the city meaning she will have been reluctant to relocate to america .     she still remains supportive of noah and ` could n't be prouder ' of him .
35-year-old donnell graham shot his wife , 33-year-old shaquana graham , at the quality inn in springettsbury township , police say .     he also shot 25-year-old kristopher pittman , who was staying in the same room , before turning the gun on himself .     a motel worker said at least one of the individuals checked into the motel around 3 a.m.
anne-louise van den nieuwenhof was diagnosed with cancer at age five .     she defied the odds given to her by doctors and became a nurse .     died tragically six days after giving birth to her second child on march 10 .     over $ 40,000 has been raised to help her husband ryan care for their kids .     anne-louise grew up in sydney but lived in canada with her family .
h.m. prasetyo praises firing squad that carried out bali pair 's executions .     andrew chan and myuran sukumaran were killed on wednesday morning .     ` these executions were carried out smoothly and in order , ' prasetyo says .     hundreds take to social media to urging people to #boycottindonesia .     tony abbott will withdraw australia 's ambassador to indonesia .     indonesia 's ag dismissed the move as a ` momentary reaction '     chan and sukumaran were executed 12:25 am local time .     julie bishop has n't ruled out cutting australian aid to indonesia in protest .
we are handsome designers jeremy and katinka somers chose real-life fitness influencers above models .     lindy klim , amanda bisk , juliette burnett , kate kendall and sjana earp were among the athletic stars .     klim told daily mail australia that she exercises two hours a day in bali ... but barely makes it to the gym in oz .
hashim amla will join derbyshire on short-term deal to play five matches .     amla will play three t20 blast and two county championship matches .     south africa test captain 's first match will be against northamptonshire .
conservative and labour parties to get near identical number of votes .     poll puts tories at 31.8 per cent of the vote and labour at 31.7 per cent .     lib dems are expected to get 13.5 per cent and ukip 12.7 per cent .
the ecb were expected to appoint a former england captain for the role .     the job description for the new cricket role has yet to be fixed .     sport recruitment international expected to suggest overseas candidates .
cnn 's nima elbagir describes the boat journey from djbouti to aden .     vessel returned with 60 refugees desperate to flee fighting in yemen .
mother and autistic son to be deported to philippines within 28 days .     maria sevilla and her son , tyrone , have lived in australia since 2007 .     appeal rejected because son 's autism could be a burden on government .     their family is in queensland , sevilla is a nurse at townsville hospital .     queensland disabilities minister says decision is ` cold and heartless '     immigration department says child does not meet visa health requirements .
susan farmer , from eddy , texas , weighs 43st -lrb- 605lbs -rrb- .     the 37 year old is told to lose half her body weight or face an early grave .     she achieves it over 12 months after her mother stops buying her junk food .
dr ros altmann will be announced as a new conservative peer today .     she will be appointed minister for consumer protection if tories win in may .     former treasury adviser will oversee the government 's pension reforms .
the april lunar eclipse is set to turn the moon into blood red this easter weekend .     the sydney observatory has been concerned over the bad weather forecast for the big night .     adelaide will be have the clearest skies out of all the states , according to the bureau of meteorology .     a lunar eclipse occurs when the moon passes in the shadow of earth .
the actress , 29 , says she had to pay out of pocket for her 2007 abortion because she could n't tell her mother .     jemima says she was only able to afford the procedure by forgoing anesthesia , which would have made it more expensive .     in the center for reproductive rights video , the star says she worries about the obstacles her young daughters may face in the future .
ernest hemingway credited for potent absinthe-champagne cocktail .     the zombie has three types of rum , pernod , grenadine and a secret mix .     bone dry martini is 100 per cent alcohol and also known as pass the bottle .
suchet , 71 , said his marriage to his bonnie had been ` made in heaven '     had been open about bonnie 's dementia and even wrote a book about it .     she died ` peacefully ' on april 15 , according to a notice in a newspaper .
actress said she hit the culture at a time that was worse than the 40s or 50s .     said revelations about celebrities from that era did not come as a surprise .     stars in new film , woman in gold , alongside ryan reynolds .
whalen family 's dinner at kfc was interrupted by sounds of a sex scene .     gerald and april were with two young children at the oklahoma restaurant .     scene from risque show outlander was broadcast on kfc 's television set .
prosecutors get investigative report a day early , but do n't expect immediate word on charges .     attorney general : we 're continuing `` careful and deliberate examination of the facts ''     gray family was told `` answers were not going to come quickly , '' and that 's fine , attorney says .
dion dublin has been signed up to present homes under the hammer .     former footballer made his presenting debut on monday morning .     45-year-old helped renovate three bedroom house in dartford .     dublin played for manchester united , coventry city and aston villa .
atletico madrid and real madrid draw 0-0 at vicente calderon .     jan oblak was excellent in goal for atletico to keep real at bay .     gareth bale had a huge chance to score an away goal for real .     raphael varane was real madrid 's best player in defence .     karim benzema 's struggles against atletico madrid continued .
95-year-old peter weber jr. is the oldest active pilot , according to guinness world records .     the record was confirmed after weber proved he piloted a plane march 30 in placerville by mailing in multiple pieces of evidence .     weber 's flight experience goes back decades : he flew in both world war ii and the vietnam war , and also served as korean war flight instructor .     he has been married to his wife since 1943 and has a 70-year-old son .
denise chiffon berry , 44 , was driving in hawthorne , california with her unidentified 12-year-old son on wednesday .     around 12:30 pm , her son saw a man riding in a cadillac with his feet handing out the window and the two laughed at the scene .     when the cadillac began following their vehicle , ms berry pulled over to ask a police officer for help .     that 's when raymond washington , who was in the front passenger seat , got out of the cadillac and started shooting at ms berry and her son .     ms berry died at her scene while her son survived ; washington was shot dead by the police officer helping the mother and son .     washington , 38 , was a father-of-two and had a previous felony conviction .
amina ali qassim 's family sought shelter in a mosque before fleeing yemen .     thousands like them are boarding boats to sail to djibouti .     saudi arabia has been pounding yemen in a bid to defeat houthi rebels .
beverley davis stole # 9,164 from ray warren , 89 , over three month period .     the mother-of-three paid for chinese food , a creche and her mortgage .     portsmouth crown court heard mr warren died after the cash disappeared .     davis , 35 , will be released on licence after serving six months in jail .
man city bounced back from derby defeat with 2-0 win over west ham .     sergio aguero scored his 20th league goal of the season during victory .     jesus navas impressed on the right-hand side of city 's midfield .     manuel pellegrini 's side have moved to within one point of rivals united .
53-year-old presenter , known as dr fox , faces nine separate charges .     charges relating to children allegedly took place between 1991 and 1996 .     other three women were allegedly attacked by fox between 2003 and 2014 .     dj 's lawyers said he ` categorically denies each and every allegation '
u.s. military does n't have further information to evaluate the iraqi media reports .     al-douri 's body arrives in baghdad where dna samples are taken .     izzat ibrahim al-douri was the highest-ranking member of iraqi president saddam hussein 's regime to evade capture .
dan swangard , a physician , wants to be able to control when and how his life ends .     a recent survey reveals 54 percent of american doctors support assisted suicide .
dave heeley , 57 , completed the 156-mile marathon des sables on friday .     the father-of-three known as ` blind dave ' is the first blind man to do so .     he previously finished the seven magnificent marathons challenge in 2008 .
jemma gawned was on australia 's first season of reality show big brother .     now runs a raw food empire called naked treaties based in byron bay .     insists secret to her success ` spreading the vibration of love through food '     the 40-year-old tried for ten years to get jemma cosmetics off the ground .     she described that experience as an ` apprenticeship ' for current business .
roseanne barr told the daily beast that she is slowly going blind .     barr said she has macular degeneration and glaucoma .
margaret gretton , 46 , has been barred indefinitely from the profession .     she was headteacher of burton joyce primary school in nottingham .     she talked of ` bombs and blowing up the school ' in an asian accent .     disciplinary panel concluded she ` exhibited clear intolerance on the grounds of race , as well as disability '
raffle raised # 1,388,863 for dorset-based charity julia 's house .     winner to join ironman actor for marvel 's avengers : age of ultron premiere .     charity will use cash to build a new hospice in wiltshire .
jodie barden 's daughters ella , 8 and chloe , 1 , have cockayne syndrome .     this rare genetic disorder means they are unlikely to live to be teenagers .     mrs barden , 28 , has faced heartbreak of planning her daughter 's funerals .     family is now trying to make the most of the remaining time they have .
mourners gathered outside st peter 's to pay tribute to nine-year-old chloe .     schoolgirl was snatched in front of her mother by zbigniew huminsk , 38 .     she was raped and murdered and her body discovered in a migrant camp .
cloud nine ridden by leighton aspell won the grand national at aintree .     ap mccoy finished fifth on shutthefrontdoor in his final ever national .     aspell has won two years running after 2014 success on pineau de re .     saint are finished second while monbeg dude made up the top three .     aspell said mccoy is as good in defeat as he is when he is winning .
kendall , 19 , helps gigi learn how to deal with negative feedback .     gigi , 19 , says kendall has a really good sense of when to stand up .     kendall has been bullied on instagram by fellow models .
dash-cam footage captures 36 screaming 7th graders on board .     dodge durango can be seen hitting another suv then hurtling toward bus .     police said the driver , a 44-year-old man , has a history of seizures .     five pupils were hospitalized , 11 treated at the scene on monday at 8am .     suv driver is in serious condition in hospital .
marine le pen accused father jean-marie of committing ` political suicide '     comes after he called france 's prime minister manuel valls ` the immigrant '     he also defended comment that nazi gas chambers were ` detail of history '     le pen said she would oppose her father 's bid to lead the national front .
the video app launched last thursday , but early adapters have already discovered potentially hair-raising issues with the technology .     app developer justin esgar told daily mail online that periscope present numerous dangers to children .     he warned that parents will have to ` try and control ' the various ` land mines ' present within the app 's system .
nasa scientists in california have released an image of distant giant cluster of 3,000 stars called westerlund 2 .     massive stars are seen feeding regions of dust and gas in the image , sparking new star formation .     the image was released to mark the hubble space telescope 's 25th anniversary tomorrow .     it was launched on 24 april 1990 and , after a shaky start , has had a hugely successful career .
a circus worker was seen walking a lion around a village like a dog .     the animal was seen being pulled by a makeshift leash in namtsy , siberia .     it savaged a nine-year-old girl in the village , on her way home from lessons .     girl is in hospital and the extent of her injuries from the attack not known .
joel wilkinson , 3 , has duchenne muscular dystrophy - a disease that will cause his muscles to slowly waste away , leaving him unable to walk .     he will eventually need a wheelchair and has a life expectancy of just 20 .     his sister phoebe , 5 , adores him and looks after him at home and school .     family are now trying to make his short life is as full of joy as possible .
doug hughes landed a gyrocopter on the us capitol lawn on wednesday .     charged with multiple offenses and is under house arrest until court date .     he spent two years planning stunt to protest campaign-finance laws .     will appear in court on may 8 and is facing up to four years in prison .     hughes thought he 'd make it after leaving gettysburg , pennsylvania .
nigel farage says refugees into europe could lead to influx of extremists .     ukip leader says it could provide a cover for jihadis wanting to do harm .     he will make comments in a debate at the european parliament today .
tiger woods , 39 , enjoyed some quality family time on the golf course at augusta on tuesday .     the 14-time major winner was joined by his children sam , 8 , and charlie , 6 , as well as longterm girlfriend lindsey vonn , 30 .     the former world no 1 needs all the support he can get after dropping out of the world 's top 100 rankings for the first time since september 1996 .     woods is making his latest atttempt at a comeback at the masters after his dramatic fall from grace following scandal over his countless infidelities .
kamron t. taylor was recently convicted of murdering nelson williams jr , 21 , in june 2013 .     victim 's father , nelson williams sr , 48 , says he is afraid taylor might ambush him .     he beat a guard unconscious , stole his keys and uniform , and fled in his suv .     taylor was awaiting sentencing at jerome combs detention center in kankakee , illinois , when he escaped early wednesday .     the 23-year-old fugitive is wanted for aggravated battery to a correctional officer as well as escape .     cash reward for any information has been increased to $ 7,500 .
the rodrigo de freitas lagoon will hold the 2016 olympic rowing races .     currently , the lake is filled with thousands of dead twaite shad fish .     rio 's waterways are choked with raw sewage and rubbish , and concerns have been raised over health and safety ahead of the olympics .     officials say the deaths are due to a plummet in the water temperature .
health apps such as myfitnesspal ` fuel anxiety ' says senior gp .     dr des spence calls the health apps ` untested and unscientific '     defenders of apps say they are ` encouraging healthy behaviour '
choc on choc 's chocolates come in three different flavours .     the face of each politician is emblazoned on milk belgium chocolate bars .     cameron 's has blueberries , clegg is honeycomb and miliband is raspberry .
floyd mayweather will fight manny pacquiao on may 2 at mgm grand .     tickets were officially sold for as much as $ 10,000 .     read : fans get their hands on mayweather vs pacquiao tickets .     mayweather vs pacquiao by numbers : from tickets to betting odds .     click here for the latest mayweather vs pacquiao news .
conservationist edwin sabuhoro founded a cultural village in rwanda .     the village provides work for poachers and unemployed youth .
fiona fought off an intruder after finding him standing over her daughter .     she was alerted to the break in after she heard him cut the fly screen .     fiona pushed the man down the hallway and out her front door .     she bashed her head on the doorway , leaving her with a black eye .     police say there have been a spike in break in 's around como .     the unidentified man is still at large .
british monarchy 's 1,000-year history has seen 34 kings and just 6 queens on the throne .     victoria arbiter argues the royal family needs a baby girl to fill the female void of future generations .
experience wartime britain with an ice cream and a lindy hop .     or take part in one of the oldest competitive sporting events in the uk .     the brighton art festival will display the best of quirkiness .
supermodel gearing up for her fourth marathon in london this month .     almost died having her daughter and now wants to help other mums .     christy , 46 , set up every mother counts to help women around the world .
shinto kanamara matsuri started as a small tradition but has grown into a popular tourist attraction .     known as the festival of the steel phallus , participants pray to a god of fertility and protection from infections .     rainy weather did n't ruin the mood at this year 's festival , which attracted a large crowd of holidaymakers .
she was allegedly attacked after leaving her house to relieve herself .     the attack is said to have taken place in india 's uttar pradesh region .     victim suffered 70 per cent burns after dousing herself in kerosene .     her brother apparently saw her covered in flames and threw water on her .
ap mccoy claimed his first win of this year 's grand national on thursday .     his ride , jezki , won after ruby walsh 's arctic fire fell at final hurdle .     both walsh and arctic fire escaped without serious injury from the fall .     it is second time in month that walsh has fallen after annie power tumble .
anthony ray hinton goes free friday , decades after conviction for two murders .     court ordered new trial in 2014 , years after gun experts testified on his behalf .     prosecution moved to dismiss charges this year .
ford vox : florida law keeps doctors from talking gun safety with patients ; arizona law forces doctors to promote disputed abortion claim .     he says doctor organizations are failing to defend medical profession against politically motivated interference by clueless lawmakers .
researchers at the university of washington studied so-called telerobots .     they found robots designed for surgery could be hacked and manipulated .     this is because robots being tested were operated over public networks .     it allowed the researchers to access them and stop them working .
unison member said tired staff have ` detrimental effect on patient care '     jane smith likened longer working hours for nhs staff to ` slave labour '     called for more research to examine the impact on workers ' health .
haley mulholland still lives in bristol home with partner kevin .     mother-of-eight refuses to share bed with ex who is forced to sleep on sofa .     discovered facebook messages which revealed secret relationship .     went on jeremy kyle show where test revealed infidelity .     says while she does n't want him , she wo n't let another have him either .
the game was available to download as an app from amazon and android .     its designers sold it as ` an amusing game ' to help people with anorexia .     failure to feed the girl results in the character losing weight and dying .     social media users claim the game stigmatises people with problems .
female juror : `` everyone 's life changed because of this ''     the jurors said they did n't learn of the other charges against hernandez until after the verdict .     for these jurors , the system worked : it 's `` designed to be fair to both sides ''
dashem tesfamichael , 30 , filmed dancing outside cell at coldingley prison .     he was jailed for life after stabbing olu olagbaju with a champagne bottle .     footage shows stash of drink and snacks and was shared on whatsapp .     prison officers said to turn blind eye to the partying in december , last year .
arnold breitenbach of st. george , utah , wanted to get ` cib-69 ' put on a license plate .     that would have commemorated both breitenbach getting the purple heart in 1969 and his combat infantryman 's badge .     the utah dmv denied his request , citing state regulations prohibiting the use of the number 69 because of its sexual connotations .
climate sceptic group global warming policy foundation launch inquiry .     panel drawn from leading universities includes experts with differing views .     will look at whether ` adjustments ' made to records cancel each other out .     says it hopes people from all areas of climate change will help the panel .
worldwide , 42 million children under the age of 5 are overweight or obese .     british heart foundation survey shows two thirds of parents feel badgered by their children each week to buy junk food after seeing it advertised .     weight loss expert dr sally norton backed calls for ban on tv ads .     and criticised coca cola 's sponsorship of the london eye attraction .
alfie taken when burglars raided kirsty mitton 's home in west midlands .     later ran out in front of inspector 's car 112 miles away in gerrards cross .     he leapt inside after inspector opened door and his chip revealed identity .     owner says safe return of seven-year-old dog has left her ` over the moon '
sherrilyn ifill : police violence against unarmed african-americans is a national crisis .     u.s. policing needs dramatic overhaul , she says .
clinton claimed wednesday in iowa that ` all my grandparents came over here ' as immigrants .     she said last year that one of her grandmothers immigrated to pennsylvania and worked in a silk mill .     but buzzfeed found american census records showing that only one clinton grandfather , adn neither of their wives , was born outside the us .     clinton apparently shaded the truth to seem more authentic with her argument that illegal immigrants should have more legal access to jobs .
tiger woods put on another show of affection at augusta national .     the 14-time major champion was once infamous for his prickly nature .     but the former world no 1 appears to have turned over a new leaf .     woods was captured on camera dancing to music while practising .     click here for our 2015 masters betting tips and odds .
this week a recording of sandra bullock calling 911 was released .     it was made in 2014 when the actress discovered stalker joshua corbett in her house .     corbett was carrying a note addressed to the actress describing her as ` hot ' , ` taut ' and ` lithe '     other celebrities to have experienced stalkers , including justin bieber , kim kardashian and gwyneth paltrow .
star formerly known as frank is one of the party 's most famous backers .     said ukip supporters should vote tory to keep miliband and sturgeon out .     warned ukip has not done enough to ` weed out the bad ' party members .
isis has seized control of large parts of the yarmouk palestinian refugee camp in syria .     an estimated 18,000 refugees are trapped between militant groups and regime forces .     u.n. : `` in the horror that is syria , the yarmouk refugee camp is the deepest circle of hell ''
stephen curry 's 40 points included a 3-pointer in the final seconds .     curry 's performance propelled golden state warriors to 123-119 win .     golden state now lead their first round play-off series 3-0 .
jason lee , 38 , was arrested in august 2013 after a woman accused him of attacking her at the home he and his wife rented in east hampton .     lee invited the woman , her brother and friends back to the house after they met at trendy restaurant .     he allegedly forced his way into the bathroom while the girl was inside , then undressed and pinned her to the floor .     he was found by police allegedly hiding in a car with tinted windows in his driveway .     lee walked hand in hand into court with his wife for trial on wednesday .
several january signings have failed to impress in the premier league .     chelsea winger juan cuardrado has barely played since fiorentina move .     wilfried bony has scored one goal after leaving swansea for man city .     qpr tried to send mauro zarate back to west ham before he flopped .     callum mcmanaman has failed to show his wigan form at west brom .     benfica 's filip djuricic has struggled with injuries at southampton .
evan summerfield had just learned to laugh and giggle when he fell ill .     developed a large rash and was rushed to hospital with meningitis .     doctors battled to save the four-month-old but he died in hospital in devon .     death has left parents shannon and kris confused over how quickly he fell ill .
hospital gowns have gotten a face-lift with help from fashion designers such as diane von furstenberg .     what patients wear needs to be comfortable yet allow health professionals access during exams .     patient satisfaction is linked to the size of medicare payments hospitals get .
the maps , compiled by us geological survey , include image mosaics and topographical views of the moon .     they show features such as ` ocean of storms ' and mare orientale captured by lunar reconnaissance orbiter .     to create the maps , researchers used more than 6.5 billion measurements collected between 2009 and 2013 .
the ohio woman revealed on reddit that her unborn daughter 's dangerous condition would have left her unable to live outside the womb .     potential complications from the pregnancy put the anonymous mother 's life in danger .     she and her catholic husband had to get special approval for a doctor at catholic hospital to perform the procedure .     though she is still grieving over the loss of the child she named gwendolyn renee , she ` does n't regret ' her decision .
denise and glen higgs thought they 'd never have children .     he was made infertile due to cancer treatment , but they tried ivf .     couple from of braunton , devon , had mazy , born three years ago .     tried again using the same batch and had twins carter & carson last week .
sabrina schaeffer : tuesday is equal pay day , a fictitious holiday marked by progressive women .     she says the wage gap between men and women is grossly overstated .
dashcam footage shows the officers using their patrol vehicles to steer the one ton bison off the road and back to his farm near the city of round rock .     as they beep their horns the animal , named big boy , continues to run along the sidewalk .     however , at one point he veers in front of the police car and on to the other side of the road .     despite the detour , the buffalo made it home safely free of injury .
sketch mocked network 's coverage of air disaster and other major stories .     brooke baldwin stand-in admitted network had no actual footage of news .     instead played awful 80s cgi recreation of inside of doomed passenger jet .     illustrated iran nuclear talks with puppets , and danced out controversial indiana religious freedom law with don lemon chiming in .     audience - including a cnn producer - tweeted their amusement .
candice swanepoel , elsa hosk and jasmine tookes promote underwear .     candice leads her fellow models through an energetic routine in the video .     models carry new victoria 's secret umbrellas , which shoppers can get free .
motiongate dubai will open in october , 2016 with themed zones .     guests can enjoy rides and gift shops based on the billion dollar franchise .     there will also be live performances based on step up movies .     the dubai theme park will be four million square foot in size .
tsa received more than 30,000 claims of missing valuables between 2010-2014 .     most of the missing valuables were packed in checked luggage .     miami-dade police set up hidden cameras as part of sting .
fukushima nuclear power plant went into meltdown in the 2011 disaster .     three reactors blew up after tsunami causing 300,000 to be evacuated .     a robot was sent into one of the nuclear reactors to inspect melted fuel .     but it stalled within three hours of the mission and has to be abandoned .
how does isis govern ?     robert downey jr. is n't the only celebrity to walk out of an interview .
darwin body builder phil primmer died on thursday after collapsing .     he 'd just returned from doctor 's appointment to try and treat a sore neck .     phil was a celebrated competitor winning the 2012 and 2013 national amateur body building association 's southern hemisphere championship .     his son shannan posted a heartfelt tribute on his father 's facebook page .
tech heads say the new apple watch could be ' a waste of money '     low battery life , no gps and lack of water-proofing are among its turn-offs .     apple watch 1 will be released on friday but they say you might be better off waiting until next year for version two .     apple watches range in price from $ 499 up to the most expensive at $ 24,000 .
espn reporter britt mchenry was filmed berating tow clerk gina michelle .     her car had been towed from a chinese diner in arlington , va , on april 6 .     enraged , she insulted mother-of-three michelle 's looks , education and job .     ` lose some weight , baby girl , ' mchenry told the worker in the video .     however , her blog tells women to ` be comfortable in their own skin '     mchenry apologized on thursday after security footage surfaced online .     advanced towing co insists there are no hard feelings towards mchenry .     footage released online is believed to have been edited by the tow firm .
man united beat man city 1-0 in saturday 's under 18 encounter .     callum gribbin scored the winning goal at moss lane , altrincham .     the result leaves united two points behind leaders middlesbrough .     the ` real ' manchester derby takes place at old trafford on sunday .
michelle obama strutted her stuff on the tv show thursday night .     the 51-year-old pulled embarrassing ` mom moves ' alongside fallon .     she was promoting her ` let 's move ! ' initiative .     obama will perform a dance routine during annual easter egg roll on april 5 .     tradition dates back to 1878 and sees local children visit white house .
swedish scientists analysed more than 10,000 families in the study .     58 children with diabetes had also been badly affected by previous events .     other factors include viral infection , diet and early weight gain .
parts of nsw are being hit with the worst weather in half a decade .     social media users have taken to snapchat to share their adventures .     some are boogie boarding down floodwaters after beaches were closed .     others decided to try their hand at windsurfing on a skateboard .
kevin gill , 45 , found an injured gator and took it to his home in naples , florida for his son to nurse back to health .     but when officers were serving a search warrant on the family 's home for an unrelated issue , they found the gator and arrested gill .     anyone who wants to own an alligator in florida must complete 1,000 hours of training - regardless of the reptile 's size .
mchenry , 28 , berated single mother gina michelle for towing her car .     she insulted her looks and social status in footage that went viral .     espn suspended the sports reporter for a week amid investigation .     but despite thousands of calls for her to be fired , she returns this week .
two 21-year-olds and a 25 and 22-year-old collapsed on the vessel on good friday .     they were rushed to st vincent 's hospital in a critical condition but are now stable .     on friday afternoon , about 800 partygoers poured off the bella vista boat after the party came to an end .     the boat , which was hosting a ` dirty funken beats ' party , left king street wharf at noon .     police say they discovered cocaine , marijuana and mdma before the boat left the wharf .
pit crew member todd phillips was hit by a car on sunday during the inaugural indycar grand prix of louisiana .     he was injuried when he was struck by the car of francesco dracone , who had come in on lap 25 for tires and fuel .     phillips received stitches for a cut on his leg and has been released .     dracone did not finish the race and wound up 23rd .
iona costello , 51 , and daughter emily went missing on march 30 .     were heading into manhattan to visit the theater when they disappeared .     recognized by someone at the new york hotel they were staying in .     nypd officers picked them up at 3am and said they 're in good health .
facinet keita , 31 , represented guinea in men 's +100 kg judo but lost bout .     he claims he was told he 'd be murdered for disgracing country on return .     after games he fled to bradford but was detained in an immigration centre .     released to be deported but is refusing to leave in fear he 'd be killed .
survey finds women rule out five photos before posting a selfie online .     two in three women anxious about having their photo taken , onepoll found .     itv show launching campaign to get people to share their first selfie online .
swiss researchers carried out an experiment to make artificial ` ghosts '     the sensation was re-created by researchers using a robot to interfere with the sensory signals in the brains of blindfolded volunteers .
latika bourke was born in india and adopted by an australian couple .     her parents had two kids , adopted three then had another three naturally .     she grew up in bathurst in nsw and had a very happy childhood .     latika showed no interest in her heritage until she watched the movie slumdog millionaire where a girl had the same name as her .     instantly besotted with her home country she has been every since 2012 .     now 31 , she hopes to live in india one day and tell their stories .
freddie gray , who is black , asked for medical help but was denied during 30-minute police car ride , eventually paramedics were called .     deputy police commissioner kevin davis conceded their failure .     but chief commissioner refuses to resign over the death .     six officers are suspended without pay during an investigation .
australian researchers have tested their drone running companion .     called joggobot it is designed to float in front of jogger when they run .     technology could allow it to track the speed and direction of the runner .     and it could be used for other sports like cycling and rowing .
jake boys , 19 , booked tickets for trip with emily-victoria canham , 18 .     but blunder saw video blogger mr boys organise flights to dublin .     now planning train trip to cardiff and admits he ` could see the problem '
visited spartia in the south of kefalonia and then fiscardo , in the north .     first , from villa hephaestus , could see lourdas bay and zakynthos island .     charming local , family-run eateries were found throughout the island .     nightlife is virtually non-existent , so spent energy exploring during the day .     fiscardo , once a remote fishing port , is now a world-class yachting centre .
90 per cent of bets on the royal baby 's sex have been on a girl .     one scottish punter in edinburgh placed a bet of # 2,000 yesterday .     favourite potential birth dates include the 18th , 19th and 20th april .     the duchess of cambridge 's official due date is the 25th april .     popular names include alice , victoria , arthur and james .
pat ingles , 69 , from edinburgh , loves to wear high heels and party .     dresses up in risque outfits and heels and has pole dancing lessons .     cared for her husband before he died and is focusing on herself now .     her granddaughter , 20 , thinks her nana is ` cool '
the business mogul was speaking to dailymail.com ceo jon steinberg .     he insisted it 's time that colleges cut out expensive middle management .     with his wife suzy welch he is dedicated to changing business education .
jim jepps used site to describe paedophiles as ` complex human beings '     couple met in 2010 after she contacted him to complain about a blogpost .     defended ` rape fantasies ' and discussed teachers having affairs with pupils .     bennett distances herself from ` private individual not involved in politics '
event will be held at tesla 's california studio on april 30 at 8pm pt .     battery is likely to build on the packs used in tesla 's electric cars .     while similar products already exist , elon musk has said they ` suck '     toyota already uses a fuel cell in its mirai car that can power a home .
british sprinter adam gemili blogs about his preparations for rio 2016 .     gemili says usain bolt is great at the circuit as he is often joking around .     admits bolt gives great advice and he will try to take that into this season .
george north knocked out after scoring against wasps on friday .     concussion was the wing 's third suffered in recent months .     north will sit out saturday 's champions cup clash on medical advice .     wasps no 8 nathan hughes been banned for three weeks for the incident .
the gargoyles , endless balconies and fountains can be yours to help carry on the eccentric torch of quirky indy celebrity jerry a. hostetler .     the current owner bought the home after hostetler 's 2006 death . he listed it for $ 2.2 m in february 2012 , $ 1.3 m in 2013 and now for less than a million .     the house is five garden-variety ranchers glued together to form a campus-o-fun complete with swimming pool , ballroom and guesthouse .
high temperatures are recorded on the northern tip of the antarctica peninsula .     the world meteorological organization will make the final determination .
yesterday the royal family led tributes to those who fought at gallipoli .     the day began in london with a dawn ceremony and service at whitehall .     the queen , the duke of edinburgh and prince william all attended .     prince charles and prince harry led the tributes in turkey , where they were joined by thousands of people and leaders from commonwealth nations .
nissan note mk1 was named the most uncomfortable car in the country .     hyundai i20 mk1 and fiat panda mk2 took second and third spots .     ten most comfortable cars include five by lexus , which also took top spot .
thierry fremaux , director of cannes , aims to make red carpet selfie-free .     said celebrities taking pictures of themselves slows entire event down .     mr fremaux then added : ` you never look as ugly as you do in a selfie '     stars featuring at 68th event include cate blanchett and michael caine .
` vampire girl ' prank video is spreading on social media in ukraine .     sees girl in full vampire make-up and nightgown , prey in a park .     she waits until concerned locals come up to her , before scaring them .
harry and charlie davies-carr starred in the clip some eight years ago .     in the video charlie bites his older brother 's finger .     the film was originally made to send to the pairs ' godfather in america .     it has since amassed 816million views on youtube .
cate mcgregor is a group captain in the royal australian air force .     she spent 40 years in the army , most of those under the name malcolm .     in 2012 , mcgregor stopped ` functioning ' as a man and lived as a woman .     she tried to resign from the office when her transformation became public .     her resignation was refused by former chief of army david morrison .     mcgregor believes mr abbott was n't given the credit he deserved for publicly embracing her and risking a wedge within his own party .     she addressed the national press club on wednesday as part of a women in media series .
what do funeral strippers , a quadruple rainbow and kylie jenner have in common ? they all trended this week !
family stay remarkably calm as birds fly around the room .     video maker says ` this is awful ' as they bounce off the walls .     he then contemplates how he is going to get rid of them .     the bizarre footage was recorded at the family home in texas .
eden hazard has been the best player in the premier league all season .     he has eked out wins for chelsea when they have not been at their best .     hazard finishing has steadily improved over the last 18 months .     the belgian star has scored 17 goals for the blues this season .     wayne rooney 's midfield role hindered his influence against chelsea .
celine bisette , from canada , became an escort when she was in college .     she wants to feel proud of her job , but complains that she is constantly battling the negative opinions of others .     the writer , who uses a pseudonym , has her master 's degree but explains that sex work pays more than jobs in her field of study .
elderly woman in induced medical coma after husband crashes into her .     distressed bystander describes woman as ` covered in blood '     couple were there to do their shopping at tesco express .     tesco worker held woman in her arms whilst waiting for ambulance .     driver breathalysed by police as precaution but no arrest has been made .
bec and bridge showcase bikinis as part of spring/summer16 at mbfwa .     designers becky cooper and bridget yorston showcase swim line .     the collection featured metallics , jewel tones and signature boho charm .     jecinta campbell , carissa walford , rebecca judd all sat front row .
aerial photographs taken above eastern lake superior show the freighters lined up across a frozen expanse .     the ships , carrying raw materials , are being hampered by slabs of ice as big as pick-up trucks , it 's been reported .     their ability to manoeuvre is extremely limited because the ice is able to penetrate their hulls .
a maths problem for 14-year-olds has baffled people across the world .     question uses logical reasoning and aims to sift out the most intelligent .     it was set in the singapore and asian schools maths olympiads -lrb- sasmo -rrb- .     teaser appeared as number 24 out of 25 questions to test students .
lydia ko shot her second straight over-par round in the ana inspiration .     new zealander ko shot a 2-over 74 on saturday in disappointing round .     ko made an 8-foot birdie putt on the par-5 hole to keep long streak going .     she has had at least one birdie in all 187 of her rounds in 49 career events .
jordan spieth won the masters at augusta in record fashion on sunday .     he was pictured at the top of the empire state building in his green jacket .     spieth spoke of the masters legacy and how missing out drove him on .
new tropical fruit to go on sale in the uk is cross between mango and plum .     the bouea macrophylla -- or mango plum - has been nicknamed the plango .     the fruit has a bright orange edible skin and a sweet taste and soft texture .
freedom act would replace patriot act when it expires on june 1 .     careful negotiations have brought it to a house vote but the senate is still uncertain .     senate majority leader mitch mcconnell has introduced a bill that would re-authorize the existing patriot act for 5 more years .     civil liberties activists are upset over mass-surveillance carried out by the nsa and exposed by leaker edward snowden .
belinda , 56 , from essex , had the budget facelift in turkey .     she was left with prominent scarring ` dragging down her earlobes '     need a full face and necklift and added surgery to correct botched op .
ap mccoy wins second feature race at grand national festival .     rides don cossack to victory in melling chase on friday .     set to ride favourite shutthefrontdoor at aintree on saturday .
the u.s. census bureau published 2014 childlessness rates on tuesday .     95.9 percent of women ages 15 to 19 were childless in 2014 , according to the findings . in 2012 , that number was 94.9 percent .     75.2 percent of women ages 20 to 24 percent were childless last year , researchers found , up from 71.4 percent .     49.6 percent of women 25 to 29 were childless in 2014 , as opposed to 49.4 percent in 2012 .
the taxpayer-funded temporary assistance for needy families program , currently provides payments of up to $ 497 per month for a family of four .     the list of do n'ts , included by the republican-dominated kansas legislature in a bill that gop gov. sam brownback planned to sign thursday , runs to several dozen items .     the number of cash assistance recipients in kansas has dropped 63per cent since brownback took office , to about 14,700 in february .     brownback said the decline confirms the success of his policies , but critics note that u.s. census bureau figures show the state 's child poverty rate remaining at about 19per cent through 2013 .
homes such as these in china are known as ` nail houses ' because they are difficult to remove , like a stubborn nail .     one house in wenling , zhejiang province , had a main road built around it when the owner refused to move .     another image shows a house sitting alone in a crater at the centre of a construction site in chongqing municipality .
man is a british national of polish origin , but has not yet been identified .     he was arrested on saturday as part of an operation against the dhkp-c .     banned leftist militant group took senior turkish prosecutor mehmet selim kiraz hostage in istanbul last week .     both kiraz and hostage takers were killed in the resulting police shoot-out .
rumours suggest apple will used 7000 series aluminium in the next iphone .     alloy is already used to make sports bikes and the apple watch sport .     would make next handset 60 per cent stronger than the iphone 6 's case .     just days after its launch the handset was shown to be easily bent .
yin yunfeng spent a week before returning to tibet cooking food .     the soldier filled the fridge with stir-fried dishes and 1,000 dumplings .     a variety of snacks have also been hidden in the house as daily surprises .     yin is stationed far from home and only gets to see his wife once a year .     the wife , named only as ms zhao , has been branded ` luckiest wife ' in china .
marleni olivo , 54 , hit venezuelan president nicolas maduro in the head with a mango .     in a national tv broadcast , maduro said he would grant her request for a new apartment .     she wanted to give him a note , she says , but had no paper , only a mango .
the depiction is so unflattering a facebook page called ` we love lucy ! get rid of this statue ' has attracted more than 600 likes .     it would cost an estimated $ 8,000 to $ 10,000 for the statue to be recast .     artist dave poulin has refused to comment on the controversy .
justin jackson allegedly pretended to be celebrity-linked characters .     accused of sending messages to get expensive swag , or get hired in hotels .     most brazen alleged scheme was in 2007 , when he ` made off with jewelry worth $ 2.4 million after saying he needed it for madonna photoshoot '     now being sued in florida federal court by love and oprah 's tv network .     jackson named alongside angel agarrat , another alleged fraudster .
luke shambrook , 11 , was found after he went missing on good friday .     the autistic boy was reunited with his rescuers in a melbourne hospital .     some members of his search and rescue team visited him on wednesday .     doctors are amazed at how well he is doing considering his four-day ordeal .     the boy was suffering from dehydration , hypothermia and exhaustion .     luke went missing in lake eildon national park - north-east of melbourne .
sources claimed he 'd go if lib dems are reduced to fewer than 30 mps .     but yesterday insisted he would fight for his job ` in all circumstances '     warned of ` very real risk we undo all the hard work over last five years '     vince cable hopes to be chancellor if lib dems form another coalition .
customers in all areas of the plane will be able to share one selfie shot on facebook .     mood lighting introduced throughout plane that is designed to help people with time zone differences .     full length bathroom mirror , again in all areas of the plane , can help you keep looking your best .
dimitri harrell , 21 , was arguing with samirria white , 19 , over his ` infidelity '     with three-month-old daughter in his arms , he apparently pulled out a gun .     he then shot his fiancée in the face at close range , killing her , officials said .     now , harrell has been charged with single count of second-degree murder .     he revealed to police he had stored the gun under his daughter 's mattress .     also claimed he shot victim accidentally while pulling weapon from pocket .     harrell caused ` trust issues ' after having two children with another woman .     in custody on $ 200,000 bail ; if convicted , faces up to 40 years behind bars .
a man is in a critical condition after a shark attack in south australia .     police said the man was attacked 350m offshore at fishery bay .     the man was rushed to hospital with life-threatening injuries .     the attack happened shortly before 10am on saturday .     witnesses claimed a great white shark has bitten off the man 's leg .     the shark victim has been airlifted to adelaide for further treatment .     south australia has been the site of numerous shark attacks .
when sonia morales was pregnant , her daughter angela was diagnosed with anencephaly .     it is a birth defect in which babies are born without parts of their brain and skull - many newborns with the condition die soon after birth .     angela celebrated her first birthday on march 23 .     the family are celebrating every day they have with angela .
facebook group wants lucille ball statue replaced with a new one .     mayor says he does not want to spend taxpayer money on fixing statue .
amy schumer pranked kim kardashian and kanye west at the time 100 gala on tuesday night .     the comedienne fell at the pair 's feet as they posted for photos on the red carpet .     the three were just a few of the big names who turned out for the annual event held at jazz at lincoln center in new york city .     other honorees who attended the event included diane von furstenberg , lorne michaels , laverne cox , and bradley cooper .     this year 's time 100 covers featured west , cooper , ballerina misty copeland , ruth bader ginsberg and journalist jorge ramos .
knight appeared at the cleveland rape crisis center 's faces of change luncheon on wednesday .     she received a standing ovation as the spoke to a crowd of 1,200 .     ' i want to overcome and flourish and rise above all that , ' she said of ordeal .     afterwards she revealed she is in a relationship and writing a second book .
jennie , 47 , and raymond kehlet , 49 , were last seen on march 22 .     their campsite and vehicles were found intact in remote wa bushland .     police have begun to search old mine shafts , some up to 20 metres deep .     search aircraft with infrared equipment have examined an area of 625 square kilometres , however no trace of the couple has been found .
spoiler alert : maid gives birth to baby on sunday 's episode .     only announced she was pregnant with poldark 's baby last week .
app created to remove posts that might cause problems with employers .     users can search for keywords such as ` gay ' , ` black ' or swear words and the software deletes any tweet that mentions them .     creator ethan czahor was fired from his job due to offensive tweets .     and he said he hopes ` clear ' app will ensure others do n't suffer same fate .
sepp blatter visited sochi on monday to see one of the 2018 host venues .     the fifa president also met with russia president vladimir putin .     blatter backed russia to host a successful tournament in 2018 .
cosmetic dermatologist to the stars fredric brandt died at his coconut grove home in miami on sunday , aged 65 .     the city of miami police department confirmed that dr brandt 's death was a suicide by hanging on monday .     the miami-dade county medical examiner department confirmed to daily mail online that an autopsy will be conducted on monday .     brandt was said to have been ` devastated ' over rumors comparing him to a character on the show , unbreakable kimmy schmidt .
nicola horlick , 54 , raised six children while working in the city .     she wants daughters alice , 26 , serena , 24 and antonia , 18 , to go through motherhood earlier .     fund manager says she felt a noticeable difference in her body between her first child at age 25 and her last at 38 .     adds ` ambitious and intelligent ' women should n't be stay-at-home mothers .
four manchester city stars pull on the gloves for spring derby showdown .     no manchester united players chose to take such drastic measures .     united defeated city 4-2 at old trafford despite going a goal down early on .
barcelona president josep bartomeu says the club are happy with enrique .     barca are currently top of la liga and closing in on the league title .     enrique 's future at the club has been speculated over the season .     click here for all the latest barcelona news .
steven pienaar has been dogged by groin and knee injuries this season .     the 33-year-old midfielder has made just 11 appearances this term .     pienaar made his comeback in the 1-1 draw with swansea city .     but muscle fatigue ruled him out of the win over burnley last weekend .
tim howard joined everton in the community 's wheelchair football team .     toffees goalkeeper took part in training session at croxteth sports centre .     the u.s international took part in shooting practice and a short game .
bethany farrell , 23 , died during a scuba diving trip on february 17 , 2015 .     young backpacker was in blue pearl bay off queensland 's hayman island .     she was on a wings diving adventure charter boat for her first scuba dive .     friends have claimed that staff on the boat deleted the last photos of her .     her family believe the images may have helped explain what went wrong .     police investigation is still underway and a report will be sent to coroner .
surveyors did not check for damage or casualties overnight due to bad weather .     the national weather service sent tweets warning of a large tornado .     a resident snapped a photo of what could be a very large tornado .
shannen hussein lives on a farm in rockbank , north-west of melbourne .     she has cats , dogs , birds , sheep , snakes , scorpions and many more pets .     the 21-year-old 's animals shot to fame when one of her vines went viral .     it was shared by celebrities like taylor swift and ellen degeneres .
peter moskos : when man died in police custody , many unfairly blamed all baltimore cops . but cops are in a no-win situation .     he says those who trashed city are part of larger societal woes of poverty and class . in just blaming cops , we ignore source of strife .
lizzie borden and her family are buried in fall river , massachusetts .     their plot at oak grove cemetery was defaced with black and green paint .     speculated graffiti is related to lifetime 's the lizzie borden chronicles .     borden was acquitted after going on trial for the two murders in 1892 .     inspired rhyme : ` lizzie borden took an ax and gave her mother 40 whacks '     historic murder house is adjacent to where aaron hernandez is on trial .
david zaslav was compensated $ 156.1 million for his role as ceo of discovery communications in 2014 it was revealed on friday .     this amount is thanks to the success of television events like shark week and shows like the once popular here comes honey boo boo .     he also helps to run oprah winfrey 's network , own .     this amount is far , far greater than the $ 93million cbs chairman sumner redstone made in 2013 , the highest paid television executive .     of this money , $ 144million is in stocks .
some of jesus ' most important financial backers were women , historians say .     joseph of arimathea and nicodemus , both men of stature and wealth , chipped in to help fund jesus ' ministry .
charlotte roach was nearly killed in a horrific car accident in 2010 .     for lent she decided to dress in fancy dress to raise money for charity .     charlotte 's business partner rosemary pringle did the challenge too .     the pair wanted to raise money for the air ambulance service .
brian o'driscoll pictured crowd surfing in hong kong earlier this week .     former ireland captain was away working as an hsbc ambassador .     o'driscoll 's wife amy huberman posted the picture on twitter .
lucy scott is an edinburgh-born illustrator and mother-of-one .     after having first child , lois , in 2012 , she decided to create honest book .     doodle diary of a new mom looks at chaotic , realistic aspects .
mike lane was beaten by masked protesters armed with iron bars on ropes .     attack happened as 30 riders and hounds were chasing artificial scent .     wiltshire police handed video footage and some names of saboteurs .     decision by police to drop probe branded ` pathetic ' by 40-year-old .
unidentified 18-year-old told by guards in arizona jail to go back to his cell .     inmate at phoenix facility punched two officers , knocking them out .     young man eventually subdued , though four taser shots did n't work .     scott beaty , 44 , in intensive care with broken facial bones and brain bleed .
bbc radio derby broadcaster died in hospice at 7.05 am yesterday morning .     touched thousands of listeners with openness as he battled skin cancer .     heartbroken colleagues and stars have paid tribute to talented broadcaster .     name chanted at derby county 's match at millwall and shrewsbury town players wore t-shirts with his name as they gained promotion yesterday .
jules bianchi severely injured his head in japanese grand prix crash .     his father said he is still in a coma but his condition is stable .     philippe bianchi also spoke of the pain his family have gone through .
globe trotting couple do n't always opt for super exclusive design hotels .     despite their millions brangelina often stay in affordable accommodation .     list includes hilton , park hyatt , intercontinental and hard rock hotels .
councillor joseph o'riordan found guilty of attempting to murder his wife .     court heard attack occurred after he discovered her affair with the postman .     amanda o'riordan , 47 , in extra-marital relationship with married nick gunn .     postman mr gunn , 41 , had previous affairs with women on his rounds .
ian poulter dressed all in purple for the final round at augusta .     the englishman finished tied for sixth on nine under par .     prize money for this year 's masters was $ 10m , a 10 per cent increase .     phil mickelson dressed all in black for his pursuit of a fourth green jacket .     rory mcilroy and tiger woods paired for final major round for first time .
leanne mitchell has been dropped by her label and sings at a holiday camp .     andrea begley and jermain jackman are yet to become household names .     will 2015 winner stevie become a chart success or another voice flop ?
kevin franklin left his 80-year-old victim without any money to buy milk .     meanwhile fraudster funded dream alps wedding with eight-years of thefts .     franklin said he needed money for failing business and after family deaths .     when he was arrested the fraudster had told police : ' i played him '     jailed for nearly five years despite franklin saying he 's ` terrified ' of prison .
top footballers are under fire for using twitter to promote an adidas sale .     players including steven gerrard and theo walcott could face a probe .     dozen premier league stars posted messages within minutes of each other .     watchdog advises celebrities to use the word ` ad ' or ` spon ' if its an advert .
katie gallegos from clackamas county , oregon , decided to take the pooch to a mcdonald 's drive-thru for an ice cream with his pal daisy .     but while the small female pup takes a few ladylike licks , cooper gobbles the rest of the cone up in one bite .     gallegos says ice cream is a weekly treat for her pets .
cuomo first us governor to visit cuba since ease on trade and travel .     heads delegation of 18 new york academics and business leaders .     president obama eased trade and travel restrictions earlier this year .
kendra moad of kearns , utah followed her grandfather out of the house friday morning and into the driveway .     he did not see the 20-month-old toddler and ran her over as he pulled his truck up in the driveway to move the trash cans .     this is now the fourth time since august that a child was accidentally run over and killed in their own driveway by a family member in utah .     kendra suffered severe head trauma and was unconscious when workers arrived , and was pronounced dead shortly after at a nearby hospital .     the grandfather is not facing any charges at this time , but the case remains under investigation .
ri sol-ju appears in public with her husband for first time since december .     n. korean leader kim jong-un and wife pictured attending a football match .     former singer , ri and her husband kim wore wedding rings at the event .     they were flanked by officials at kim 's grandfather 's 103rd birthday party .
de blasio , clinton 's campaign manager during her 2000 senate run , said on sunday he will not give up endorsement until he sees a vision from her .     he also said that americans are demanding candidates to have a plan for addressing ` out of control ' income inequality in the country .     plan should include increases in wages and benefits and willingness to tax the wealthy .     de blasio said clinton is ` one of the most qualified people to ever run '
porto set a new standard as fans were draped in blue and white in midweek .     gary neville and jamie carragher are often a better watch than the match .     nico rosberg and lewis hamilton 's rivalry lacks personality .     alastair cook probably should n't have gone to graham gooch for tips .
unidentified man is captured in video claiming to be army infantryman .     he 's confronted by a young man who asks a series of questions including where he did basic training and why he 's not wearing a name badge .     the man says he did basic training in north carolina but the young man says infantry training is conducted in fort benning , georgia not miami .     eric coins , who posted the video , says the guy wore the uniform ` to pick up girls and get sympathy drinks '
map spans nearly two billion light years .     will help astrophysicists predict the universe 's expansion .     could help identify where , and how much dark matter exists .
iona costello , 51 , and her daughter emily , 14 , missing since late march .     pair from posh suburb of greenpoint , long island , often went to shows .     video shows them with suitcases , but relatives are worried after daughter began missing school .     mother told workers at her horse farm that she 'd be ` back on tuesday '
steve clarke admits his reading side must be ` perfect ' on saturday .     the royals face arsenal in the fa cup semi-final at wembley stadium .     clarke has never beaten arsene wenger but wants this to change .
chelsea will be without top scorer diego costa for at least two games .     the # 32m striker suffered recurrence of hamstring injury against stoke .     loic remy and eden hazard scored in 2-1 victory at stamford bridge .
skegness featured among picturesque places like windermere and cornwall .     lincolnshire town famous for its butlin 's attracts over 400,000 visitors a year .     research revealed 165,000 people in england and wales have holiday homes .
new york city fc 's patchy start to the season continued .     mehdi ballouchy put the home side ahead but cj sapong levelled late on .     city have won just one of their opening six matches in mls .     david villa was forced off at half time with a hamstring strain .
eugenie bouchard refused to shake hands with rival alexandra dulgheru .     controversy sparked a dreadful few days for last year 's wimbledon finalist .     bouchard suffered two humiliating defeats in front of her hometown crowd .
the disturbing video was uploaded last week by raymond yeung .     the description claims it was captured in china 's shenzhen reservoir .     the video has sparked online debates over the species of the creature .     some have claimed the hairless animal is a mythical ` water monster '     others believe it is a malaysian bear suffering from a skin disease .
mary queen of scots washed herself in white wine .     ancient indian women used cow dung and urine to boost their beauty .     cleopatra bathed in donkey-milk to achieve smooth skin .
ella parry took the pills on april 12 and began to feel unwell hours later .     her metabolism began to soar , her body overheated and she died .     her mother has now issued a stark warning about buying diet pills online .     tablets contained highly-toxic substance known as dinitrophenol , or dnp .
tanka maya sitoula was at home in kathmandu , nepal , when deadly quake struck .     she was trapped inside the ruins of her wrecked home for 36 hours .
ten per cent leave their documents , letters and mementos around in piles .     survey of 2,000 britons found that only six per cent back up papers online .     just under half asked said they used filing cabinets or safes for documents .
designers are looking to ease passengers ' woes with comfier seats .     the ` series 7 ' premium economy seat is thinner , offering more legroom .     travellers who hate the middle seat will enjoy the ` cozy suite '     a hong kong firm 's dual-user armrest is a solution to the elbow wars .     ` the meerkat ' allows passengers to recline without annoying others .
elbit systems are working with the israeli ministry of defense .     sensors are so precise there will be ` no false alarms '     israeli army considered more than 700 proposals for the project .
friends fan neil killham recreated the infamous trifle-shepherds pie .     character rachel accidentally creates disgusting concoction in season 6 .     dish includes sponge , jam , custard , lamb , peas , onions and whipped cream .     neil said finished product was ` terrible ' but he managed to finish his slice .
frankie ruttledge was always the ` fat bridesmaid ' for her friends .     the 24-year-old has since lost six stone after adopting a healthy diet .     frankie , from yorkshire , is now planning her own wedding next year .
relatives of wayne community college shooting victim say he was gay , local media report .     the suspect had worked for the victim but was let go , college president says .     the suspect , kenneth morgan stancil iii , was found sleeping on a florida beach and arrested .
will hatton has travelled to about 50 countries in seven years and plans to make it to 100 by the time he is 30 .     the 26-year-old backpacks , hitch-hikes and dumpster-dives in order to keep to his budget of us$ 100 each week .     he picks up odd jobs as he goes , including goat herding in the middle east .     his adventures have led him into tricky situations , including being robbed at knife point and strip searched at gun point .
musk unveiled powerwall device at press conference in california .     daily use version will be able to store 7 kilowatt-hours of electricity .     it will let users store renewable energy , or pay lower , off-peak rates .     also revealed a larger model which is a ` infinitely scalable system '
p!nk took to twitter to address online comments about her body .     her `` squishiness '' is a result of happiness , she says .
obama and raul , fidel castro 's brother , shook hands on friday .     white house says the two are due a ` substantive ' conversation today .     they met at the summit of the americas in panama alongside other leaders .     us ` is close to removing cuba from list of terrorist sponsor states '     move would automatically lift some economic sanctions on island nation .     the pair had shaken hands before at the funeral of nelson mandela in 2013 .     they will meet again today and discuss further thawing u.s.-cuba relations .     colombian president juan manuel santos hailed obama 's push to improve relations with cuba , saying it healed a ` blister ' that was hurting the region .
cricket commentator richie benaud has passed away after cancer battle .     the 84-year-old will be remembered for his mastery of commentating .     the former leg spinner earned himself the title of the ` voice of cricket '     his trademark line was ` great shot that ' and ` marvellous '
jonathan pitre has deep blistering wounds all over his body that wo n't heal .     his condition , epidermolysis bullosa , has a life expectancy of 25 years .     every day screams in pain as his mother bathes and bandages him .     he loved sports but ca n't play any more , now trying out sportscasting .     for more about jonathan and his condition , visit the website of charity debra .
as california struggles with a devastating drought , huge amounts of water are mysteriously vanishing from the sacramento-san joaquin delta .     the prime suspects are farmers whose families have tilled fertile soil there for generations .     delta farmers say they 're not stealing it because their history of living at the water 's edge gives them that right .     california 's water rights system has historically given senior water rights holders the ability to use as much water as they need , even in drought .     gov. jerry brown has said that if drought continues this system built into california 's legal framework could be changed .
the billboard erected in kenosha , wisconsin , features the smiling face of officer pablo torres after he shot dead aaron siler , 26 , last month .     torres is currently on leave while an investigation is being held into the deadly shooting .     siler 's family and friends have called the billboard ` disrespectful ' and are asking for it be taken down .     the kenosha professional police association claims the billboard is simply to thank the local community for its support .     torres shot another men 10 days before siler killing .
manny pacquiao meets floyd mayweather on may 2 in las vegas .     the fight worth $ 300 million to both camps is boxing 's richest ever .     pacman 's shorts alone will carry sponsorship worth # 1.5 m .     mayweather has released a video with uncle roger about his gloves .
amanda beringer asked her brother brad to make a toast at her wedding .     instead of a speech , he wrote a song poking fun at the burdens of marriage .     the perth man 's musical toast had the wedding guests in stitches .
katrina maddox , 23 , from norfolk , said the odds must be ' a million to one '     her husband peter delivered first son reuben on the a47 two years ago .     history repeated itself when baby edward also arrived on way to hospital .
the woman holds out a banana , which the monkey quickly snatches .     monkey then approaches the camera and sniffs it to see if it is food .     woman gets too close to protective monkey and it slaps her gopro .     the footage was captured by a couple in thai town of kanchanaburi .
train suddenly stopped on 7 line between queens and manhattan .     passengers evacuated to grand central station with rescue train .     riders spent roughly and hour and a half trapped underground .     no injuries , though one woman requested attention after feeling faint .
the ile louët island is perched 350 metres out from the morlaix bay , in brittany , france .     up to 10 people can rent the whole island for # 145 for two nights - the same price as a quality b&b .     island comes complete with a 19th century lighthouse , quaint cottage and panoramic views .
auckland coastguards received unusual call out to a homemade boat race .     the race saw 15 ` boats ' including a floating subaru car and couch on tyres .     one vessel capsized outside of the harbour , however no one was injured .     hibiscus coastguards posted their delight at everyone wearing life jackets .
dustin irons was appearing in court via video-link on a large tv screen .     indecently exposed himself when he was unhappy with court proceedings .     unamused judge added 30 days to his sentence for the lewd gesture .
stephanie fragoso cited wednesday after she was stopped in las vegas .     nevada highway patrol cop said she was applying makeup while driving .     distracted driving fines range from $ 50 for the first offense up to $ 250 .     higher enforcement as state hopes to have zero driving fatalities in 2015 .
rory mcilroy was a guest at a nike-sponsored junior event in the us .     world no 1 agreed to arm-wrestle 17-year-old player brad dalke .     teen dalke demolished mcilroy , who admitted he had ` no chance '     dalke verbally agreed to join oklahoma university when he was 12 .
ukip 's support has fallen in nine out of 10 marginal seats , poll shows .     support for nigel farage 's party has more than halved in two seats .     comes after leaked poll showed the ukip leader on course to lose in thanet .     nationwide support for ukip has fallen by 25 % over the last six months .
josh mason gave tv interview thanking clegg for not visiting his seat .     he is standing in lib dem-held redcar but faces labour challenge .     after making scathing remarks he rowed back with statement from party .     suggested that lib dem leader would be made ` welcome ' after all .
iona costello , 51 , and her daughter emily , 14 , missing since late march .     pair from posh suburb of greenport , long island , often went to shows .     video shows them with suitcases , but relatives began to worry after daughter began missing school .     mother told workers at her horse farm that she 'd be ` back on tuesday '     relative said that mrs costello had been ` under a lot of stress ' during the legal battle over her husband 's estate .
susie clark , of evening shade , arkansas , found the diamond on thursday at crater of diamonds state park .     the 3.69-carat gem is teardrop-shaped about the size of a pinto bean .     park interpreter said it 's the largest of the 122 diamonds found this year .
middleton wrote about eating whale for a national newspaper travel story .     she described eating it at the # 123-a-night juvet landscape hotel .     whale and dolphin conservation group said the news was ` disappointing '     the wdc said ms middleton should have gone whale watching instead .
new england patriots no 81 is starting whole life term for murder of odin lloyd - and will now go by his prison number .     he is being moved from the state prison at cedar junction to the souza-baranowski maximum security facility today where he 's on suicide watch .     man who knew hernandez well reveals how he smoked marijuana mixed with ` angel dust ' - the dangerous illegal substance pcp .     addictive substance is known to lead to violent mood swings .     hernandez is still facing another double murder trial .
callum wilson opened the scoring for bournemouth in the fourth minute .     it was wilson 's 22nd goal of the season for the cherries .     bournemouth are ahead of norwich at the top of the table by one point .
# a ** holeparents is a hashtag on instagram to expose ` flawed parenting '     parents posts pictures of their children crying with the hashtag .     children are shown crying because they are being fed and cleaned .     ' i would n't let her have a knife , ' captioned one snap of a child sobbing .     the hashtag has almost 4000 posts from parents all over the world .
many smartphones - including apple 's iphone - come with an fm chip installed but many are not switched on by the manufacturers .     bbc and other broadcasters are pushing to have radio capability turned on .     they say it would allow users to listen to broadcasts without data charges .     it could also prove a vital way of getting information during emergencies .
19-year-old from north west of the capital arrested at airport today .     he had just landed in britain on a flight from istanbul in turkey .     teenager is accused of committing and assisting acts of terrorism .     charged at police station and due to appear before magistrates today .
underground city was discovered in otherworldly region of cappadocia .     it is believed to consist of at least 3.5 miles -lrb- 7km -rrb- of tunnels and rooms .     geophysicists studied a 1.5 mile -lrb- 4 km -rrb- area using seismic tomography .     study suggests underground corridors may be 371ft -lrb- 113 metres -rrb- deep .
madeline luciano was fired after an investigation into the incident last june .     but new york teacher claims the exercise was meant to stop the bullying .     luciano , 40 , has launched court action to get her teaching licence back .
funeral strippers in rural china are the latest focus of the country 's crackdown on vice .     in some areas of china , the hiring of professional mourners is commonplace , but some performances are getting racy .     government report says that stripteases undermine `` the cultural value of the entertainment business ''
shooter identified as kenneth stancil who was once a student at college .     he ` carried a long gun ' and ` fired one shot ' that killed worker rodney lane .     wayne community college in goldsboro was on lockdown just before 9am .     college campus was systematically evacuated as swat teams arrived .     the college is one hour away from raleigh and has 3,900 students .
jackie ward witnessed the family of four have racial slur shouted at them while they were out for the day on friday .     shay stewart-bouley , who is black and runs a blog called black girl in maine , was with her white husband and their daughter , 9 , and son , 23 .     car of unidentified white males drove past as one shouted ` hey n ***** s ! '     ward said she shared the story to remind people to be kinder to each other .
jonathon stevenson wrote a letter to richie benaud back in 1996 .     the then-16-year-old asked for his advice on left-handed spin bowling .     stevenson , who now works at livewire sport , tweeted the letter on friday .     cricket legend died in his sleep on thursday night in a sydney hospice .     letter included sheet of notes about spin bowling for left-hand bowlers .
lewis ferguson fell from merrion square at wincanton on wednesday .     despite spectacular tumble he escaped with just a cut nose .     ferguson has been mucking out stables as usual on thursday morning .     the 18-year-old says incident that went viral was ` just a blur ' to him .
ciudad real airport was built in 2009 at a cost of more $ 1billion -- spain 's economy having taken off .     it was closed just three years later when its parent company fell into financial difficulties .     the airport was designed to cater for spain 's booming economy to serve both city and coast via high speed rail link .
biologists at the hebrew university of jerusalem in israel used high speed videos of octopuses crawling over objects to study how the animals move .     rather than pulling themselves along they use their legs to push instead .     they can move in one direction while their bodies face a different direction .     the findings could help scientists develop new types of rescue robots .
qantas lounge 's ` smart casual ' dress code is now being enforced by staff .     since april 1 staff can refuse entry to customers dressed incorrectly .     customers have complained on social media after being turned away .     many of them said they were refused entry because of their thongs .     ` the dress guidelines for our lounges are the same as most restaurants and club , ' qantas say .     but they refuse to define exactly what items are not allowed .
a court allowed a wife to serve divorce papers via facebook .     danny cevallos : why not let people be found via social media ?
tonya stack , wife of mike stack , allegedly hurled drink at fundraiser .     kevin boyle , who sits in pa house of representatives , says he was hit with obscene gesture , called it ` trashy ' , then got covered in sticky drink .     event was held in honor of michael strange , who died in afghanistan .     boyle and stack , both democrats , have been in political power struggles .     backed separate candidates for seats in house legislature .
roma win at home for the first time since november .     miralem pjanic completes a counter-attack to put hosts ahead .     morgan de sanctis produces stunning goalkeeping display .     napoli without a win for five matches after terrible run .
a court in cairo has sentenced the former leader over abuses of protesters .     but he was cleared of charges that would have seen him face death penalty .     14 others convicted on same charges with most also sentenced to 20 years .     defence lawyers said they would launch an appeal against the convictions .
aston villa manager tim sherwood faces chris ramsey 's qpr on tuesday .     both clubs are fighting relegation from the premier league this season .     sherwood and ramsey will put their friendship aside when they meet .     villa boss says this is the biggest game of his managerial career .     click here for all the latest aston villa news .
iranian president says a nuclear deal would remove a major obstacle for business .     `` we can cooperate with the world , '' president hassan rouhani insists .     he says , `` we do not lie , '' and iran will abide by its promises on nuclear deal .
andrea atzeni rides terror in landwades nell gwyn stakes at newmarket .     david simcock trained 1,000 guineas fancy is owned by qatar racing .     frankie dettori has been unveiled as newmarket 's ambassador for 2015 .     john gosden 's faydhan is the key horse entered in the free handicap .
' i did n't do anything wrong , but they still got rid of me , ' rose mcgrath , 12 , of battle creek , michigan said tearfully of her dismissal .     st. joseph 's middle school sent a letter to rose mcgrath dismissing her from the school for low attendance and poor academic performance .     rose mcgrath was diagnosed with luekemia in 2012 and even though she just finished her treatment she still feels ill a lot of the time .     ` when i 'm at home , i 'm sick , i do n't feel well ; no one else does that . but when i 'm at school i 'm like everyone else , ' rose mcgrath said .
peru 's famous inca ruins received 1.1 million visitors in 2014 alone .     average number of tourists far exceeded unesco 's daily limit of 2,500 .     extravagant new plans aim to allow for more tourists to visit safely .
image shows two women hugging among commuters on a train platform .     nelson felippe , from rio de janeiro , expressed disapproval of the scene .     the angry facebook post received over 100,000 shares in 24 hours .     but nelson was using the picture to send-up homophobic attitudes .
planes collide after one desperately attempts to make emergency landing .     three people hospitalised after the crash at an airport near melbourne .     both pilots involved in the crash believed to be students .     passengers stranded in one plane forced to climb to safety through tail .
al qaida seized control of an airport , sea port and oil terminal in yemen .     latest advance marks a major gain for al qaida in the arabian peninsula .     came amid chaos pitting rebels against forces loyal to exiled president .
tottenham full-back kyle walker sustained a foot injury following a collision with burnley 's kieran trippier during the draw at turf moor on sunday .     early fears that the foot was broken have been allayed following scans .     spurs are hopeful that the england international will return soon .
newcastle lost 1-0 to rivals sunderland at the stadium of light on sunday .     john carver admits the magpies struggle when they have to compete .     newcastle play liverpool on monday and are nine points above drop zone .
gina maria schumacher took part in an event in the german town of kreuth .     she appeared at the 2015 nrha european futurity horse show yesterday .     rode several different horses and wore a variety of cowboy-style outfits .     her father michael remains under the care of medics at his home on lake geneva following a catastrophic ski accident in the swiss alps in 2013 .
danny nickerson was diagnosed with an inoperable brain tumor in 2013 .     he received more than 150,000 birthday cards and packages after requesting a ` box of cards ' for his birthday last july .     his mother , carley nickerson , shared the news of his passing on friday .     nickerson fought through 33 radiation treatments and two clinical trials which consisted of chemotherapy during his battle with dipg .
duo started out by making versions of famous vehicles they loved .     celebrities and wealthy film fans are flocking to buy the pair 's creations .     the fleet includes a transformers-style truck and ` tron ' motorbike .
padraig harrington had fallen out of top 300 before winning honda classic .     irishman returns to the masters after failing to qualify last year .     the three times major winner tips dustin johnson to challenge rory mcilroy at augusta .
british designer prunes and grafts growing trees directly into shape .     he 's currently tending a field of 400 tables , chairs and lampshades .     mainly using willow but also sycamore , ash , hazel and crab apple .     first crop to be harvested next year with furniture ready for sale in 2017 .
iraqi officials say izzat ibrahim al-douri , 72 , has died in fighting in tikrit .     he was one of saddam hussein 's most trusted henchmen in ba'ath party .     had a $ 10m bounty on his head and was one of the us 's most wanted men .     body returned to baghdad today and delivered to the ministry of health .     warning : graphic content .
fans were asked to unite against cancer by donning a football shirt .     it is in support of the bobby moore fund for cancer research uk .     moore died from bowel and liver cancer on february 4 , 1993 .
advert sees party leaders form an unlikely boyband named coalition .     greens claim main parties are all ` singing from the same hymn sheet '     mocks tories , lib dems , labour and ukip for agreeing on austerity .     the film will first be broadcast at 5.55 pm on thursday night on bbc2 .
europa league semi-final draw : napoli vs dnipro , sevilla vs fiorentina .     last-four ties to be played on may 7 and may 14 .     final takes place at national stadium in warsaw on may 27 .
baron the german shepard was filmed as he helped get the dishes done at home in california .     the pup was professionally trained at the hill country k9 school .     to date the clip of baron dishwashing has been watched over 27,000 times .     many viewers have deemed the dog 's cleaning antics ` cute ' and adorable '
cult us shows like the big bang theory will be axed for 12 hours on may 7 .     instead , e4 will show a special advert encouraging people to vote .     the radical move could have a significant impact on the election .     e4 is the most popular channel for 16-34 year olds , watched by 8.7 million .
pc luke stanwick , 30 , is fighting for his life in a medically-induced coma .     he has been left paralysed after breaking his neck on holiday in portugal .     his father said he may be permanently disabled after ` horrendous ' accident .     colleagues at sussex police have rallied together to raise more than # 8,030 .
more than 200 seals were legally killed off the scottish coast last year .     fishermen and farmers insist the animals are destroying salmon stocks .     but campaigners have called for a more humane method of keeping seal away from farmed fish .     activists say consumers should put pressure on supermarkets and fishmongers when they are buying scottish salmon .
children 's story written by queen victoria aged 10 now set to be published .     short story tells tale of girl sent to boarding school after her mother died .     story written in monarch 's ` composition ' notebook as part of her studies .
chris smalling agrees new long-term manchester united contract .     the deal is believed to worth around # 80,000 a week .     25-year-old has become a regular starter under louis van gaal .     van gaal reveals he 's ` delighted ' that smalling has penned a new deal .
kym ackerman saw jesus in x-ray of left-side molar at dentist in flagstaff .     ackerman , 32 , pointed the special tooth out to both dentist and hygienist .     she plans to frame the x-ray and keep the molar and her mouth cavity-free .
bruce started hormone therapy and had plastic surgery to look more feminine in the late 1980s .     he was inspired by the story of transgender tennis player renee richards who was born a man and in 1976 won the right to compete as a woman .     olympic decathlete reveals he halted the gender transition process after meeting kris kardashian in late 1990 .     bruce and kris married in april 1991 and had two daughters before their divorce last december .
queensland woman roxy walsh found an inscribed gold ring in bali .     the sentimental jewellery piece was found at a bali resort on tuesday .     she launched a campaign to return the ring to the people who own it .     the campaign made it 's way to brazil , chile , europe , russia and malta .     ms walsh found the owners and they are amazingly also from queensland .     she met with joe and jenny langley in noosa on sunday to return the ring .
marco evaristti poured red fruit dye into the strokkur geysir at dawn .     when the hot spring boiled , bright pink steam erupted from the ground .     the chilean artist has been jailed for 15 days by ` disgusted ' authorities .     he defended the artwork saying ` nature belongs to no one '
presenter will be a guest host satirical quiz show have i got news for you .     is believed to have been booked before he was dropped from top gear .     bbc decided that despite his sacking , he is n't banned from corporation .
ukip leader says people of catford , south east london , ` all wanted selfies '     mr farage said racist claims stop supporters from backing him publicly .     says they include internationally acclaimed rock stars and billionaires .     he adds the idea that ukip is racist is based on ` no evidence whatsoever '
andrew chan and myuran sukumaran lost last appeal against execution .     indonesia 's attorney-general said the pair would now be put to death .     the two australians are currently in isolation on nusakambangan island .     they were moved last month from bali jail to the island to await execution .
original lyrics to u.s. pop anthem american pie up for auction today .     notes on don mclean 's 60s hit expected to fetch up to $ 1.5 million .     the 16-pages also includes deleted verse about music being ` reborn ' .
roland giroux captured his relationship with his fish on camera .     the blood parrot cichlid swims in circles and waits in man 's hand .     the man then begins massaging and stroking its body with his finger .     mr giroux claims the fish becomes frustrated if not stroked each day .
death toll rises to more than 6,100 .     pemba tamang , 15 , shows no apparent signs of serious injury after rescue .     u.s. special forces helicopter 30 , including 3 americans , to safety .
david king had not been seen since he went to tea with friends in october .     the 70-year-old is thought to have got into an argument before his death .     prosecutor said a neighbour admitted to putting mr king 's body in the well .     but the man has yet to explain ` the circumstances of the death '
jesper blomqvist was part of manchester united 's treble winning side .     the midfielder rejected sir alex feruguson 's first approach before signing .     the swede spent two years out injured before moving to everton .     blomqvist now lectures with his brother to help people handle setbacks .     the 41-year-old is playing for united 's legends against bayern munich 's at old trafford on june 14 in a charity match for the club foundation .     click here for all the latest manchester united news .
defense expected to show dzhokhar tsarnaev as a puppet of his dominant older brother .     a deadlocked jury would result in an automatic life sentence for tsarnaev .
hans-wilhelm muller-wohlfahrt quit as bayern munich doctor this week .     the 72-year-old had worked at the bundesliga club for nearly 40 years .     he said the medical department had been blamed for porto defeat .     pep guardiola has denied there was a dispute and has taken responsibility for bayern munich 's champions league loss .
latest group of migrants rescued from mediterranean includes 59 children .     picked up off italian coast as families make desperate bid to reach europe .     comes days after 900 men , women and children died in capsize disaster .
janner sent the card to detective after learning he would not be charged .     christmas card even invited retired kelvyn ashby to dinner at parliament .     former policeman said he was appalled by the labour peer 's note .     officer says superiors forced him to drop inquiries into alleged sex abuse .     four medical experts who examined the peer did not all agree on the nature and extent of his dementia , as outlined by mrs saunders ; .     janner 's own barrister was surprised he escaped charges in 1991 , and suspected attempts to influence the prosecutors ' decision ; .     the director of public prosecutions in charge at the time said he could not even remember seeing the politician 's file .
karim benzema has set his side target of reaching champions league final .     the frenchman insists real will ` give their all to be there at the end '     james rodriguez is happy to be plying his trade under carlo ancelotti .     real madrid face atletico madrid at the vicente calderon on tuesday .     read : see where cristiano ronaldo and co unwind after training .
jamie carragher watched the mediterranean international cup .     carragher 's son james plays for the liverpool u12s .     lionel messi and cesc fabregas have played in the tournament .     neymar , geard pique , oscar and juan mata have also starred .
stephen ward in contention for burnley after overcoming ankle injury .     matt taylor close to return having been out since august .     tottenham hotspur without goalkeeper hugo lloris through knee injury .     danny rose and roberto soldado also fitness concerns for spurs .
twiggy has unveiled her colourful summer range for high street giant .     shows off her timeless looks and sense of style in shoot .     admits that she would n't rule out cosmetic surgery .
miliband came under fire last month for having two kitchens in # 2.7 m home .     in an itv interview , he admits that he has a second kitchen for his nanny .     comment led to accusations miliband lives ` upstairs , downstairs ' lifestyle .     daniel , five , added to row by saying spartan kitchen was ` best ' in the house .
a dozen native american extras and the cultural adviser walked off the set of adam sandler 's new movie on wednesday .     the film , the ridiculous 6 , is a spoof of the magnificent seven that is being made for netflix .     one extra who walked off claims that the production crew and director ignored their complaints about offensive jokes .     this included inaccurate costumes and referring to one woman as ` beaver 's breath '     the film also stars nick nolte , steve buscemi , blake shelton and taylor lautner , who has previously said he has distant native american ancestry .     netflix said in a statement ; ` it is a broad satire of western movies and the stereotypes they popularized , featuring a diverse cast that is not only part of - but in on - the joke '
snooker 's most dramatic final gripped 18.5 million viewers in 1985 .     steve davis had an 8-0 advantage when he missed a green ball .     dennis taylor fought back heroically and eventually won the final 18-17 .
study was conducted by national evolutionary synthesis centre , durham .     it suggests that societies with less access to food and water are more likely to believe in all-powerful , moralistic deities .     research also uncovered link between a belief in high gods who enforce a moral code and a strong social hierarchy .
alastair cook and jonathan trott have both struggled with the bat .     trott looked nervous while his movement was erratic .     cook has n't scored an international century in two years .
to honour the warm weather , mailonline travel has compiled a list of the world 's must-visit springtime destinations .     in the netherlands , the country 's famed keukenhof gardens are open only from march 20 through may 17 .     head to kanazawa , japan , to take in the cherry tree blossoms , which traditionally bloom in the first half of april .     in nearby northumberland , vibrant red poppies light up the area 's rolling hills from late spring to early summer .
there has been a rise in ` sharenting ' - sharing photos of children online .     the trend could be dangerous for your child in the long run .     who is really looking at your photos and how far do they reach online ?     people who do n't turn off location settings are leaving kids vulnerable .     an australian woman received a scathing letter over posting baby photos .
edda goering , 76 , petitioned bavarian parliament to return father 's legacy .     in 1960s she also tried to have painting looted by her father returned to her .     today she refuses to criticise the military leader , calling him a ` loving man '     goering was deputy to hitler and was the nazi regime 's greatest art thief .
belle gibson was awarded cosmo 's fun fearless female award last year .     bronwyn mccahon wishes her magazine had better investigated ms gibson .     despite her cancer lies , cosmo wo n't strip gibson of the prize .     ` what she does n't need now is the whole of australia ganging up on her and bullying her , ' mccahon says .
the city of knox council made an ` administrative decision ' to kill izzy .     an appeal to save the dog has begun in australia 's high court on tuesday .     the staffordshire terrier bit a woman in august 2012 .     she suffered a 1.5 cm cut but it was classed as a ` serious injury '     council decided to destroy izzy during a council panel meeting .     normally a magistrate decides whether a dog should be killed .     the barristers animal welfare panel are fighting her case at no cost .     if they win the council will have to pay legal fees .     rspca sa offered to take izzy and assess her for rehabilitation .
patrick james fredricksen was stopped on way to child 's home , say police .     sex abuser discovered the bus empty with its keys inside in emery county .     he reportedly stole a funeral worker 's car the same day .     after being locked up , he ` flooded jail ' by breaking a water pipe .
dr alex zhavoronkov , an anti-ageing expert , is confident he can live to 150 .     scientist believes he can slow the ageing process by altering his lifestyle .     that includes shunning marriage and children , while using supplements .     current uk life expectancy is 78.8 years for boys and 82.8 years for girls .
teresa bullock captured the video on the monkey 's birthday in ohio .     video shows primate getting mascara , eyeliner and moisturizer applied .     the controversial content has sparked debate between two groups .     peta director said videos like this ` often inspire ill-informed people to obtain monkeys as pets '     and wild futures spokesperson said the clip is ` really very sad '
brae carnes of victoria , british columbia is protesting an amendment to a canadian transgender rights bill .     it would allow business owners to determine if they want to allow transgender individuals to use facilities corresponding with their gender .     carnes has now begun posting photos of herself applying makeup and even changing in men 's public bathrooms .     ` i 'm actively showing them what it would look like if that became law and how completely ridiculous it is , ' says carnes .
deutsche bank survey confirms what australians already know .     for the 4th year straight australia ranked as the world 's costliest country .     a 2-litre bottle of coke costs 51 percent more than in new york .     biggest difference is hotel rooms , which are double the price of new york .
the number of new hiv infections in indiana has grown to 142 cases .     some families in isolated communities use illegal drugs and share needles as a `` community activity , '' a health official says .     public health officials urge vigilance to stop the outbreak from gaining ground .
wei tingting , wang man , zheng churan , li tingting and wu rongrong freed .     they 're still considered suspects in an ongoing criminal investigation , may face charges in the future .     they will be under surveillance for a year with their movements and activities restricted .
the fight broke out at store in the city 's rittenhouse square neighborhood .     it went on for several minutes while witnesses both watched and filmed .     the police were called but all the women had departed by time they arrived .     an investigation is ongoing and the cause of the fight remains unclear .
arsenal face chelsea at the emirates stadium on sunday afternoon .     cesc fabregas makes his first return to his former club in the clash .     arsenal manager arsene wenger wants fans to respect ex-players .     the gunners had the chance to re-sign fabregas but he went to chelsea .     wenger refuses to say if he regrets that but admits he wishes he never left .     read : arsenal can beat chelsea , says arsene wenger .     arsenal vs chelsea special : cesc fabregas makes emirates return .
racing fans dressed in their finest outfits have arrived for ladies ' day at the aintree racecourse in liverpool .     the event is one of the most hotly anticipated of the racing calendar in what is a.p mccoy 's final festival .     45,000 spectators are believed to have arrived through the gates at aintree for the day 's racing .     sam twiston-davies rode saphir du rheu to win the betfred mildmay novices ' chase with ease .     click here for our grand national 2015 sweepstake kit .
official : girl , 15 , `` expressed an interest in joining a terrorist group called isis ''     authorities detain girl at cape town airport , release her into family 's care , he says .
judge dismissed charges of harassment and stalking against owner of small-town ice cream truck business .     small town of gloversville , in upstate new york was rocked by a ferocious ice cream truck dispute in april 2013 .     snow kone joe ice cream truck owner joshua malatino and his then girlfriend , samantha scott , were arrested in april 2013 .     pair were charged with trying to force rival mr. ding-a-ling ice cream truck business out of business .     accused of harassing and stalking philip hollister , a mr. ding-a-ling truck driver .     malatino said the case led him to be humiliated beyond his hometown because the case made news worldwide .
most girls grow out of their yearning for tumbling tresses as adults .     but there is now a growing trend for middle-aged women with long hair .     supermodel twiggy recently stood up for older women with longer locks .     here some of britain 's real-life rapunzels show off their lengthy tresses .
glenna kohl was a rhode island college student in 2005 when she was diagnosed with stage iii melanoma .     kohl had been a devotee to both indoor and outdoor tanning since she was a high school student and life guard in massachusetts .     three years after her shocking diagnosis , kohl died . now her family is on a mission to educate young people about the dangers of tanning .
errol louis : by chance a bystander video caught south carolina officer shooting apparently unarmed black man .     federal law on reporting of such shootings goes unenforced -- how many instances do we never hear about ? he asks .     louis : it 's long past time for officials to tell the truth -- even when there 's no video .
sarah weatherill , 31 , spent # 5 , 460 every year on the popular energy drink .     her 24-a-day habit left her lethargic , depressed and with heart palpitations .     if she cut down too quickly she was told she risked suffering a seizure .     claims her addiction was cured by one 50 minute hypnosis session .
96 people died at the hillsborough disaster on april 15 , 1989 .     liverpool players and fans have started paying tribute to the victims .     a memorial service is to be held at anfield on wednesday .     click here for all the latest liverpool news .
the espresso maker , named the isspresso maker after the international space station , is set for lift off on monday .     it was designed by italian coffee giant lavazza , engineering company argotec and the italian space agency .     the experimental machine was specially designed to for use off the planet .     it was originally intended for international space station astronaut samantha cristoforetti of italy as relief from the station 's instant coffee .     nasa 's space station program deputy manager , dan hartman , said it is being sent as part of the goal of making astronauts feel at home .
putin has spent hours fielding questions from the general public on live television .     sanctions and russia 's deep economic crisis are a major theme .
teams of cleaners , known as ` lonely death squads ' , clear houses where elderly people lay dead for months .     police remove decomposing corpses but the clean-up crews are faced with houses filled with rubbish and flies .     in rapidly ageing japan , more and more people are dying alone and unnoticed in a country of 127 million people .     one in four people in japan is over 65 - with increasingly loose family bonds adding to the isolation of the elderly .
chelsea scored late winner to beat qpr 1-0 at loftus road on sunday .     cesc fabregas scored with chelsea 's only shot on target .     chelsea move seven points clear at the top of the premier league .     queens park rangers remain in the relegation zone by two points .
in the first recording , an unidentified officer talks to slager about what might happen .     the second audio captures a phone call between slager and someone cnn believes is his wife .
cameron visited cheltenham for a speech on cutting inheritance tax .     aides ordered that the jack russell and poodle cross-breed be kept away .     owner sarah style joked : ` i 'm surprised mi5 are not getting involved '
alexis sanchez has starred for barcelona and arsenal since udinese days .     former boss pasquale marino has tipped the frontman for greatness .     marino says benching sanchez was ` like taking a toy from a child '     sanchez could play three games a day , according to marino .
epiphany morgan and carl mason produced 365 documentaries in a year .     the sydney couple travelled to 35 countries on a $ 40 per day budget .     they released one ` docobite ' each day of people they met while travelling .     the pair said they learnt how to focus on what humans have in common .
applicants must measure 5ft 6in and have a 25 1/2 in waist .     casting request gives the star 's head and wrist circumferences .     hopefuls must n't have tattoos or body piercings and may have to cut hair .     previous adverts have featured keira knightley and claudia schiffer .
amelia-jane harris was 27st 10lbs at 17 and was called ` fatty bum bum '     she began losing weight rapidly and was diagnosed with crohn 's disease .     lost 18 stone in 20 months and became a slim size 6 weighing 8st 9lbs .     says her dream body is a ` nightmare ' as is in constant pain and ca n't eat .
exclusive : punters backing the tories to finish as largest party .     twice as many bets are being placed on the tories to win over labour .     one bookie alone has taken five bets for more than # 10,000 on the tories .     general election set to be the first to break the # 100million betting barrier .
a new # 1bn super hospital in glasgow opened its doors to patients today .     the state-of-the-art building includes a children 's cinema and robots .     nicola sturgeon said it had been ` entirely funded ' by scottish taxpayers .     but scotland gets # 1,200 more per head spent on health than england .     this is funded by barnett formula guaranteeing extra spending in scotland .
richard lapointe , a former dishwasher , confessed to raping and stabbing 88-year-old bernice martin at her manchester apartment in 1989 .     he was sentenced in 1992 to life in prison without parole .     lapointe 's supporters said evidence showed he could not have committed the crimes and his disability made him vulnerable to a false confession .     last month a court ruled lapointe was deprived of a fair trial and on friday , a judge ordered him to be freed on $ 25,000 cash bail .
there are eight teams in contention for promotion to the premier league .     every side involved will be targeting wins from their remaining games .     prize money for promotion could come in at # 120 million .
scientists at haverford college in pennsylvania made the finding .     they spotted x-ray emissions consistent with thousands of white dwarfs .     these are stars left behind after larger ones use up their fuel .     but why thousands of these stars are there remains a mystery .
ricky ricardo chiles iii was suspected in the shooting deaths of two people .     police say the chain of events started sunday when a 2-year-old dashed out in front a vehicle and was killed .     the driver of the vehicle and the boy 's older brother died from gunshots .
identical twins start life with the same genes from the same fertilised egg .     as they age , the number of hydrogen bonds in the dna changes due to different life experiences such as smoking and different diets .     by heating dna until bonds break , researchers can spot these differences .     this will help identify which twin is guilty in a criminal case , for example .
claim was made by the commander of russian space command .     oleg maidanovich said someone was hiding satellites as space junk .     but in a film he refused to name the country behind the ruse .     comments came on the anniversary of yuri gagarin 's first spaceflight .
katie price 's husband kieran hayler cheated on her twice .     the former stripped slept with two of her best friends .     it has today been reported that she still checks his phone .     sam bailey , a friend of katie 's , says star ` panics ' when he 's with women .
lorenzo simon , 34 , forced tenant michael spalding to decorate his flat .     but following an argument , mr spalding was stabbed and dismembered .     simon found guilty of murder and has been jailed for minimum of 19 years .     girlfriend michelle bird jailed for two and a half years for assisting an offender - but acquitted of murder .
woman was attacked as she closed restaurant in shandong , china .     her self-defence training pays off as she overpowers the would-be rapist .     attacker strikes again outside restaurant - but manager escapes unhurt .
chris byrnarsky was shot and killed in his custom detail shop in 2006 .     his friend finished the bumper brynarsky was working on and wrote an inscription on the inside of it before putting it back on the car .     brynarsky 's father john was working on a car in his body shop when he removed the bumper and found a message dedicated to his fallen son .
waters in a huge area of the pacific are running 5.5 degrees warmer than normal .     marine life that likes cooler water has moved and others that like warm seas are seen in new places .     `` the blob '' might be having an effect on rain and snow -- and the west coast drought .
zachariah fike head of vermont-based purple hearts reunited , says the military id belonged to world war ii veteran cpl. william benn .     benn lost them in 1939 at a coastal artillery placement on salisbury beach .     discovered last year by metal detector enthusiast following a storm .
wood green animal charity is lending householders cats from their shelter .     they say the presence of cats and their lingering scent scare rodents away .     home owners can foster a cat using cleaning and diy service app handy .
cardinal francis george , a chicago native , died friday .     he was to be buried thursday in his family 's plot at all saints cemetery in nearby des plaines .     he was appointed by pope john paul ii in 1997 to lead the chicago archdiocese .     george earned a reputation as an intellectual leader and a leading figure in some of the most prominent events in the u.s. church .
bentleys and porsches finished bottom of reliability table of manufacturers .     cars were assessed on their failure rate , age , mileage and cost of repairs .     most reliable was honda , with suzuki second and toyota in third place .
letizia attended a lunch reception with king felipe today .     yesterday , author pedro manas planted a kiss on her cheek .     moment came during a literary awards ceremony in madrid .     42-year-old spanish royal had just presented him with a prize .     royal looked glamorous in a # 49.99 blue jumpsuit by mango .
marcello trebitsch , 37 , was indicted monday on securities and wire fraud charges .     the brooklyn resident is married to the daughter of disgraced former new york state assembly speaker sheldon silver .     just three months ago , the same prosecutor hit silver with corruption charges for allegedly taking $ 4million in bribes and kickbacks .     silver has fiercely denied the charges .
england 's top order collapsed on the first morning in antigua .     jonathan trott , alastair cook and gary ballance all out cheaply .     michael vaughan critical of footwork and mindset of the trio .     vaughan is favourite to take up role of england cricket director .
cristiano ronaldo bagged five goals in 9-1 victory against granada .     karim benzema scored twice for carlo ancelotti 's real madrid side .     benzema believes ronaldo ` deserves everything he has achieved '
the items were originally given to a historian who opposed the camps , cnn affiliate reports .     auctioneer hoped they would be bought by museum or someone who would donate them for historical appreciation .     japanese-americans were furious about items from family members , others being sold .
timberlake and biel welcome son silas randall timberlake .     the couple announced the pregnancy in january .
conor mcgregor shared a picture of his new tiger tattoo on his stomach .     the 26-year-old mcgregor is set to challenge jose aldo on july 11 .     mcgregor grabbed aldo 's featherweight champion belt in dublin .     click here for all the latest ufc news .
jenson button and fernando alonso both retired in malaysia last month .     button says , however , that mclaren are moving in the right direction .     the chinese grand prix takes place in shanghai this weekend .
manchester united 4-2 manchester city : click here for the match report .     louis van gaal is in with a shout of winning manager of the year .     chelsea 's jose mourinho and southampton 's ronald koeman are too .     sean dyche could be in if he saves burnley from relegation .     adrian durham : man city must think big or forever remain small .
emergency services are preparing for damaging winds of up to 100km/h to hit large parts of new south wales .     the ses had responded to about 15 jobs on monday morning , mainly in sydney metropolitan area .     residents in victoria and queensland prepare for a week of colder weather after a hail storm hit melbourne .
county championship 2015 season to begin on sunday .     yorkshire looking to defend their division one title .     mark butcher backs sussex to win division one this year .     kevin pietersen and surrey will be focus of attention in division two .
paula radcliffe finished in 2:36.55 but said the time did n't matter .     the world record holder began at the front of the mass start .     she had barely run since february due to an achilles injury .     radcliffe was the 199th woman to finish the race on sunday .     she was first to receive the race 's lifetime achievement award .     earlier in the day ethiopian tigist tufa won the women 's elite race .     eliud kipchoge won the men 's race in a kenyan top three .
the light dragoons have been based at robertson barracks , swanton morley , for the past 15 years .     more than 4,000 people , including school children , lined the streets to say farewell to the reconnaissance unit .     the regiment are packing up and moving some 200 miles to their new home in catterick , north yorkshire .     their commanding officer said it would be ' a strain to leave ' after putting down ` deep roots ' in norfolk .
after decades of campaign the women 's crews are to make history .     boat race set to take place on the river thames next saturday .
a # 250,00 lamborghini supercar hit a tree and then smashed into a bollard .     the car crashed just metres from a primary school and wheel flew off .     wheel narrowly missed martin johnson and granddaughter charly pennett .     owner apparently got out and joked he would buy a new one tomorrow .
miley , 22 , ditched razor for rock event on saturday .     her followers were divided in opinion over her unshaven armpits .     julia roberts , pixie lott and scout willis have all bared their armpit hair .
recent study found sons and brothers of convicted sex offenders were four to five times more likely to be convicted of sex crimes .     some argue this knowledge could help prevent people from offending .     dr mairi levitt says the genetic study ca n't separate nature from nurture .
farryn johnson was fired from a hooters in 2013 .     she has claimed that a supervisor at the time had an issue with her getting blonde highlights .     johnson has alleged she was given reduced shifts , written warnings and later terminated .     she is now set to receive $ 250,000 covering both legal fees and lost wages from an arbitration ruling .     hooters has said her ` claims of discrimination are simply without merit '     the company has said johnson 's lawyers are actually getting $ 244,000 , while johnson herself is getting around $ 12,000 .
five sailors took their own lives while serving on wa 's hmas stirling .     suicides happened over two years and some had attempted it before .     stuart addison 's family did n't know about his other attempts until his death .     it was a similar case for four other families , including stuart 's close friends .     revelations of ice use , binge drinking and depression have also emerged .
south african troops help police conduct raids in jeppestown .     defense minister says police are spread too thin trying to prevent attacks on immigrants .     seven people have been killed in recent violence against poorer immigrants .
exploitation drives low-skilled migration and holds down wages , he said .     speech given during an outing in marginal seat wirral west earlier today .     ukip leader said it was a ` big diversion ' as exploitation not the main issue .
the james bond actor was given a ` license to save ' by u.n. secretary-general ban ki-moon in new york on tuesday .     craig will spend the next three years raising awareness for the u.n. mine action service and political and financial support for the cause .     just last month , craig walking cooly through smokey debris moments after a massive move magic explosion erupted on a mexico city street .
once a super typhoon , maysak is now a tropical storm with 70 mph winds .     it could still cause flooding , landslides and other problems in the philippines .
the overturned car was smoldering on a new jersey roadway when police arrived .     it burst into flames shortly after they pulled out the unconscious driver .
boko haram has killed thousands in the nation 's northeast since 2009 .     aid agencies are scrambling to provide the refugees with clean water , shelter , food and education .
despite ` keeping a low profile ' crystal o'connor and her father kevin o'connor went on fox news to discuss their controversial comments .     crystal , who told a reporter that she would not cater a gay wedding , revealed on thursday she has never catered any wedding .     when asked if they 'll re-open kevin said he initially shut down because he ` could n't tell if they were getting real orders '     crystal added that they 'll 're - open soon ' but said she did n't know when .     revised indiana law : no one has the legal right to ` refuse to offer or provide ' goods , services , facilities or employment to anyone in previously protected classes or based on sexual orientation or gender identity '
the robot fanuc cr-35ia was engineered by a company in coventry .     it is designed to be used alongside humans without safety fences .     uses vision technology to look for humans and stops if it touches them .     could be used in warehouses to lift heavy items up to 77 lbs -lrb- 35kg -rrb- .
khloe kardashian posted a photo to instagram during monday night 's riots that said : ` pray for baltimore '     despite getting over 400,000 likes , the post drew criticism that she was insincere and unable to relate to the issues due to her privileged background .     other critics felt she should focus her prayers elsewhere , such as the victims of the nepal earthquake .     just 30 minutes later she tweeted that she was : ` damned if i do . damned if i do n't ' , and asked : ` now it 's wrong to pray ? '     the instagram post has since been deleted .     protests about the unexplained death of freddie gray have now spread to six american cities .
celtic lost their scottish cup semi-final to inverness caledonian thistle .     the glasgow club wrote to the sfa to complain about a penalty decision .     they were angered by the referee 's failure to award a penalty for handball .     celtic striker leigh griffiths complained they were ` robbed ' at hampden .     adrian durham : man utd need gareth bale to give them needed dynamism .
ryan bertrand was fifth left back to be called up by england last month .     bertrand only included after injuries to leighton baines , luke shaw and danny rose .     he replaced kieran gibbs in second half away in italy .     bertrand belives he should be higher up the england pecking order .
former arsenal star ellen white scored brilliantly against her old team .     two county players appeared to mess up free kick , before white scored .     but white also missed a penalty as arsenal equalised .
michael vaughan in the frame to replace paul downton .     former england captain has a chequered past with peter moores .     moores insists there are no personal issues between he and vaughan .     downton was sacked as managing director of england cricket .
perth 's joyce tabram was admitted to fiona stanley hospital on march 30 .     she spent five days not eating because doctors told her to fast for testing .     ms tabram , 82 , had a swollen abdomen but was not tested up until april 3 .     she asked to be discharged and is expected to be tested later this week .     the frail , elderly woman has called on the hospital to be closed down .     but wa 's health minister said hospital doctors had acted appropriately .
leicester can move out of the drop zone by beating burnley on saturday .     nigel pearson 's side were bottom of the table on christmas day .     the foxes have won last three league games on the bounce .
fans on the georgia course have adapted by going back to the future and using their pocket-sized digital or their old 35mm cameras .     fans will have to put them back on the shelves when the action starts for real on thursday at the masters .
juan arango escaped punishment from the referee for biting jesus zavela .     he could face a retrospective punishment for the incident .     arango had earlier scored a free kick in his team 's 4-3 defeat .
ivana chubbuck , 62 , is known as the ` celebrity whisperer ' and hones talent .     she 's a therapist and acting coach and runs a drama school in los angeles .     chubbuck counts beyoncé , eva mendes and brad pitt among her clients .
prosecutor said michael and rosalia juskin had ` domestic issues '     a relative , who was not inside the home during the apparent murder-suicide , discovered the bodies and called police .     one relative claimed michael juskin was suffering from dementia and another said he was ` not well '
the youngster 's mother left the wheelchair in the lobby of their building on merrimac drive in maryland as usual on sunday evening since it 's easier to carry her son to their second floor apartment .     but when she went to retrieve the stroller the following morning , it had reportedly disappeared .     prince george 's county police have released a piece of surveillance footage which shows a person pushing the empty chair in a parking lot .
the woman , named dawn , was appearing on itv 's the jeremy kyle show .     accused her close friend and house-mate jamie of stealing # 207 .     the money had been set aside for a grave stone for baby daniel james .     a sobbing dawn revealed that the baby was the seventh she has lost .     the jeremy kyle show , weekdays at 9.25 am on itv .
milano had pumped while on plane .     travelers are asked to carry only what they need .
body discovered in pontypridd property identified as tracey woodford , 47 .     she is thought to have been attacked in woodland before being taken to flat .     she was ` liked and loved by all ' and would ` help anyone ' , family said .     man named locally as christopher may , 50 , charged over the murder .
a trip to the town of gorkha shows the human toll of the earthquake .     international teams are assisting nepalese medical staff , officials .
icelandic duo has created a snack that is made using cricket flour .     called the jungle bar it also contains dates , sesame seeds and chocolate .     cricket flour is said to be a good source of protein and other nutrients .     the duo hopes it will encourage people in the west to eat more insects .
roads out of kathmandu are damaged but passable .     even close to the capital , aid is taking forever to trickle through .     east of the city , the village of ravi opi counts the cost of devastation .
bulgaria 's black sea resorts cheaper than hotspots in italy , spain and turkey .     researchers found cheapest destination using ` imaginary shopping basket '     cheap prices are driven by low exchange rates and country 's high inflation .     its most popular resort of sunny beach copies those of spain and greece .
lord janner signed over the deeds of his flat in hampstead north london .     the transfer happened after police raided his office in the house of lords .     documents show the deeds were passed without charge to his children .     lawyers representing his alleged victims have asked for answers .
31 per cent of british men say they have never washed their own car .     only 12 per cent that have cleaned their own car say they do it regularly .     rise in hand car washes on local forecourts blamed for art dying out .
pelvic organ prolapse occurs when tissue in the womb becomes weak .     many who suffer the painful condition are only offered hysterectomies .     but the surgical removal of reproductive organs ends fertility in patients .     now one gynaecologist claims thousands undergo operation needlessly .     jonathan broome says more should be offered half-hour key hole surgery .     sacrohysteropexy uses a sling to lift and hold the womb back in place .
ed miliband will announce that he has ` clear , credible plan ' on immigration .     but yvette cooper refused to say labour would put target on net migration .     shadow home secretary only said she wanted it lower than current 300,000 .     during labour 's 13 years in power , foreign-born population rose by 3.6 m .
journalist sarah ivens , 39 , tells of her struggle to get pregnant aged 34 .     the mother-of-two tried for years before having a child .     she believes women need to be more aware of the difficulty of conceiving .
charlie kwentus , 42 , from webster groves , missouri , was granted his dying wish by the annie 's hope bereavement center for kids .     the charity provided all of his family with star treatment for the day , with black tie makeovers and limousine included .     footage from the event shows kwentus dancing with his daughters maren , aged nine , and zoe , 13 , before stopping to give a heartfelt speech .     kwentus was diagnosed with oligodendroglioma several years ago and recently decided to stop treatment .
one of only seven commissioned by ministry of technology in 1967 to visit factories promoting new technologies .     owned by transport trust until 1975 then sat in essex field in for 14 years until rescued by former owner in somerset .     ollie halls and emma giffard bought it in 2005 for just # 1,200 and spent # 35,000 and five years on total restoration .     since then it has toured the country showing vintage footage and even starred in tv and radio programmes .     re-united with lost trailer after 23 years thanks to call ` out of the blue ' - which had been being used as a wood shop .     now on sale on ebay for # 120,000 as parents no longer have time to run the cinema which has ` taken over our lives '
two of cournswood house 's owners had bletchley park connections .     first was naval cryptographer and enigma codebreaker dillwyn knox .     sharon constancon is related to leon family who once owned bletchley .     cournswood house , in south buckinghamshire , has pool , lakes and gym .
dawn bainbridge , 47 , and her daughters made # 50,000 from shoplifting .     three women stole clothes and sold them on facebook page for profit .     bainbridge was described as ` fagin ' character and the ` villain of the piece '     women do n't own any assets so were ordered to pay back just # 1 each .
shannah kennedy and lyndall mitchell are ` thelma and louise of wellness '     the pair have decades of life coaching and retreat experience .     run a course called the masterclass of wellness : the boardroom retreat .     teach mindfulness to ceos and executives across australia .     clients include nab , macquarie bank , sportsgirl , pwc and kikki.k .     skills taught include dealing with stress , and accumulative mindfulness .
sarah stage , 30 , welcomed james hunter into the world on tuesday .     the baby boy weighed eight pounds seven ounces and was 22 inches long .     during her pregnancy sarah was criticised for her trim figure and abs .
ivan rakitic celebrated st george 's day with his wife and daughter .     the barcelona midfielder played the whole game in tuesday 's psg win .     barcelona lead la liga by two points and are in champions league semis .     click here for sportsmail 's lowdown on the champions league final four .     who will win the champions league ? our reporters have their say ...
hand-written cardboard signs appear on lampposts in milford , surrey .     mystery surrounds who created then and the reason behind the gesture .     signs asked the intended recipient to ` forgive me ' and recall their first date .     others contained declarations of love and said ` i 've never been happier '
nitrogen gas causes a quick loss of consciousness and then death from lack of oxygen , oklahoma says .     the state 's executions are on hold while the u.s. supreme court reviews the state 's use of lethal injections .
prague 's new metro extension transports travellers closer to the airport .     they are forced to transfer to buses to travel the final five miles .     but they must climb a set of stars because there is no escalator to buses .     an escalator was constructed but it leads to an unbuilt train station .
chancey luna convicted of murder for gunning down oklahoma college student as he jogged .     police : luna and his friends `` were bored '' so they decided to kill somebody .
randy johnston , 68 , from dallas , texas , decided to leave two ` fake feces ' on his granddaughters ' beds .     his son then went about filming the moment of discovery .     but footage shows that the prank turned out to be decidedly disastrous , with randy 's six-year-old granddaughter porter crying in horror .     randy , an attorney , told daily mail online that he staged the prank in revenge for one his granddaughters pulled on him earlier in the day .
during exchanges with marr , chancellor repeatedly ducked questions .     mr osborne only said it would come from conservatives ' ` balanced plan '     labour deputy leader harriet harman said the promise was ` illusory '
paul bakewell , 35 , arranged for partner tara barber , 32 , to drive by .     bakewell , from walsall , told friends and family to hide on other side of road .     billboard was 20ft-tall and 30ft-wide , on side of a34 in walsall , west mids .
cressida , 26 , models british fashion house 's spring/summer 15 range .     shows off impressive dance moves in shoot .     accomplished actress and dancer to star in harvey weinstein 's tulip fever .
b.b king is now out of the hospital and back at home .     bluesman suffered from dehydration and exhaustion after a 2014 show in chicago .     b.b. is short for blues boy , part of the name he used as a memphis disc jockey .
charles collins , 28 , saved elderly alfred mcnamee after he fell onto tracks .     leaped onto rails at subway stop in philadelphia and helped him escape .     identity was revealed this week after wednesday rescue .     collins visited mcnamee , who has several broke bones , in hospital .
gareth blanks was beaten as he walked home from the shops in truro .     the 31-year-old has autism and police confirmed that he is vulnerable .     three men and a woman began punching and kicking him for no reason .     police believe that the four attackers are all in their late teens or early 20s .
gang hatched an audacious plot to rob guanghui temple in north china .     plan involved renting restaurant across the street and digging 70m tunnel .     but before they could breach temple , police were tipped off about the heist .     5 men were arrested including the gang 's leader , a well-known artefact thief .
cui hongfang hit the back of her head on a corner of the stone wall .     police have ruled it an accident , but are still investigating .     victim 's family said the tourist was running on a steep section of the wall .
ryuichi kiyonari bettered the donington park lap record on sunday .     japanese rider powered in a scorching time of one minute 29.455 seconds .     shane bryne finished less than a quarter of a second downÂ .
miller : the former secretary of state has to decide whether she 's going to differ with barack obama 's handling of foreign policy .     he says her experience overseas could be an asset as long as she does n't get ensnared by controversy over obama policies .
moviegoers are tearing up during the emotional ending of `` furious 7 ''     the movie 's end is a tribute of sorts to actor paul walker , who died during filming .
saudi arabia has launched airstrikes against rebels in yemen .     ali alahmed : results of saudi campaign unlikely to be positive .
new app , honest , allows users to pose questions and remain anonymous .     users can post questions they 're too embarrassed to discuss with friends .     questions cover sexual dysfunction , secret crushes and family dilemmas .     other users weigh in with their advice about how to handle sensitive issue .
linsey starred in season 12 of the show , which was filmed in chicago .     she was kicked off in the second episode after getting into a fight with contestant jada cacchilli and a cameraman .     no details or cause of death have been released .     jada tweeted a tribute to her former castmate , saying ` we may not have been friends but we shared an experience most will never have '
mick tabone and gregory the crocodile shared a 20 year long friendship .     mr tabone captured the croc in 1989 after he caught it stealing cattle .     gregory lived at johnstone river crocodile farm in far-north queensland .     each day mr tabone would sit on the croc 's back while chatting to him .
california supplies more than three-quarters of world 's almond market .     but the state is now in its fourth year of drought and there is growing anger .     growers - who need a gallon of water to make a nut - are still planting trees .     anger that the almond industry has been left to expand its orchards .
satire puppet show depicts prince george as a ` blinged-up rascal '     duke and duchess of cambridge seen worrying about ` common ' son .     prince puppet seen addressing female doctor with ` oi , oi ! hello treacle '
democrat campaigners jared milrad and nate johnson , from chicago , illinois , had their summer wedding plans featured on clinton 's video .     the couple will get married in a chicago park bordering lake michigan then have their reception at a local lgbt community center .     both plan to donate financially to clinton 's presidential campaign fund .
stephanie scott 's grieving father has spoken out about their pain .     he says it is difficult to be surrounded by reminders of her wedding whilst cruelly planning for a funeral .     leeton parents say their children are devastated by teacher 's murder .     police discovered a body in nearby bushland on friday afternoon .     an autopsy will now be conducted to determine the cause of death .     police will contact authorities in holland for a background check on accused killer , vincent stanford , who was charged with murder .
australian prime minister skols a beer with celebrating football players .     video shows tony abbott drinking the beer in six seconds .     the prime minister has been criticised by anti-drinking campaigners .     they say the prime minister should n't be glorifying binge drinking .     ` it sets up a culture that drinking is n't about socialising with friends , it 's about how quickly and how much you can drink . '     criticism also levelled at media and officials who made light of the event .
shocking images show men being savagely executed in homs province .     executioners embraced the two victims before stoning them to death .     bloodthirsty crowds are seen in the desert clearing to watch the atrocity .     men were executed after isis militants accused them of being a gay couple .
plan hatched for chief secretary to the treasury to go to house of lords .     polls suggest he is on course to lose his seat to the scottish nationalists .     but he is a close ally of nick clegg and worked well with george osborne .
bolton-based direct assist has gone into liquidation after receiving the fine .     more than 800 concerns registered about the company in just 18 months .     firm plagued households offering people access to solicitors for claims .
hackett 's father said son 's life was threatened by ` associate of criminals '     the threats , made two years ago , were not reported to police .     instead , neville hackett said his son turned to stilnox sleeping pills .     it comes almost a week after hackett made his comeback by earning a spot in the 2015 world titles relay team .
chelsea 's under 19 side are hoping to become second team to win final .     holders barcelona won the inaugural version of the youth competition .     dominic solanke , izzy brown and ruben loftus-cheek are all likely to start .     click here for all the latest chelsea news .
the large hadron collider has spent the past two years being upgraded .     it started operation again today and will soon have nearly twice as much energy as it used to .     the restart was delayed for nearly two weeks by a short circuit .     scientists hope to unravel the mysteries of dark matter , which makes up 84 % of the universe but has never been detected before .
manchester united beat manchester city 4-2 at old trafford on sunday .     ashley young , marouane fellaini , juan mata and chris smalling scored .     not many would have expected them to be key men for louis van gaal .     james ward-prowse can reach the top if he adds goals to his game .     i 've got a sneaky feeling one of the promoted teams will survive .     aaron lennon looks happy at everton and he could move permanently .     aaron cresswell scored one of the free-kicks of the season against stoke .     yannick bolasie is terrorising defenders with his blistering speed .     francis coquelin and harry kane show clubs do n't need to spend big .     have tottenham really improved this season under mauricio pochettino ?     visiting augusta showed just how dedicated you must be to be the best .
comedian tamale rocks filmed discovery of the deceptive mirror .     owner of cigars and stripes , in chicago , is unapologetic about it .     ronnie lotz says people who do n't like the mirror can ` stay home '     police are investigating the incident .
wigan will be relegated to league one if they fail to beat brighton at home .     bristol city can win league one with victory against coventry on .     find out which club clubs can win promotion ... and go down this weekend .
increasing costs mean few owners can keep up with looking after a horse .     with dwindling buyers more horses than ever are being abandoned .     last year , the rspca alone took in 1,500 , many of them family pets .
animal traders had kept terrified three-year-old in the box for two weeks .     they 'd been trying to find a buyer for the chimp on lucrative black market .     men stopped at checkpoint trying to cross into sierra leone from guinea .     guinea is a hub of wildlife trafficking , but prosecution rates are low .
officer michael slager is being held at charleston county jail .     housed in housed in a room with one small window and does not have any interaction with any other detainees at charleston county jail .     slager , 33 , is charged with murder after opening fire on walter scott , 50 , after reportedly stopping him over a broken tail light in north charleston .     dashcam footage shows scott running from his car after being pulled over .     minutes later slager shot him in the back in a nearby park .
joe root has been terrific to bounce back from a difficult time in australia .     root 's 182 * in the first innings in grenada showed he is a steely competitor .     he looks a natural no 3 , but england should n't move him from current spot .     the captaincy always wears players down , and it is n't his time yet .     ben stokes is right to be passionate , but needs to keep his cool as well .
weight-loss expert dr sally norton gives her verdict on six superfoods .     from sour cherries to avocado , cranberries to pumpkin seeds .     some are high in antioxidants while others reduce risk of heart attack .
two people treated at the scene after ` boris buses ' crash in goodge street .     an audi tt sports car was also involved in the four-vehicle collision .     the road was closed near the junction with tottenham court road .     eyewitness : at one point 15 buses stuck in queues before diverting area .
madison hurd , from seward , nebraska , was hospitalized with sepsis .     hurd had heart problems and knew she would n't make it to the prom .     but nurses decorated her room in the same great gatsby-theme , did her nails , hair and makeup and laid her dress over her hospital gown .     hurd 's boyfriend also flew out from alabama with a tux and corsage .
alexander kutner travelled with his sky presenter mum , kay burley .     they stayed at the ulusaba reserve in south africa 's sabi sands .     the stay at cliff lodge had luxury furnishings , soft sheets and a chef .
a new poll has asked brits and americans questions about the royal baby .     both nationalities favour a girl and want her to be a good role model .     uk 's top names are charlotte and alice , while us likes diana and elizabeth .
winchester council in hampshire claimed annual clean-up hit by new rules .     but the health and safety executive denied tightening rules and added that councils were ` over-interpreting ' legislation .     poet laureate sir andrew motion accused town hall bosses and highways agency of ruining the countryside by failing to remove rubbish .
steve tempest-mitchell had gastric bypass surgery to shrink his stomach .     the 56-year-old took drastic measure after tipping the scales at 32st .     bradford father-of-three was struggling to control diabetes .     almost housebound and was consuming eight cans of fizzy drinks a day .     had to be helped onto a plane in a wheelchair or special buggy .
avengers star made remarks about alejandro gonzalez inarritu .     the 51-year-old won best director for birdman at this year 's oscars .     said in an interview last year superhero films represent ` cultural genocide '     downey jr said for a spanish-speaking man to use a phrase like that ` speaks to how bright he is '     comments come just days after he walked out of a tv interview in britain .
the 58-year-old actress revealed her diagnosis in a statement on tuesday .     she explained that doctors initially failed to find the cancer but that it was discovered after she sought out a second opinion .     she underwent surgery last week with hanks by her side and she is expected to make a full recovery .     wilson took medical from the broadway play ` fish in the dark ' earlier this month but is expected back on stage in may .
a truck driver has been caught on camera intimidating road drivers .     the driver was laughing while tailgating the men and flashing his lights .     the incident started on warringah road and continued for 8.5 km .     truck company ac & s say they have disciplined the driver .
kensington palace has revealed details of plans in place for royal birth .     william will remain in norfolk and faces a two-hour hospital dash .     kate , meanwhile , remains in london close to the lindo wing .     the couple have thanked people ` around the world ' for good luck notes .     also said that prince george is ` excited ' about the impending birth .     the couple also say that they wo n't be hiring a second nanny .
robert bates said he meant to subdue a suspect with a taser but accidentally shot him .     the preliminary hearing is scheduled for july 2 .     the judge said bates was free to travel to the bahamas for a family vacation .
chelsea forward tammy abraham nets first-half double for chelsea .     dominic solanke adds a third late on as chelsea look set to win trophy .     manchester city struggle without injured star thierry ambrose .     read : mourinho warns his young chelsea players he can not play them all .     click here to read our match report from man city 's academy stadium .
amedy coulibaly stormed jewish store before being shot dead by police .     hostages - including child , 3 , and baby - survived by hiding in cold store .     lawyer claims broadcasters endangered their lives by revealing location .     he said jihadist was following coverage of his raid on different channels .
it has long been known that earth is constantly oscillating and ` humming '     earthquakes cause a certain level of hum , but a study claims different sized ocean waves also contribute to earth 's oscillations .     as water collides , it creates weak microseismic waves that cause a hum .     stronger seismic waves then occurs when water travels along the floor .
rspca officers discovered five illegal pit bull terrier-type dogs at farm .     footage shows the scarred animals were held in electrical shock collars .     they were covered in injuries and kept in appalling urine soaked cages .     three men involved in illegal dog fights have been fined a total of # 40,000 .
u.s. army staff sgt. julian mcdonald of columbus , ohio has adopted a 4-year-old dog named layka who protected him in afghanistan .     despite being injured in 2012 , layka completed the mission with her team and her wounds were treated upon her return to safe territory .     ` she was the sole reason why i was living and breathing and able to come home to my son and wife , ' said mcdonald of his four legged partner .
toddler filmed beating her chest at the silverback at a nebraska zoo .     gorilla then takes a run at the glass - and hits it with such force it cracks .     the footage captures the terrified family running for their lives .     video of thursday 's incident has got 126,000 views since it was uploaded .
driver and vehicle licensing agency abolished paper tax disc last autumn .     car tax now automatically cancelled whenever vehicle changes ownership .     official figures show use of clamping soared from about 5,000 vehicles a month before the changes to well over 8,000 now .     critics say many targeted are innocent drivers unaware of rule change .
thieves raided supermarkets and electrical shops during 55-day spree .     four-man gang used pink umbrellas for disguise and fled in getaway cars .     they also threatened shop workers with hammers , knives and screwdrivers .     liam bell , 19 , marcus morgan , 21 , ashleigh evans , 26 and 22-year-old trea richardson , all from west midlands , pleaded guilty to conspiracy to rob .
aubrey de grey , 51 , believes he will unlock secrets to huge advances in life .     the former harrow school and cambridge scholar is a biomedical theorist .     he has a hugely rich and influential following in calfornia 's silicon valley .     raised in chelsea , he inherited # 11million when his mother passed away .     it 's been invested in his strategies for engineered negligible senescence .     the eccentric claims : ` aging is a disease that can and should be cured '
men wearing neo-nazi symbols crashed melbourne reclaim australia rally .     reclaim australia believes country should stand up against ` islamisation '     anti-racism group were also in attendance to counter-protest against reclaim australia .     the neo-nazis , some with swastika tattoos , attempted to intimidate anti-racism protester .     photographer captured the moment a brave man stood up to the neo-nazi .
former tory pm warns snp would use role in government to breakup uk .     snp leader accuses him of being ` silly and over the top ' in speech .     polls suggest snp will prop up a labour minority government .
the largest mosque in the middle east , the grand mosque in abu dhabi is as stunning on the inside as the outside .     amateur british photographer julian john visits the prayer halls as often as he can to capture their ornate beauty .     the impressive structure took almost 10 years to build and over 30,000 workers , only reaching completion in 2007 .
ernst haas , a celebrated 20th-century photographer , was a regular on movie sets .     his work from the industry has been brought together in a new book , `` ernst haas : on set ''
peter alliss says anti-discrimination laws have caused membership fall .     some clubs only allowed women at restricted times but for lower fares .     alliss says law change has made fees equal and many women ca n't pay .     equality act applies to clubs with mixed memberships . male-only golf clubs are still legal .
rory mcilroy admitted recently he was ` obsessed with the gym '     sir nick faldo warned the world no 1 against bulking up .     the pair shook hands at augusta national during monday 's practice .     mcilroy is bidding to complete the career grand slam by winning masters .
debra lobo , 55 , is unconscious but is expected to survive after being shot thursday , police say .     she is vice principal of the jinnah medical and dental college in karachi .     police : she was on her way to pick up her daughters from school when she was shot .
the least known of the dutch cities , the hague was a village until 1806 .     it owes its growth to louis bonaparte , napoleon 's brother , who ruled here .     the city has a wealth of art , including vermeer 's ` girl with a pearl earring '
protesters clashed with anti-racism activists at rallies across australia .     the anti-islam protests were against sharia law and the so-called halal tax .     clashes turned ugly and several people required medical treatment in melbourne .
australian mp andrew robb says he would put a pen in his mouth to smile .     government minister did so to trick his brain into releases endorphins .     mr robb battled depression much of his life , before seeking help in 2009 .     prevention and treatment of mental illness is key , says labor 's anna burke .
merrion square was the favourite in the 4.20 at wincanton on wednesday .     horse suffered a wobble that threw jockey lewis ferguson in a freak fall .     trainer paul nicholls confirmed the jockey escaped unharmed .
angela kelly suffered the painful legacy of a lifetime wearing high heels .     she had arthritis in her early 30s but would n't kick her heel habit .     four years ago , at 63 , she had have a titanium knee replacement .
iraq veteran stan cole filmed swirling wall of wind in loraine , west texas .     vortex was gulping up dust and hurling chunks of mud around fields .     landspout is technical term of a tornado not attached to a thunderstorm .
manchester united signed a # 750million , 10-year kit deal with adidas .     but the old trafford club will have to wear old nike kit on us tour .     united are expected to stage a 12-day tour of the us west coast .     there is no buy-out agreement in nike 's current deal which ends in july .
mother was at charity easter egg hunt at melbourne 's caulfield racecourse .     a volunteer at the event on saturday told her to stop taking too many eggs .     she told the 13-year-old to ` f *** off ' and continued to deny she was doing it .     but she became so rowdy security guards had to throw her out of the hunt .     the easter event was held to raise money for zaidee 's rainbow foundation .     foundation aims to make people more aware of organ and tissue donation .
lz granderson : people keep looking for new reasons to validate apathy and explain away racism .     but what happened in baltimore did n't come up overnight ; artist jacob lawrence depicted the same story in 1940s .
celebrities can make travel seem effortless and glamorous on social media .     stars experience the same airport mishaps regardless what they pay .     the rooney 's luggage was ransacked and naomi campbell 's was lost .
a new mother was shocked to receive a scathing letter .     unsigned letter slammed her for posting too much on facebook about her baby .     letter to jade ruthven claimed to come from her friends .     she chose to respond by posting even more photos of her baby to take a stand against the bullies .     she has no idea who sent the cruel letter or why they chose to be so mean .
ashley jiron , is the owner of p.b. jams in warr acres in oklahoma .     she noticed someone had been looking through her bins for food .     she posted a note on her diner window inviting them in for a free meal .
the 44-year-old came under fire last month after she tweeted ` ten rape prevention tips ' aimed at male attackers .     in the levo league 's ask4more campaign video , sarah recalls a time she was discriminated against because of her gender .
the wedding of murdered stephanie scott had been booked at the picturesque eat your greens venue on saturday .     the venue is 2km outside the tiny town of eugowra , in new south wales ' central west region .     120 people had been invited to ms scott and her fiance aaron leeson-woolley 's wedding .     instead the guests had to make their way to ms scott 's memorial service on the couple 's big day .     the popular teacher was last seen on easter sunday and a body was found on friday .     police have charged school cleaner vincent stanford , 24 , with the 26-year-old teacher 's murder .
president barack obama became the first president to visit jamaica since president ronald reagan in 1982 on thursday .     he met the world-class sprinter when they did his signature pose .     obama also gave a special mention to triple-world champion shelly-ann fraser-pryce and bolt while speaking during town hall meeting .
candice bergen 's competition for her dad 's affection was not with a sibling - it was with his iconic sidekick dummy charlie mccarthy .     ` charlie had his own bedroom next to mine -- and his was bigger '     she and french director louis malle had been ` crazy in love '     her role on murphy brown made her a fortune .     real estate developer second husband was suffocating and she reacted with tiny tantrums .     she 's packed on 30 pound and says ` no carb is safe -- no fat either '
virgil van dijk was on holiday in dubai while holland played two games .     young celtic defender has n't been called up since last year .     ronny deila says it is n't due to standard of scottish football .     team-mate jason denayer made his belgium debut against israel .
the todd family died sometime between march 28 and april 6 .     rodney todd , 36 , lived in the princess anne , maryland home with his seven children , aged six to 15 .     the six-hour funeral brought 1,200 people together to pay their respects .     todd and his children were poisoned in their sleep after a power company discovered a stolen meter and cut off electricity to their rental home .     todd had bought a generator and put it in his kitchen to keep his two sons and five daughters warm .
the organizers of the protest at mcguffey high school encouraged anyone who shared their bigoted stance to show support by wearing a flannel shirt .     the event was held last thursday and students report that openly gay pupils were also physically bullied .     a number of the anti-gay protesters proudly shared photos of them wearing flannel shirts on social media platforms such as instagram .     thursday 's event appeared to be a reaction to a day of silence events for bullied lbgt students held the previous day .
the research looked at pomc neurons that work toregulate appetite .     when pomc neurons are absent , animals and humans grow obese .     this also happens when genes inside the pomc cells are n't working .
the stylish sisters ` how two live ' collaborate with print and shoe brands .     the collaboration is with us company ' print all over me ' that lets you design and customise a print to wear or sell commercially .     also featured is buffalo shoes , makers of the spice girls platforms .     the vibrant sisters have 111,000 fans on instagram .
ringling brothers barnum and bailey circus announced that it will no longer have elephants in the show starting in 2018 .     the elephants will be taken to the ringling brothers elephant conservation center in central florida .     some will live their lives out there while others will be used for breeding .
jordan henderson is set to sign an improved deal with liverpool .     the 24-year-old midfielder has 14 months left on his current contract .     henderson could replace steven gerrard as club captain this summer .     liverpool will resume talks with raheem sterling at the end of the season .     read : liverpool launch bid to rival man utd for psv 's memphis depay .
woman drove red peugeot towards southend on london-bound stretch .     several cars crashed as she drove wrong way on a13 .     man was left with neck and back injuries after swerving out of the way .     incident closed busy stretch for more than an hour causing big tailbacks .
vanessa moe presented as part of the st george new generation show .     models walked runway with plastic moulds over their heads .     show attendees appeared to be more transfixed with them than clothes .
michael hanline , 69 , was convicted in 1980 for murder of jt mcgarry .     new dna evidence proved he was innocent and he was released last nov. .     on wednesday , a judge dismissed the charges against him .     california innocence project posted video of him on day of his release .     moment he ate his first burger at a carl jr 's restaurant after being wrongfully imprisoned is captured as well as his first steps of freedom .     on thursday , carl 's jr announced they were giving hanline a year of free burgers .
michelle mone bought glasgow duplex after split with ex-husband michael .     tycoon had extensive work done and the home is now worth # 1million .     she is selling and will move back into mansion she shared with michael .     couple put the five-bedroom ` dream home ' on market following 2011 split .
swedish home furnishings company have launched ` wedding online '     guests need webcams and their faces are pasted on to virtual bodies .     couples choose wedding themes including fairy tale , beach , high society .
royston coates was jailed for 10 years for holding down a man while his friend stabbed him in a random attack .     but he has posted a series of photographs of himself on facebook .     social media account has now been shut down by prison authorities .     comes a day after a convicted murderer was pictured partying with illegal alcohol in a film which he shared online .
models like cindy crawford and jerry hall were huge stars in 80s and 90s .     they walked for all of the biggest designers , including chanel and armani .     their daughters are now becoming the toast of the fashion world .     femail looks at the new breed of supermodel daughters .
louis van gaal handed andres iniesta his barcelona debut .     spaniard thanked the trust the manchester united manager placed in him .     iniesta claims 2009 champions league success was one of his best finals .     barcelona defeated chelsea and man utd on the way to rome victory .     frank ribery : van gaal is a bad man !
lydia ko posted a round of 71 in first round of the ana inspiration .     the 17-year-old equalled annika sorenstam 's lpga record of 29 successive rounds under par .     michelle wie stumbled with a double bogey at the 18th for a score of 73 .
fritz the golden retriever from california has made quite a name for himself with his inability to catch .     his youtube channel boasts more than five million hits .     other videos show him being thrown steak , tacos , bread rolls , pizza and donuts , with misses every time .
bruce jenner 's second wife linda thompson says she learned of his `` gender issues '' during their marriage .     she says she can breathe easier now that he can be `` who he authentically is ''
a huge gas explosion ripped through farmhouse in lincolnshire , tearing down back wall and blowing out windows .     susan house , who lives in the home , miraculously survived because she was out walking her dogs at the time .     her father has owned the property for more than half a century and said it would have to be knocked down .     a bath tub can be seen teetering over the edge of what was once the upstairs bathroom at bleak house farm .
german pensioner is pregnant with quadruplets at the age of 65 .     britain 's older mother , sue tollefsen , thinks decision is ` selfish in a way '     she had daughter freya , now seven , when she was 57 .     regrets that she may not have as much time with her daughter .
charlie austin revealed that joey barton ignored him on his first day .     the pair are good friends now following the hilarious incident .     the 25-year-old says qpr ca n't afford to lose in their double header .     austin is delighted and humbled to be fourth in the goalscoring charts .     click here for all the latest queens park rangers news .
they cheered calls for more public spending and defences of immigration .     when ukip leader nigel farage said they were prejudiced , he was booed .     host david dimbleby pointed out that audience wad n't selected by the bbc .     but by a ` reputable polling organisation ' , later to be revealed to be icm .
former secretary of state is expected to announce candidacy sunday afternoon and then hit the campaign trail .     iowa sources say democrats are preparing for hillary to barnstorm the state sunday and monday .     social media posts will be followed by video and email announcements .     new polls suggests the former first lady is slipping behind leading 2016 republican candidates in vital swing states .     new epilogue of her book ` hard choices ' reveals how becoming a grandmother inspired her to run for president .     republicans launch ` stop hillary ' ad campaign .
manchester united beat their rivals city 4-2 at old trafford on sunday .     louis van gaal celebrated the derby demolition at wing 's restaurant .     van gaal was snapped with city 's toni duggan and isobel christiansen .     city striker duggan uploaded the snap to instagram of her with van gaal .     england women 's international duggan later deleted the post .     juan mata , daley blind and ander herrera also celebrated the victory .
andros townsend an 83rd minute sub in tottenham 's draw with burnley .     he was unable to find a winner as the game ended without a goal .     townsend had clashed with paul merson last week over england call-up .
celtic are eight points clear of aberdeen in the scottish premiership .     if the gap stays the same celtic could win the title at aberdeen on may 11 .     aberdeen 's adam rooney does n't want celtic to celebrate on their patch .
bank of england governor set to run london marathon later this month .     spotted tooled up in hyde park with # 35 nathan speed 4 fuel belt .     device , carring water and energy sachets , resembles batman 's utility belt .
an author says `` avengers '' director joss whedon and `` cabin '' director drew goddard stole his idea .     peter gallagher alleges similarities to his `` the little white trip : a night in the pines '' from 2006 .
`` when a man loves a woman '' singer percy sledge dies at 73 .     sledge died tuesday morning in baton rouge , louisiana .     `` when a man loves a woman '' is cornerstone of soul music , much covered and much played .
ashleigh sokie was asked to wash one direction 's niall horan 's clothes .     niall had been staying at a house in augusta for the us open and the washing machine there broke , so miss sokie was asked to help out .     she washed clothes and took picture of herself wearing horan 's polo top .     miss sokie also claims to have kept horan 's boxer shorts for herself .
michelle gent , 50 , directed and starred in violent bondage and porn movies .     former lib dem councillor used local party hq to hold auditions for films .     her film 's titles include the exorcist chronicles and rise of the 4th reich .     violent films feature women covered in fake blood using whips and knives .
neil tuckett 's newest model on his forecourt is 90 years old - but he is still selling one model t every week .     his cars are popular with the public as well as the tv and film industry , including the makers of downton abbey .     customers love the model t because they do n't require need road tax or an mot and are cheap to maintain .     he said : ` they 're like a giant meccano set really , and so beautifully simple and reliable they just wo n't let you down '
best restaurant in the world is grant achatz 's alinea , chicago .     the awards are voted for by readers of elite traveler magazine .     the us has 19 of the best restaurants in the world , followed by france which boasts 14 and the uk , which has a mere eight .
at 41 van leeuwenhoek used his body as a guinea pig in an experiment .     vermeer spent hours peering into the box-like interior of a camera obscura .     could vermeer and van leeuwenhoek have inspired each other 's work ?
lionel messi faces tests on thursday to see if he will be fit for barcelona .     argentine star missed both games for his country with a swollen foot .     chelsea and manchester city could be keen on valencia 's jose luis gaya .     real madrid 's signing of danilo shows an intention to gamble on the future .     l'equipe speculates that radamel falcao could return to play for monaco .
michael phelps is hoping to compete a the 2016 olympics in rio .     phelps will has served a six-month suspension by usa swimming after a second drunken driving arrest last year .     29-year-old will be competing in mesa for the first time since the pan pacific championships last august .
john massung witnessed the scene thursday as he was parachuting near sebastian inlet .     the sharks pictured swarming 100 feet off the beach are thought to be blacktip or spinners - which migrate this time of year to breed .
photograph showed mysterious pair of boots behind little girl .     no one else was there , says the little girl 's father , who took the picture .     martin springall said their picture was not photoshopped .     he also said no one was standing behind the girl .     sceptics believe it could be a rocky outcrop or trick of the light .     ' i really do n't like dwelling on stuff like this , to be honest - it freaks me out '     ` i 'm about as skeptical as they come when it comes to the paranormal , so your guess is as good as mine '
real estate website zillow has released a list of america 's 15 most expensive streets based on median house price .     indian creek island road in miami , florida , came top , boasting four of forbes ' 500 richest men as homeowners .     jay z and beyonce once called the island , which is made up of enormous lots and has its own police force , home .     second was beverly park circle , california , where hollywood names such as denzel washington and eddie murphy .
pleasaunce cottage in dormans park near east grinstead has been lovingly maintained since the 19th century .     the unique property has a large veranda , original oak panelling , four bedrooms and stained glass windows .     it is one of the last surviving bungalows in britain built in the same style as original properties found in india .     in the victorian age bungalows were the reserve of the wealthy upper classes were used to escape heat of cities .
ssangyong -lrb- korean for ` two dragons ' -rrb- is launching a sports utility vehicle .     new sporty five-door family runaround has a very european name - tivoli .     suv is powered by 1.6 litre euro 6 petrol and diesel engines .
nigeria 's president-elect sends nation 's prayers to families of girls .     world still expresses hope that the girls will return .     boko haram controls a portion of northeastern nigeria .
astrophysicist amy mainzer says she was was touched by malala 's story of determination .     mainzer also works on educating children about science .
108 countries were ranked according to percentage of female managers .     over half of bosses are women in colombia , jamaica and saint lucia .     britain comes in at 41 out of 108 countries , with only 34.2 % women bosses .
shane dunn , 25 , from tunbridge wells , kent , attacked ian garrod , 55 .     he pretended to call ambulance before fleeing with victim 's possessions .     dunn caught after police found dna on cigarette ends in garrod 's garden .     he has now been jailed for 12 years after being convicted of wounding .
dr mohammad ali jawad allegedly bragged about treatment of katie piper .     patient claims he gave her vodka during an appointment at his surgery .     accused of asking her to dance before touching the top of her breasts .     the plastic surgeon who is currently in pakistan denies the allegations .
lewis hamilton won the chinese grand prix in shanghai .     the brit celebrated by spraying champagne in face of a hostess .     object , which campaigns against sexism , said he should apologise .
gemma the pit bull was filmed at home in california being fed some treats .     but in a bid to trick her , her owner throws a broccoli spear into the mix .
contrary to the abba song , napoleon did not surrender at waterloo .     templar hospice is being turned into a restaurant-cum-brewery , museum .     may sees the 75th anniversary of ` glorious failure ' of operation dynamo .
brady cited ` prior family commitments ' in bowing out of meeting with obama .     has been to the white house to meet president george w. bush for previous super bowl wins .
david cameron invited itv film crew into downing street kitchen for show .     interview also featuring his wife samantha is to be shown on itv tonight .     in show , pm is teased for appearing to confuse hit film frozen for a book .     samcam says family joke over breakfast as way of keeping pm ` grounded '
west brom chairman jeremy peace has fielded enquiries from consortia in america , china and australia .     some of the parties have already had a tour of the club 's training facilities .     peace owns 77 per cent of the premier league club and is looking to sell the club for between # 150m and # 200m .
six-year-old schoolgirl made headlines this week when she was pictured plopping her head on the table while reading with david cameron .     ed miliband , nick clegg and ed balls have all had equally awkward moments with kids .
european eagle-owl caught on camera perched on birdwatcher 's head .     large bird has been terrorising dutch town of noordeinde for months .     twitchers have flocked to the town hoping to catch sighting of bird .
carly booth took to instagram to show off her impressive bikini body .     the scottish golfer is currently in mauritius shooting for golf punk mag .     it 's not the first time booth has been in the headlines for a revealing photo .
david says daughter harper and son gideon have incredibly sophisticated tastes .     the 39-year-old actor has worked as a personal chef and attended le cordon bleu cooking school .     gideon eats everything , while harper favors ` strong ' flavors and ` anything chocolate '     though david is the cook in the family , neil is good at plating the food .
sir philip green and benedict cumberbatch also enjoy home cinemas .     costs less than # 10,000 to install the technology , according to experts .
network regains control of facebook page and one of its 11 channels .     isis logos displayed but no claim of responsibility made by any group .     network reaches 260 million homes worldwide .
heads and loose limbs are piled up on the shelves in the doll hospital , known as ospedale delle bambole in rome .     shop was built by the squatriti family sixty years ago , restoring items such as ceramic , tortoiseshell and mosaics .     descendants federico squatriti , 52 , and his 82-year-old mother gelsomina have carried on the family tradition .
a melbourne based conservationist couple launched a crowd-funding page .     within two days they received a $ 2 billion pledge which later disappeared .     the site cancelled the pledge because it was deemed suspicious .     the baffled couple still have n't tracked down the would-be benefactor .
new york cosmos will begin their north american soccer league season this weekend with a match against tampa bay rowdies .     pele and franz beckenbauer were in new york on friday to turn the empire state building green ahead of the start of the season .     the pair played for new york cosmos together in the 1970s .     the club went bankrupt in the 1980s and only returned in 2010 .
the second series is hosted by philip glenister and ant anstead .     each episode takes a look at the history of various types of car .     the pair return a number of old-bangers back to their former glory .     they also help people complete their stalled restoration projects .
five staff members sustained injuries after breaking into the super slide .     the easter show ride was closed earlier that night due to safety concerns .     officials say the slide runs ` way too fast ' in the wet weather .     one woman broke a leg while a second woman broke both her legs .     a 60-year-old man suffered broken ribs and internal bleeding .     the slide reopened once rain stopped and a safety check was completed .
laura everley had bloating , back pain , constipation and bladder problems .     thought she was suffering from irritable bowel syndrome or endometriosis .     saw a facebook post on ovarian cancer symptoms and realised she had it .     test confirmed she did have cancer and she underwent a hysterectomy .     then had chemotherapy - and lost her hair - but doctors are now confident she can beat the disease .
richie benaud died at the age of 84 after battling skin cancer .     his commentary style is considered synonymous with cricket .     sportsmail recalls 10 of his best moments in the commentary box .     read : when richie benaud welcomed viewers , they were able to relax .     click here for richie benaud tributes as cricket world mourns legend .
sydney 's ` healthy cook ' dan churchill , 25 , stars on good morning america .     former masterchef contestant has released ` dude food ' cook book in us .     churchill appeared on good morning america alongside blake lively .     the surfer-turned-chef paid homage to aussie roots with cheeky slang .
mohammaed dahbi barked orders at kassie thornton and christy spitzer .     told pair he would throw them out of new york cab if they continued .     they accused him of discriminating against them because they were gay .     yellowcab driver told them not to ` make me out to be an a ** hole '
danielle davies , 21 , from lancashire , gave birth to son harley last friday .     he weighed 11lb 5oz and nurses said he was too heavy for hospital scales .     danielle has had to throw many of harley 's newborn clothes away already .
residents in oldham were confused over growing pile of rubbish in alley .     they had begun receiving letters from the council threatening legal action .     one home owner installed cctv to find out who was fly-tipping in street .     the video revealed council workers had been discarding bin bags in alley .
charlotte li started taking selfies after feeling ` unhealthy ' after christmas .     helped motivate her to see her body becoming toned .     launched healthy selfie with husband joe who also saw results .
paddy barnes and michael conlan are competing in maiquetia , northern venezuela on saturday night .     the duo are hoping to qualify for the 2016 games in rio .     barnes and conlan box for the italia thunder team .
tourist used an eyeliner pencil to write her name and the day 's date .     italian media said the pencil did not leave any permanent marks .     famous renaissance dome was designed by architect filippo brunelleschi .     last month two americans were charged for defacing the colosseum .
satellite tv operator has ended the campaign after complaints by rival comcast that their claims could n't be substantiated .     launched last october , the ads had featured rob lowe playing a slick directv customer and an ` odd or awkward alter-ego ' who had cable .     number of inaccuracies highlighted concerning signal reliability , shorter customer service wait times , better picture and sound quality .     directv claims the campaign was always going to end at the end of q1 .
officials insist there were no weapons on board and atomic reactor is safe .     fire had started during welding , causing insulation materials to catch fire .     the russian nuclear submarine was submerged to extinguish the fire .
a hilarious note left by a chip shop owner has circulated on twitter .     in it the owner laments the fact that he has to go youth hosteling .     he jokes that his wife would have been , ` better off with saga '
mauricio pochettino has gathered a considerable reputation in england .     tottenham boss brought through the likes of harry kane and ryan mason .     the argentine manager is a godsend to fa chairman greg dyke .     sportsmail reveal which managers have most faith in young , english talent .
dnp was a chemical used in weapons in ww1 and was found to be toxic .     it was also commercially used as a pesticide and poisoned workers .     was banned as a diet pill after scientists discovered its risky side effects .     has been linked to a string of deaths as it causes people to overheat .
britain 's heatwave sends ice creams sales soaring - with some vendors seeing a 400 per cent rise in sales .     temperatures forecast to hit 21c tomorrow , with the country set to be warmer than ibiza , athens and barcelona .     but the balmy conditions could be coming to an end , with clouds , wind and a spot of rain forecast for thursday .     showers predicted to hit london on sunday as tens of thousands of runners take part in the london marathon .
twiglet the bedlington lurcher had a bad trip after accidentally eating drugs .     he found the narcotics lying on the ground near the village bus stop .     twiglet 's symptoms included hallucinating , seizures and hyper salivating .     his owner is urging pet owners to be careful about what their dogs pick up .
floyd mayweather has posted a video showing off $ 210,000 purchase .     the video shows the mercedes-maybach s600 at a number of angles .     boxing legend mayweather has an incredible collection of sports cars .     the american takes on manny pacquiao in las vegas on may 2 .     the 38-year-old is expected to get # 120million for fight with pacquiao .
zoe waller , 31 , has dermatographia and can draw designs on her own body .     condition is a type of urticaria - where an itchy rash appears after pressure .     she says it ` does n't hurt ' and draws molecules on herself to teach students .     has become famous across her university and people now make requests .
unidentified teen was released on monday from juvenile detention into custody of child protective services , district attorney said .     jondrew lachaux , 39 , and kellie phillips , 38 , face child abuse charges .     lachaux allegedly sexually assaulted the teen and she became pregnant .     four-month-old girl was released from hospital and turned over on monday to custody of child protective services .
professor john warren discovered avocado trees switch gender in hours .     the botanist said the tree displays ` unique flowering behaviour '     however , trees are usually successful in avoiding polinating themselves .
martin keown : danny welbeck 's pace might have unsettled chelsea .     john terry and gary cahill are built to deal with players like olivier giroud .     keown says chelsea captain terry 's reading of the game is better than ever .     the arsenal fans said it was boring but chelsea are doing what they need to do to win the league .     thierry henry : arsenal ca n't win title with olivier giroud in attack .
food blogger van de ven wanted to poke fun at tourist cliche pictures .     one of his finger missing the eiffel tower went viral on 4chan .     over 100 uploads have photoshopped him touching the 301m tower tip .     users created multiple memes of him in many various hilarious scenarios .
dillard was the first of the duggar daughters to be married .     her 9-pound , 10-ounce son was overdue .
jonathan trott has struggled on his test comeback against west indies .     ben stokes took to twitter to voice his frustration with a no-ball call .     former england rugby 2015 chief executive debbie jevans has made her first public appearance since that twickenham storm .
gang member was intended target of shooting which shocked uk in 2011 .     rival criminals instead shot thusha kamaleswaran , who was paralysed .     four years on , gang member admits horrific knife-point burglary .     he and an accomplice are locked up for targeting two women .
turnham primary school demands pupils sign ` agreement ' before starting .     includes line asking children to ` refrain from using ... transphobic language '     shocked parents say asking three-year-olds to sign agreement is ` bonkers '     chairman of school 's governing body apologised for any offence caused .
the former nbc nightly news anchor was suspended over false iraq story .     an internal inquiry found that he had lied in his reporting at least 11 times .     source close to nbc says he will not see job taken away without a battle .
sophia adams has been named winner of curvy kate model competition .     the ` star in a bra ' winner will feature in their next campaign and has also landed a modelling contract with plus-size agency bridge models .     launched in 2009 , curvy kate offers d-k cup lingerie , designed especially for a fuller bust .     21-year-old adams , from north west london , has a 32jj bust .
spanish football legend took to twitter to announce the listing .     bodega iniesta ' vineyard is located in castilla-la mancha , spain .     property has one bedroom with double bed , and kitchen and lounge area .     guests are warned not to be too physical with the vines .
dan kennedy : after boston marathon bombing guilty verdict , now real trial -- the sentencing -- can begin . what justice should tsarnaev get ?     he says a plea might have been better , to keep bomber out of the news and let him fade into obscurity in maximum security cell .     kennedy : the people who deserve to be remembered are victims and mit officer who was killed .
the queen crossed her fingers as ring of truth galloped home .     unfortunately , the two-year-old thoroughbred was pipped to the post .     she had another runner later in the afternoon which managed third .
warning graphic content .     rose devereux was in agony after years of alleged incompetent treatment .     49-year-old had all her lower teeth removed and needed bone grafts .     says the treatment led to host of other health problems and pain .     dentist , janakan siva , will go before a disciplinary committee .
five-month-old elijah 's parents have made him a bucket list .     mum jessica and dad andrew want him to see the world .     little elijah suffers the fatal genetic disease type 1 spinal muscular atrophy .     he was born strong but he is now ` very floppy ' and getting weaker .     the list includes a trip to queensland , a ferry ride and watching the sunset .     ` the hardest thing is seeing other happy families '
global demand soaring as people develop passion for almond-based foods .     the nuts have become california 's second biggest agricultural commodity .     the problem is that almonds guzzle water on a monumental scale .     it 's been calculated that it takes 1.1 gallons of water to grow single almond .
karl oyston will face charges next month over shocking text messages .     oyston faces a ban from footballing activity if found guilty .     he could also be handed a fine and mandatory fa education course .     blackpool chairman send abusive messages to a fan before christmas .
jade walters , 21 , loaned her horse magic to help a young girl learn to ride .     but she was horrified to discover the family looking after him sold him .     she claims it was two months before she found out he was sold for # 200 .     notoriously risky horse auctions often see animals being sold for slaughter .
researchers used seismic readings to map what is beneath yellowstone .     partly-molten rock reservoir measures 11,035 cubic miles -lrb- 46,000 cubic km -rrb- .     it sits 12 to 28 miles -lrb- 19 to 45km -rrb- beneath the national park 's supervolcano .     chamber is four times bigger than the magma chamber above it - but study said it is not posing any additional threat than it was before .
the woolworths ` fresh in our memories ' campaign launched last week .     it invited customers to upload images to remember australian soldiers .     the supermarket then added a woolworths logo and slogan to the image .     customers took to social media to mock the campaign and express their anger with what they saw as a marketing ploy by the company .     the soldier whose image was used to plug the campaign is unidentified .     all that is know about the young man is that his photo was taken sometime between 1915 and 1918 before the he embarked from australia for service .
flight from kansas city , missouri to denver , colorado , was diverted friday .     landed at colorado springs at 7.30 am - beginning six-hour ordeal .     after three hours passengers could go - but would have had to pay for new connecting flights and transport .     during long wait airplane ran low on water , food and bathroom supplies .     airline has denied it was feasible to get passengers off the flight .
in the first four months of the year , flight cancellations are up 20 % over last .     number of delays have also increased 7 % up to 2,427 so far this year .     according to euclaim , the worst offenders include : monarch and easyjet .
eben kaneshiro , 35 , found dead at deschutes county adult jail on sunday .     kaneshiro was the owner of new breed jiu-jitsu in portland , oregon .     charged with three counts each of first-degree sodomy and sexual abuse .     was arrested last week and accused of molesting boy under the age of 12 .     mma fighter was a brazilian jiu-jitsu black belt with 31 fights since 2002 .
bentley executive called new continental a ` copy ' of bentley flying spur .     luc donckerwolke put remark on designer david woodhouses ' facebook .     side windows of vehicles look similar and both models have chrome trim .     spokesman dismissed criticism and said ` continental is clearly a lincoln '     bentley defended donckerwolke and called car design ` an emotive subject '     general motors told reporters he ` liked the bentley designer 's comment '
filipe luis signed for chelsea from atletico madrid for # 16million .     the defender insists he wants to stay despite interest from former club .     brazilian has struggled to make the left back position his own this season .
luca railton was born with leg bones missing due to a medical condition .     in february 2014 , doctors said he would need to have his leg amputated .     but his family raised # 135k to take him to the us for surgery instead .     now , he is able to walk unaided and is happy he can wear skinny jeans .
a 6ft chocolate sculpture of benedict cumberbatch has been unveiled .     toothsome statue has been placed inside a london shopping centre .     but shoppers reactions to the creations were decidedly unenthusiastic .     one woman glared at it while others just looked thoroughly baffled .     it did manage to win the approval of pair of police sniffer dogs .     it weighs 40kg and took eight people 250 man hours to create .     other celebrities to get culinary tributes include jennifer lawrence .     her 6ft cake won an award - and the 24-year-old 's approval .     actor kevin bacon has also been immortalised - in bacon .
win a pair of nike magista obra boots signed by city and england no1 .     prize winner will receive band new gillette fusion proglide razor worth # 12 .     and we 'll also throw in some fusion proglide shave gel worth # 4.99 .     click here to enter the competition .
alien search team , dubbed nexss , includes scientists from 10 universities .     public could help with ` unprecedented ' search by accessing data online .     comes weeks after nasa said we will find aliens in the next 10 to 20 years .     but the likelihood that life is similar to that on earth is low , nasa claims .
manny pacquiao appeared on mario lopez 's extra show on wednesday .     that morning his hill runs and bag work were posted on instagram .     the pair , who are friends , also sang a duet of lionel ritchie hello .     the filipino champion takes on floyd mayweather jr on may 2 .
rickie lambert is likely to miss out when liverpool play arsenal .     rickie fowler has been urged to develop a nasty streak at augusta .     phil jones - can louis van gaal find his perfect position ?     roberto mancini has a huge italian job on his hands at inter milan .     but he probably enjoyed coverage of the cricket world cup in the paper .
michelle unveils sneak peak of lipsy designs ahead of launch on wednesday .     star , 27 , was unveiled as face of tanning brand recently .     shows off toned and tanned body in behind the scenes shoot .     swears by peanut butter smoothies and alkaline food delivery service .
dj and model munroe bergdorf , 27 , from east london , was born a boy .     living as a woman from 18 and started taking hormones four years ago .     now speaks out to raise awareness of the issues of being transgender .
former england captain michael vaughan is favourite to replace paul downton as director of england cricket .     kevin pietersen has backed his former team-mate to take the role .     surrey chief alec stewart would also be open to talks with the ecb .
lord fellowes , 65 , has revealed he is to turn trollope 's 1858 novel doctor thorne into a new three-part historical drama for itv .     tale considered one of his best works and is likely to attract an a-list cast .     tv insiders say hugh bonneville , who plays lord grantham in downton and lily james would be ideal as thomas thorne and mary .
an australian man has reportedly been sentenced to death in china .     bengali sherrif caught at a chinese airport allegedly attempting to smuggle .     allegedly caught with methamphetamine , which is used to make ice .     queensland man ibrahim jalloh facing the same charge will soon face trial .     three men tried in melbourne charged with smuggling drugs from china .
goalie matt o'connor knocked the puck into his own goal in third period .     mistake blew boston university 's 3-2 lead on providence in ncaa game .     after terrier let in tying goal , friars got winning goal from brandon tanev .     providence won the national championship 4-3 , the school 's first title .
david cameron will announce the new # 350 million childcare places today .     he will cut tax relief on pension contributions for those on more than # 150k .     mr cameron will tell his audience he wants to ` make hard work pay '     he will say that work rather than benefits is the best way to avoid poverty .
michael rapiejko was accused of approaching luis colon as he got out of his car in october 2005 , pointing a gun at him and threatening to shoot him .     colon , who was with his wife and four children , claimed rapiejko also handcuffed and choked him , over charges which were later dropped .     colon sued and in december 2008 was awarded $ 20,000 by the city , the same month rapiejko left the new york police department .     this as rapiejko is under fire for using possible excessive force when he mowed down an armed suspect in his police vehicle .     rapiejko , a cross fit devotee , calls himself robocop .
zara and mike tindall were at a help for heroes event in wiltshire .     cheered personal trainer rob edmond who was completing a challenge .     edmond rolled a whisky barrel 517 miles from perthshire to wiltshire .     tindall ran the final mile and says he would like to do a similar challenge .     zara strapped herself into the barrel and laughingly gave tindall a lift .
shcherbakov family has been caring for the cub after finding it alone .     cub wandered up to their gate in tulun and is unable to survive on its own .     family is hoping to find it a permanent home as it will grow into a beast .     local expert cautions against bringing wild animals into the home .
shannon hamilton was arrested on sunday attempting to build a barricade on a bridge in georgia where his 16-year-old daughter had died .     cecily and her friend taylor swing died just three weeks ago after their vehicle plunged off the bridge and into the river .     hamilton , who had grown fustrated waiting for the local authorites to act , has been charged with interference with government property .     white county commissioners have approved a motion to add guardrails , but there is no exact timetable for when construction will begin .
bikram yoga involves 26 poses performed in a room heated to 40 °c -lrb- 105 °f -rrb- .     typical sessions last 90 minutes and advocates say it improves mindfulness , flexibility , strength , muscle tone and general fitness .     20 volunteers took part in a new study to monitor body temperatures .     experts warn one man 's temperature reached 40 °c / 105 °f putting him at risk of heat exhaustion and heat stroke .
unusual egg was captured on camera by us youtube user elman511 .     shows him cracking the giant egg to reveal a normal sized one inside .     phenomenon is caused when an oocyte - which becomes a yolk - is released too soon and merges with an earlier egg that has n't been laid .
torpedo moscow fans broke down barriers and threw seats .     match suspended for seven minutes . torpedo went on to win 3-1 .     torpedo punished three times this season for racist behaviour from fans .     russian premier league have promised a ` harsh punishment '
new instagram account showcases buff , often topless , men cuddling their adorable pet pups .     launched one month ago , it boasts 148,000 followers and relies on submissions via direct messages .     owned and run by elite daily 's staff writer kaylin pound , who also created rich dogs of instagram .
a beloved dog was believed to be killed by a driver , but days later , she showed up .     left injured after being run over , someone attempted a misguided mercy killing and beat the dog in the head with a hammer .     now named theia , her surgery will cost upward of $ 9,000 .
lucy gransbury wrote a long handwritten letter to her noisy neighbours .     melbourne-based actor finally erupted after four months of sleepless nights .     also a comedian , she used her humour to tell them what she thought .     photos were taken of her throwing letter and over the fence and running off .     after a week of peace and quiet , she decided to send another note and gifts .     despite being woken by them talking twice the following sunday morning .     the cabaret artist finally received a hilarious reply from one of rowdy lads .
take part in probably the world 's largest easter egg hunts in the maze at traquair castle .     bottle feed lambs in wales .     channel your inner ray mears at hadrian 's wall .     watch fireworks to celebrate the 500th birthday of hampton court .     watch medieval jousting at hedingham castle .     tread the boards with the royal shakespeare theatre .
andy murray and long-time girlfriend kim sears will tie the knot in the scottish town of dunblane on saturday .     the british no 1 and his partner met when they were teenagers at the us open in new york in 2005 .     murray and sears confirmed their engagement last november after more than nine years together .
chelsea star eden hazard is set to make his 100th top-flight appearance .     santi cazorla should hit the same milestone when arsenal meet burnley .     both players have impressed since moving to the premier league in 2012 .     hazard has more goals this season but cazorla has one more assist .     sportsmail 's reporters choose the player who has excited them the most .
gemma , 23 , has left her children to be raised by her mother .     handed them to her 52-year-old parent when they were four months old .     spends her time partying and has ` missed out ' on seeing them grow up .     is now at risk of being banned from seeing them thanks to feckless ways .     mother debbie also says the unemployed 23-year-old has stolen from them .     the jeremy kyle show , weekdays at 9.25 am on itv .
esa craft will launch in october 2020 to a binary asteroid system .     paired didymos asteroids , will come a comparatively close 11m km .     will take high resolution pictures of surface and analyse it .     craft will watch as nasa sends a probe crashing into the asteroid 's surface .
joe allen admits , at times , challenge of playing for liverpool felt too big .     however , reds midfielder has impressed in liverpool 's recent victories .     allen is disappointed at how he coped with things when he first signed .     wales international hopes he can stay fit and show fans the best of him .
robin van persie ruled out with ankle injury for manchester united .     chris smalling a doubt but luke shaw back from hamstring complaint .     ron vlaar could make return to aston villa squad following calf injury .     joe cole and jores okore have also regained fitness for villans .
senator told face the nation same-sex marriage is n't a constitutional right .     added that it should be left up to the states to decide whether to allow it .     comments came after sparking debate following an interview with fusion .     said he does n't agree with gay marriage , but would attend a same-sex union if it was somebody he ` cared ' for .
mackey predicted what would happen to iraq if the u.s. invaded and deposed saddam hussein .     she also wrote a book credited with helping bridge gap between arabs and americans .
working out in a group of friends inspired fit nation participant erica moore .
sawyer sweeten played across from his twin brother and their sister as the children of ray and patricia barone .     report : sweeten was visiting family in texas and is believed to have shot himself .
a new zealand zoo , orana wildlife park , is giving visitors the thrilling opportunity to step into the lion 's den .     orana wildlife park in new zealand 's christchurch has installed a moving cage to bring you close to the lions .     the king of the jungle clambers over the cage , jumping onto the roof and sticking his tongue through the bars .     20 people , including visitors and zoo keepers , climb inside to have lunch with a lion for $ 40 .
an outside review found that a rolling stone article about campus rape was `` deeply flawed ''     danny cevallos says that there are obstacles to a successful libel case , should one be filed .
will out-of-date sun lotion protect your skin from sun damage ?     can you keep using last summer 's bite cream ?     alice smellie finds out which summer supplies we need to restock .
a ch-53e super stallion helicopter was forced to make an emergency landing on a north san diego county beach wednesday morning .     the crew landed the helicopter - the largest and heaviest in the military - after a low oil pressure light came on in the cockpit .     no one was injured or anything damaged in the landing .     the helicopter parked on the back for four hours before taking off back to miramar air station .
bespoke mascara and foundation are part of the newest generation of personalised beauty products .     skincare brands are also increasingly tailored to specific needs .     harvey nichols says ` one size fits all concept simply does n't cater to customers ' individual needs at all times anymore '
the stunning photos of the butterfly wings were taken by 51-year-old linden gledhill from staffordshire .     he used a trinocular-reflecting light microscope with a canon eos 5d mark ii camera is fitted to the top .     images include close-up shots of the peacock swallowtail , a sunset moth and the mother of pearl butterfly .
poll found 45 per cent of briton lied about their spending to their partner .     one in four people do n't admit how much they really spend on themselves .     finances ` should not be a taboo subject ' urges money advice service .
brandon wyne , 17 , and courtney griffith , 18 , were pulled over for broken tail light in virginia beach in january .     police said they could smell marijuana and ordered them out of the car .     wyne agreed but on the condition nobody touch him until his mom arrive .     officer hits him , sprays him with pepper spray , stuns him with taser .     footage has emerged after griffith found it in her deleted folder .     virginia beach pd investigating conduct and evidence tampering .
male driver , 44 , struck kadeem brown , 25 , as he walked through the bronx .     brown 's body flipped over once and then went sliding until he hit the curb across the street .     cab driver suffered a seizure moments before the crash and has been stripped of his tlc license .     accident occurred on grand concourse in the bronx on march 20 .
imran uddin , 25 , used a keyboard spying device to obtain staff passwords .     final-year student hacked into exam system and upped his own marks .     he increased one of his bio-science grades from 57 per cent to 73 per cent .     uddin admitted breaking computer misuse act and was jailed for 4 months .
brondby 's superligaen game with fc copenhagen ended goalless .     ex-liverpool defender daniel agger allegedly elbowed mattias jorgensen .     former liverpool defender left anfield for his former club last summer .
crystal palace face sunderland at the stadium of light on saturday .     ex-newcastle boss alan pardew is prepared for a frosty reception .     but he believes black cats fans should be more concerned about his side .     sunderland are 15th in the table and three points clear of the drop zone .
username found after analysis of a tablet computer found at his home .     searched for information on ` bipolar ' disorder and ` manic depressive '     german aviation authority said it was never made aware of pilot 's illness .     officials told local media they only discovered problems after the crash .
indian air force and nepalese army medical team launch rescue mission to bring injured people to hospitals in kathmandu .     forshani tamang 's family carried her for four hours to reach help after she was wounded when their home was destroyed .
madelyn yensen , 94 , died five hours before husband marcus , 95 .     salt lake city couple with three children lived in same house since 1949 .     madelyn suffered seizure while holding her husband 's hand at his bedside .     marcus later died of cardiac arrest , family said .     couple met in 1940 when marcus took dance lesson from his future wife .
iranian sports official : the ban will be lifted for some events in the coming year .     but he says `` families are not interested in attending '' some sports matches .
the woman was later identified as jacqueline carr , age 65 .     still uncertain who owns the tree or was responsible for its upkeep .     carr was the vehicle 's only occupant .
the usc women 's tennis team won the pac-12 championship on thursday .     the girls defeated the women of ucla 4 - 3 .     while celebrating , they smashed and broke the trophy .
australian convicted drug smugglers myuran sukumaran and andrew chan are expected to be executed in coming hours .     celebrated artist ben quilty became their mentor and friend in 2002 .     he has campaigned tirelessly for clemency , leading the ` mercy ' campaign .     hours before their execution he penned a message to indonesian president .     he has described how the men will be a pillar of strenght for the others on death row until the last moment the guns are fires .
sonia pereiro-mendez says she was treated unfairly after getting pregnant .     mother-of-two claims she missed out on bonuses worth millions .     senior banker says she was told she was n't ' a significant long-term player '     she is suing goldman sachs for sexism and maternity discrimination .
colby ramos-francis was born with a small growth over his eyelid .     but this soon developed into a large , uncomfortable benign tumour .     parents claim nhs doctors could n't help and would n't perform surgery .     he has now successfully had the op in new york - thanks to a us charity .
linda mclean was in her elementary school classroom in tiny halfway , oregon in 2013 when she was surprised by a man in a mask with a gun .
man seen leaning out of sliding door of work van in middle of motorway .     he appeared to be laughing as he dangled leg outside of the kj rail van .     his boss says man claims he was getting some ` fresh air ' as he was unwell .     police and employers are investigating and man could face the sack .
aaronessa keaton was arrested monday and charged with manslaughter for a 2014 accident that resulted in the death of a 5-year-old child .     keaton , of phoenix , arizona , hit another car head-on while she was eight months pregnant and had marijuana and benzodiazepines in her system .     when told of the charges and the child 's death , she said ; ` sh*t happens '
paul aldridge joined the club as vice chairman and ceo in january 2011 .     aldridge had before worked at west ham , leieceter and manchester city .     glenn roeder and adam pearson are part of a new management team at sheffield wednesday .
jonathon keats , experimental philosopher , plans to photo holyoke range .     he hopes pinhole camera will capture the gradual environmental changes in the mountains near amherst college .     camera , which is filled with paint , will create image showing 1,000 years .
cockpit and front half of the white fuselage are painted with blue panels .     the words ` star wars ' , in the movie 's distinctive font , adorn the body .     designed in anticipation of the latest scheduled offering , ` star wars : the force awakens ' in december .
amanda lamb stars in the new fragrance campaign for air wick .     she is captured in the plush shoot by vogue photographer willy camden .     she offers tips on home improvements in a special video .
this is the third part of our major good health series on dementia .     we look at ways to help minimise the impact of memory problems .     for example , we need just as much sleep as we get older .     the problem is that older people find it harder to reach a deeper sleep .     when the short-term memory starts to go , it can make it hard for someone to recall what they have already done that day , such as whether they 've had breakfast , or showered , or spoken to someone .     it can help to keep a diary - a record of what has been done through the day . writing also helps encourage the cognitive processes , which can help slow down future decline .     create a memory hub - that is , a central place in the home , perhaps the dining room table or a desk , where important notes , car keys , house keys and drugs that need to be taken are kept . put things here that you want to be able to find quickly . get into the habit of having everything in this one place rather than having things scattered about the home .     get a whiteboard or blackboard - that can be used to record a timetable of what needs to be done each day that week . things that get done can be ticked off . it is another way to show what has been done , but also shows what remains to be done .     label doors , drawers , cupboards and cabinets to avoid confusion about what goes where .     have a list of the numbers of key people by the phone - your gp and other care professionals , carers , family and reliable friends .     have a daily newspaper delivered - it is a simple way of keeping aware of what is happening in the world and is a useful reminder of that day 's date .     when showering or having a bath , establish a routine as a reminder of whether your hair has been washed . for example , move the conditioner and shampoo from one side of the bath to the other once you 've used them .     eat regular meals . while other body cells can take fuel from elsewhere , the brain relies on a good supply of glucose from the blood . that 's why skipping a meal can affect reasoning , cognition and memory .     in the early stages of dementia , begin a reminiscence book to act as a reminder of key events in that person 's life and who people are . it 's a nice thing for the person with dementia and a loved one to do together . include pictures and snippets of information and date and label every entry .
rare bird was heading from south america to breeding grounds in alaska .     large shorebird - with long beak and spindly legs - last seen in uk in 1988 .     over the weekend , more than 1,000 twitchers had lined the water 's edge .
the vancouver-born actor was not injured in friday 's incident , police said .     he was walking in an underground hotel parking garage during hit-and-run .
trey moses , a kentucky high school student who has committed to ball state next year , surprised ellie meredith during her p.e. class on thursday .     he asked her to prom with flowers and a sign reading : ` let 's party like it 's 1989 ' - a reference to an album by taylor swift , ellie 's favorite singer .     she accepted and is now looking forward to going dress shopping .     moses works with teenagers with developmental disabilities through a volunteer program in louisville .
british scientists invents robotic hands able to cook a meal from scratch .     hands each governed by 24 motors , 26 micro-controllers and 129 sensors .     the # 10,000 -lrb- $ 14,000 -rrb- kitchen device will be sold from as early as 2017 .
viewers took to twitter to argue over the colour of nicola sturgeon 's dress .     miss sturgeon 's dress appeared blue in some lights and green in others .     others thought she was wearing a grey dress during last night 's debate .     the first #thedress debate was sparked by scottish student caitlin mcneill .
the footage was captured on a warm day in bali , indonesia .     tour guide cools monkey down by spraying it with water .     monkey then picks up bottle and casually unscrews the lid .     primate has drink and remarkably spills very little liquid .
staff were locked out of scooter 's coffee page starting at 5pm on sunday .     hackers plastered feed with adult cartoons and links to explicit pages .     happened after employee clicked on link purporting to be from facebook .
sawyer sweeten shot himself while visiting family in texas yesterday .     played geoffrey barone on hit show alongside twin brother and older sister .     the show 's star ray romano said he was ` shocked , and terribly saddened '     his sister madylin posted on facebook : ` at this time i would like to encourage everyone to reach out to the ones you love '
former davis high school english teacher brianne altice pleaded guilty to three counts of forcible sexual abuse involving three male students .     one victim testified that he considered married teacher to be his girlfriend during their yearlong tryst .     two of the boys have filed lawsuits against school district for failing to fire altice .     each criminal count against teacher carries 1 to 15 years in prison .
floyd mayweather takes on manny pacquiao in las vegas on may 2 .     the two men will split a $ 300m purse , with mayweather taking 60 per cent .     the fight has been five years in the making and was agreed in february .     it pits the two pound-for-pound boxers in the world against each other .     mayweather-pacquiao is 11 days away ... why are there no tickets on sale ?
the ancient jewels belonged to novelist elizabeth jane howard .     she is famous for the cazalet chronicles and marriage to kingsley amis .     the collection includes ancient egyptian hair rings dating from 1550 b.c .     howard , who died in january 2014 , often wore the jewellery .     in total , the pieces , some of which are 3,500 years old , are worth # 20,000 .
brazilian victoria 's secret angel underwent medical procedure and is still recovering in hospital .     she had been suffering ` constant headaches ' and had booked appointment two weeks ago , daily mail online told by a friend .     mother-of-two had appeared well as she spent time at coachella festival with celebrity friends including kylie jenner and gigi hadid .     procedure at ucla 's ronald reagan medical center was successful and aides said she is ` fine '     ambrosio , 34 , had posted on instagram yesterday about how much she was enjoying coachella saying : ` what a wonderful world . '
the robots , collectively called avert , are attached to a deployment unit .     unit is used to scan the area for obstacles and plan a route to the car .     it then releases bogies which travel to the car and dock onto the wheels .     system may help bomb disposal teams deal with suspicious vehicles .
saracens beat racing metro 12-11 to advance to champions cup semis .     racing were unhappy about a challenge on maxime machenaud .     saracens flanker jacques burger has been cited for the tackle .
brian cassidy was picking up trash from the parking lot of the bangor , maine store last thursday when he found the wet stack of cash .     he immediately contacted security and police were called .     they discovered that a man who worked at a nearby restaurant , ou chen , had reported losing the money while cleaning snow off his car last winter .     police returned the cash to chen and thanked cassidy for his integrity by awarding him a police deparment coin .
celtic were denied place in scottish cup final by shocking decision .     leigh griffiths ' header was blocked by josh meekings ' hand .     none of the officials managed to spot the game-changing decision .     additional officials behind goals has proved an extraordinary waste of time .     but fifa will require a higher profile blunder to change their laws .
richard sherman shared a photo of his son rayden on instagram .     rayden was born on february 5 , just a few days after sherman and the seattle seahawks lost the super bowl to the new england patriots .     rayden 's mother is sherman 's girlfriend , ashley moss .     it was just announced the seahawks would play the denver broncos in their first preseason game .
la angel josh hamilton filed for divorce from katie two months ago .     was around the same time he admitted to a drugs and alcohol relapse .     reality star insisted there was no ` big fight or blow up ' causing the split .     has maintained she still loves him and will always stand by him .
alistair mach , four , and his grandmother mai mach , 60 , were murdered .     chinese tourist cai xia liao , 45 , is charged with their murder .     fundraising page for victims ' family has raised almost $ 50,000 in one week .     the funds will help pay for their funeral and be directed to a ` good cause '     liao had allegedly been having an affair with boy 's grandfather , brian mach .     police allege liao stabbed alistair in his sleep while mr mach was gagged .
thomas piermayr has been training with blackpool this week .     austrian defender is a free agent after leaving mls side colorado rapids .     blackpool are bottom of the championship and look set to be relegated .
johnson wagner loses out to jb holmes after second playoff hole .     jordan spieth had crashed out on first hole after all three finish 16 under .     englishman paul casey is best-placed brit , finishing four shots back .
report says north korea may have as many as 20 nuclear warheads .     victor cha : washington has tended to downplay north korean threats .
the rapper/entrepreneur went `` stream of consciousness '' on twitter .     he asked users to be patient with tidal , his new music streaming service .     a parody account was set up to mock his hashtag .
` why do n't we let me explain instead of talking over me , ok ? ' he asked today 's savannah guthrie as she tried to corner him wednesday morning .     paul unleashed on on a female cnbc anchor during a line of questioning he considered ` slanted ' ; he shushed her and told to ` calm down a bit '     ' i think i have been universally short-tempered and testy with both male and female reporters . i 'll own up to that , ' he now concedes .     admission summed up the freshman lawmaker 's second day as an official 2016 contestant - a day that also included a confrontation with the chairwoman of the democratic party over late-term abortion .     paul declared that she seems to be ` ok with killing a 7-pound baby '
gareth shoulder is a member of the ` generation 2015 election youth panel '     used twitter to make disparaging remark about cameron and son ivan .     24-year-old was speaking in his own capacity , a bbc spokesman said .
xavier denamur claims most dishes in french bistro are n't made on site .     he said seven in ten meals are factory-made then reheated in microwave .     signs that france 's crown as top culinary destination in world is slipping .     french ministers admitted scheme to introduce a homemade label failed .
mahendra ahirwar , 12 , has a bent neck and his head hangs from his body .     his parents mukesh and sumitra ahirwar say they 'd rather their son died .     they claim mahendra has seen 50 doctors but none have given a diagnosis .
sir nick faldo will play in the open victory for the final time at st andrews .     tom watson will also cross the swilcan bridge for the last time this year .     it will mark 25 years since faldo won the competition and 40 for watson .
floyd mayweather and manny pacquiao meet in las vegas on may 2 .     fight is being shown on pay-per-view , with sky sports offering it in the uk for # 20 while us broadcasters showtime and hbo are charging # 59 - # 66 .     fans could turn to social media using new live video streaming apps such as periscope and meerkat to watch the fight illegally for free .     read : mayweather vs pacquiao tickets sell out within 60 seconds .     click here for all the latest floyd mayweather vs manny pacquiao news .
mammoth ocean liner , the anthem of the seas , has now reached its summer home : the southampton docks .     owned by royal caribbean , the impressive ship expects to welcome over 80,000 people on board this summer .     while on board , guests will be served by robotic bartenders and also have the chance to hone their circus skills .
jacob fairbank injured his ankle while on loan at halifax .     huddersfield forward faces lengthy spell on the sidelines following scans .     giants managing director richard thewlis said ` it 's another bad blow '
floyd mayweather will fight manny pacquiao in las vegas on may 2 .     the bout is expected to generate $ 300 million in revenue .     iyanna mayweather has been in training camp with her father floyd .
iain mackay , 40 , saw his thai girlfriend talking to another man in a bar .     trio reportedly got into a furious argument at the coastal hua hin resort .     shortly afterwards mr mackay appeared in a nearby shop bleeding heavily .     was suffering injuries caused by shards of glass from a smashed mirror .     paramedics were called to the scene but he died in hospital hours later .
naked art fans attended an hour-long nude tour at the national gallery of australia in canberra on wednesday night .     the tour took place outside regular exhibition hours , as it is illegal to be naked in public .     fans viewed the exhibition , ` james turrell : a retrospective ' led by experienced nude tour guide stuart ringholt .     ` everyone 's all in it together , so it 's not weird or anything , ' said one man .     the 70-year-old artist has put on a nude exhibition before in japan , and was keen to replicate the experience for his body of work in australia .
chelsea ellen bruck , 22 , was last seen in the early hours of october 26 in frenchtown township , michigan dressed as the batman villain poison ivy .     police searched an area near a ford motor company plant in michigan .     the sheriff 's office declined to discuss media reports that part of chelsea 's costume were found .     she was last seen in the parking lot with dark-haired man at 3am .     the party had to be shut down after numbers swelled from 500 to 800 people .
seven-bedroom property in scarsdale , new york , where robert durst grew up hit market this week .     features solarium , three-car garage , maids ' quarters , chandeliers .     when durst was 7 , his 32-year-old mother either fell or committed suicide by jumping off the roof of this building .     realtor glossed over coincidence that durst is currently under arrest and made first court appearance this week .     the 71-year-old arrested on march 14 after police ` found a revolver , marijuana and a latex mask in his hotel room '     he is challenging the arrest warrant as unlawful , will soon fly to california for murder trial and possible death penalty .
bird was spotted near the a4 flyover at brentford after flying along thames .     eagle-eyed canal boat resident saw the puffin and contacted rescue agency .     puffins most commonly found in iceland , but this bird ` blown off course '
niamh geaney , 26 , found her doppelgänger through social media .     her lookalike , karen branigan , lives only a hour away in ireland .     the pair met in real life and although it was ` freaky ' , they got on very well .     both have sisters , and say they do n't look similar to either of them .
with nearly all voting precincts reporting results , emanuel had 55.5 per cent of the vote compared to 44.5 per cent for his opponent .     mayoral candidate cook county commissioner jesus ` chuy ' garcia said he had called emanuel to concede .     mayoral runoff was the first since the city changed the way it conducts elections about 20 years ago .
the video shows people throwing chairs and stanchions .     friday was the grand opening of fat tuesday at the casino .     three men have been arrested .
biologists at durham university spent four months recording gibbon calls .     they recorded gibbons making 450 ` hoo ' calls from 25 animals that were impossible to distinguish with the human ear and were often inaudible .     each call was found to relate to different contexts like foraging , meeting neighbours , singing to mates or warning others about a predator nearby .     hoos about birds of prey were the quietest so not to alert the predators .
providenciales consistently ranks as one of the best beach destinations on the planet .     greece is home to three of the top four islands in europe , including santorini at no 1 .     jersey ranked sixth in europe , its best ever position in tripadvisor 's annual rankings .
coloring books made for adults are popular on amazon 's bestselling books list .     books with calming , meditative and spiritual themes appeal to adults looking to unwind .
92 percent of us teens go online daily - and 24 % are online constantly .     instagram and snapchat popular with children from wealthier families .     facebook remains the dominant social media network .
in the searing california heat , many jumped on the chance to shed most of their clothes .     string monokinis and skimpy leotards were spotted at every turn .     celebrity style offenders included paris hilton , katy perry , jourdan dunn and kendall jenner .
book claims juan carlos was romancing corinna zu sayn-wittgenstein .     final de partida - or end game - by ana romero , sold out within 24 hours .     author said at the book 's launch the pair were ' a couple pure and simple '
police found 20 grams of marijuana buried within a leg of lamb .     northern territory police made find after officers smelled something suspicious .     the stash is believed to be worth $ 2000 - $ 100 per gram - because it was to be sold in remote communities in the australian outback .     police said they will continue to crack down on sale of illegal drugs .
terry richardson is accused of releasing film without model permission .     the minute-long footage shows upton dancing in a skimpy bikini .     the photographer has long courted controversy .     he has previously been accused of sexual assaulting young models .     richardson has previously denied the allegations made against him .
cartel violence helped make juarez the murder capital of the world five years ago .     but the murder rate in the city has declined rapidly since 2010 .     now city leaders are working to bring visitors and foreign investment back to juarez .
andy mcilvaine , 33 , got talking to southwest staff during his flight to propose to his girlfriend in maine last october .     touched by his story , they gave him a $ 100 voucher as a gift .     after he wrote to thank the ceo , the company threw the couple a shower at bwi airport in baltimore on april 1 .     baltimore-based mcilvaine and dallas-based kelley mulsingeron spend much of their relationship flying to visit one another .
gang used power tool to cut a hole into basement of safety deposit centre .     raided 72 security boxes before escaping with bins full of precious gems .     scotland yard said crime had been carried out by ` ocean 's 11 type team '     offering # 20,000 reward for information leading to conviction of burglars .
sheriff : the correctional officer is in intensive care after being beaten , choked .     it appears `` somebody did n't do their job properly , '' sheriff says after the escape .     kamron taylor also tried to escape a courtroom after being convicted of murder in february .
nikki kelly , 24 , kept needing the toilet and believed she had period cramps .     she was actually in labour and gave birth to her son on the bathroom floor .     her pregnancy came as a shock as she had been on the contraceptive pill .     she continued to have periods , and had no baby bump and no cravings .
renault have promised red bull that they will resolve power-unit problems .     red bull owner dietrich mateschitz threatened to pull out of f1 .     daniil kvyat 's red bull and max verstappen ' toro rosso both suffered a power-unit failure at chinese grand prix in shanghai .
cobain lived with courtney love in the two bedroom apartment on spaulding avenue in l.a. 's fairfax district .     the nirvana frontman lived here in 1991 and 1992 .     currently owned by brandon kleinman .     heart-shaped box was supposedly written in its bathtub .
chelsea win barclays premier league and reach champions league .     bounemouth promoted to premier league for first time in their history .     watford make first return to top flight since 2007 .     bristol city crowned league one champions with two games to play .     burton albion promoted from league two with shrewsbury .     tranmere rovers and cheltenham town relegated from league two .     barnet win conference to earn promotion back to football league .
hudson swafford shares the lead on 11-under with boo weekley .     play was later suspended on friday due to the threat of sever weather .     england 's justin rose is four shots off the lead on 7-under .
jessica brown and husband zakk satterly were en route to hospital tuesday when they became stuck in standstill on the i-65 in louisville .     the roads were closed for the presidential motorcade .     brown went into labor , and a nurse , tonia vetter , quickly came to her aid .     the baby was born ` quickly ' in the traffic .     an ambulance was able to get through and transport them to hospital .
engineer-turned-science-tv-host told a white house pool reporter that he loves the smell of jet fuel .     earth day trip with president obama aboard boeing 747 is meant to highlight climate change threats but will leave a massive carbon footprint .     flights to the florida everglades and back will cover 1,836 miles and consume more than 9,180 gallons of fuel .
sources have hinted that the duchess ' real due date is today or tomorrow .     the duchess herself has said that her due date is ` mid to late april '     although the 25th is favourite , the palace says no date has been confirmed .     prince william is due to be at the cenotaph for anzac day on saturday .     prince harry will also be in london this weekend for the london marathon .
newcastle fans angered after club dump pictures of sir bobby robson .     sir bobby 's side finished fourth and qualified for the champions league back in 2001-2002 in what was one of their most successful seasons .     supporters are upset over a lack of respect to their former manager .     alan shearer , nolberto solano and gary speed are included in the photos .     click here for all the latest newcastle united news .
shocking footage has emerged of a thief allegedly taking a donation box .     cctv captures the woman bringing her vest over the anzac badges .     the incident took place on wednesday at the caulfield rsl in melbourne .     the video was posted on facebook in a bid to track down the women .
gemma , 34 , gives femail a peek at her extended clothing collection .     new additions include a lacy lbd and a set of floral kimonos .     the blonde star of the only way is essex says ` confidence ' is key .
lord neuberger said muslim women should be allowed to wear a full-face veil when appearing in court to show respect to ` different customs .     he also said judges must be aware of their ` subconscious bias '     judges are ` rightly ' seen as from ` privileged ' part of society , he said .     he cited a judge ruling on a case of an unemployed traveller as an example .     since publication of this article , lord neuberger has since clarified his position which may be read here : article .
children 's clothes designer sharon smith , 43 , weighed over 20st .     joined a slimming club , then took up running to shift the pounds .     now a 9st 9lb size ten and has run two 10ks and a half marathon .
up to 2500 passengers and crew stranded outside sydney harbour as massive storm batters the city .     passengers report large waves were crashing into the ship right through the night and into tuesday .     the vessel has suffered damage with a satellite damaged and a door ripped open by the crashing waves .     carnival cruise lines hopes to have the cruise-liner dock on wednesday but there are fears they will have to wait another 48 hours .     11 metre waves have been recorded off-shore .     weather conditions are expected to worsen in the afternoon with 100kph winds on the way .
esteban cambiasso says saving leicester will feel like winning a trophy .     the argentinian has become a key player for nigel pearson 's side .     leicester are currently seven points adrift at the bottom of the table .     click here for all the latest leicester city news .
freddie gray died on sunday after slipping into a coma .     he was arrested a week earlier under murky circumstances .
young girls were sent sexualised facebook messages but police did n't act .     abbie conman , 12 , and kerry green , 13 , were targeted by online predator .     one of the mothers challenged the man , who was pretending to be 17 .     police said no crime was committed when the mothers reported the man .
gary barlow , mark owen and howard donald ordered to repay # 20million .     take that stars have still not done so 11 months on , sparking criticism .     trio used an ` investment ' scheme later found to be in breach of tax rules .     tv sports presenter gabby logan has paid back all the money she owed .
debris on carriers can get sucked into jet engines , causing deadly crashes .     sailors are therefore usually required to search decks for debris by hand .     but crew of admiral kuznetsov made themselves vehicle to speed up job .     consists of mig-15 engine strapped to tractor to act as giant leaf blower .
the new york man unapologetically demonstrates how he harasses women on the street while taking part in an on-camera interview .     he insists that the ticking , whistling , and kissing noises he makes at strangers makes them ` feel good '     the man also explains that choosing a woman who is far away from him is better because she wo n't be as ` scared '
anticipated departure stems from concern that agents of the federal drug agency divulged secrets at sex parties with prostitutes .     colombian drug lords may have staged rendezvous to elicit information .     house committee on oversight and government reform is investigating .     dea declined to comment today on her reported resignation ; the white house would n't give leonhart its backing .     leonhart , head of the agency since 2007 , has been accused by the inspector general of not giving out stiff enough penalties for misconduct .
szilveszter , 24 , had petroleum jelly injected into penis by a friend .     told it would make him bigger .     it left him swollen and in constant pain so he could n't have sex .     cosmetic surgeon admitted ` his penis is a disaster '     he needed hours of surgery in order to recover .
in game of thrones , valyrian steel was forged during the valyrian freehold .     it is said to be sharp , light , strong , heat resistant and dark with patterns .     scientist has studied which materials could create a similar , real life sword .     and concludes it 's not a steel at all , but is instead a metal matrix composite .
there is no anzac day holiday for most states as it falls on a saturday .     only western australia and some canberra bureaucrats will get day off .     first time since 2009 anzac day has fallen on a saturday .     experts predict rise of up to 25 per cent of people calling in sick on monday .     some businesses told staff they risk their job if they fake a sick day .     losses from absent employees estimated at $ 7.5 m in queensland alone .
little stella schaefer is in prison with murder-accused heather mack , 19 .     the first picture of the baby 's face was taken outside a court in bali today .     mack and tommy schaefer , 21 , alleged to have murdered mack 's mother .     lawyers for the american pair today said they reject premeditated charges .
vast water hydrates in the arctic are reservoirs for abiotic methane .     methane is 20 times more effective in trapping heat than carbon dioxide .     these reservoirs are secure as the methane is trapped in the sediments .     but elsewhere scientists have found methane leaking beneath the arctic .
craze has taken off thanks to owners posting pictures on social media .     initial idea was to give the pets a more eye-grabbing and clean-cut look .     one dog salon worker in taipei has insisted that ` the dogs do n't mind '
foreign fighters are increasingly signing up to fight isis on the front lines .     for some of the jihadist group 's foes , foreign fighters are not welcome comrades .     training and logistical support , some argue , is the best way to support the fight against isis .
the designer diffusion line went on sale sunday morning but was nearly sold out online before noon , with stores selling out minutes after opening .     re-sellers initially tried to unload merchandise at crazy prices including $ 799 for a $ 150 hammock ; now thousands of pieces are available on ebay with smaller markups .
the luxurious sri panwa resort comprises a series of minimalist villas .     while she was there olivia was among guests who included liam from one direction and a thai princess .     bangla road is a lively night spot with numerous clubs and bars .
christopher lawler claims he was pinned to a chair and groped by staff .     he left job at clarence house the same day as alleged incident in 1978 .     mr lawler , now 68 , claims he reported his account but was twice ignored .     the palace is now ` cooperating ' with police to investigate historic claims .
floyd mayweather v manny pacquiao is now just nine days away .     sportsmail 's jeff powell has been counting down the greatest fights .     in the fourth of a series of 12 fights that shaped boxing history , we have george foreman v muhammad ali - the rumble in the jungle .     it was a fight which astonished the satellite world on october 30 , 1974 .     foreman v ali inspired movies and millions of words written about it .
the bbc is set to air a two-hour , real-time documentary following a boat .     for many , the languid film will be as interesting as watching paint dry .     corporation hopes it 'll be a change of pace from usual frenetic pace of tv .
david priestley called 999 three times and waited an hour for ambulance .     his wife diane was struggling to breathe and was starting to turn blue .     ambulance trust admitted delay due to incorrect priority by call-handler .     mr priestley said he is tormented by thought his wife may have survived .
most modern phone models have batteries that only last a couple of hours .     problem is n't batteries , but amount of tasks mobiles are expected to do .     battery life can be improved by turning off bluetooth , sounds and gps .
aqap says a `` crusader airstrike '' killed ibrahim al-rubaish .     al-rubaish was once detained by the united states in guantanamo .
marilyn zuniga , third grade teacher at forest street school in orange , new jersey , suspended without pay .     she had her students write letters to former black panther mumia abu-jamal who was hospitalized at schuykill medical center in pennsylvania .     zuniga had the cards delivered and they made mumia ` chuckle and smile '     critics say they ` promote a twisted agenda glorifying murder and hatred '     school district said zuniga did not speak with parents or ask permission .     mumia is serving a life sentence after years of appeals won him a reprieve from his death sentence in 2012 .
a graphic on nbc 's today show on wednesday misidentified saturday night live creator lorne michaels as ` lauren '     the flub by a graphics person , made on the east coast feed of the morning show , was corrected for broadcasts in other time zones and online .     today interviewed 70-year-old michaels for a story on new york gathering for influential people listed by time magazine .
a protective dad made a t-shirt for his daughter showing him with the message : ` stay clear boys , this is my dad ! '     the image was first posted to reddit and has since been shared tens of thousands of times .
simulation available on oculus rift shows plane crashing on water .     cries , screams and shouting heard as plane rapidly descends .     shows what happens if you make attempts to grab your luggage .     based on actual incident in 2009 when u.s. airways airbus a320 made successful landing in hudson river with no casualties .
manny pacquiao ran along griffith park trail as he worked on his fitness .     the filipino was accompanied by his pet dog pacman during jog .     pacquiao goes toe-to-toe with floyd mayweather in las vegas on may 2 .     read : pacquiao reveals his colourful mouth guard ahead of his bout .
cressida bonas says she is happy being single after prince harry split .     dancer and mulberry 's new muse says : ` i 'm a strong , independent woman '     just finished playing cecily in the importance of being ernest in london .
davis cup quarter-final tickets will be hard to find for fans this summer .     there will be a capacity of 7,000 for the tie at london 's queen 's club .     but well under 3,000 tickets will be released to general fans for the game .     the rest will go to various organisations and governing bodies in tennis .
schoolboy bradley parkes , 16 , discovered hanging in woods in coventry .     sophie wilson , 17 , performed cpr on the teen after raising the alarm .     bradley 's mother said he had been bullied and terrorised by gang .     says her son is now out of coma and thanked the girls who found him .
car first designed to help french farmers transport their sheep for sale .     from humble origins the 50-year-old hatchback is popular the world over .     accounting for two thirds of cars sold in the uk it dominates most markets .
this week , turkey was gripped by a massive power outage and a deadly hostage crisis .     reactions reveal contemporary turkey is tense and confused after years of political crises .     censorship has pushed critics to fringes in country cited as democratic model for mideast .
tiger woods was joined on the course at augusta national golf club by his young children and girlfriend lindsey vonn .     woods has returned to action following a self-imposed break from the sport to work on his game and recover from niggling injuries .     he is bidding to win the 15th major of his career at this year 's masters .
warren weinstein 's wife says the family is still searching for answers .     officials say weinstein and another al qaeda hostage were accidentally killed in a u.s. drone strike .     gunmen abducted the usaid contractor from his home in pakistan in 2011 .
italian astronaut samantha cristoforetti wore the uniform on friday .     together with nasa astronaut terry virts she captured the spacecraft .     on board it had 4,000 lbs of supplies - including a coffee machine .     it will remain at the iss for a month before returning to earth .
passer-by saw thief trying to drive honda from car wash in georgia .     female owner had jumped on the bonnet but teenage thief was driving off .     good samaritan shot suspect in the shoulder , hailed for saving woman 's life .     suspect recovering in hospital , police hunting for three alleged accomplices .
`` there is still smoke on and off , '' says resident with distant view .     the volcano erupts for third time since april 22 .     about 1,500 people are evacuated , an official says , according to cnn chile .
frankie franz watched the right-back pull off the audacious shot in a video .     nine-year-old joked with his mum and grandmother that he could make it .     youngster moved hoop into middle of the garden and twice achieved feat .     frankie is an academy player with dagenham and redbridge football club .     he plays centre midfield and dreams of one day turning out for barcelona .
floyd mayweather v manny pacquiao is now just eight days away .     sportsmail 's jeff powell has been counting down the greatest fights .     in the fifth in a series of 12 fights that shaped boxing history , we have muhammad ali v joe frazier , the thrilla in manila .     it was said to have come five years late , much like mayweather v pacquiao .     yet those doubting the two greats in their 30s were spectacularly wrong .
it does n't matter where it comes from - no one likes being rejected .     and in each and every case there 's nothing we can do about it .     jia jiang , with his exceptional optimism , proposes an alternative thesis .     he has developed an entertaining study of rejection in all its many forms .
koby hodder was playing british bulldog on his break when he collapsed .     he suffered a series of cardiac arrests and was treated in intensive care .     was fitted with a device to shock his heart back into beating if it stopped .     now can only carry out light exercise but feels ` lucky to be alive '
tv debate was the first proper view of sturgeon for most outside scotland .     snp leader has most experience of governing of politicians who took part .     sturgeon is the most dangerous woman in british politics , writes columnist .
king goodwill zwelithini allegedly compared foreigners to ` ants ' and ` lice '     back in 2012 the 67-year-old told followers homosexuals were ` rotten '     but father-of-28 's lavish lifestyle with his six wives is equally controversial .     last year he declared himself bankrupt having spent # 250,000 on wedding .     yet just last month he bought a mercedes for each wife - plus a spare .
nick cannon has demanded $ 30m to settle his divorce from mariah - even though their prenup calls for less .     mariah has refused and now nick has inked a deal with an imprint of simon & schuster , gallery books .     nick filed for divorce last december after six years of marriage .     mariah and nick have been battling about money and custody of their twins ever since .     nick to reveal secrets about drug use , strange eating habits , her put-downs of other artists , her sexual proclivities .
keepers at the columbus zoo say ten-year-old irisa had bred before but never conceived .     however , this spring it was found the female cat was pregnant .     while the birth on tuesday went smoothly , irisa failed to show any maternal care so her offspring are being hand-reared in an incubator .     they currently weigh 2.5 lbs but are set to grow to a heftier 650lbs .
lea coligado , 21 , a stanford computer science student , is the creator of the blog showcasing talented women in tech .     the profiling blog has already attracted women from big hitting tech companies like pinterest and postmates .     the blog 's inspiration , humans of new york , was started by new york photographer brandon stanton and features street portraits accompanied by quotes from the subjects .
alanna and stephen goetzinger lost their daughter rana when she was stillborn during a waterbirth at their home in 2012 .     rana was found to have died of meconium aspiration , a condition where a foetus inhales their faeces before birth , preventing them from breathing .     a coroner 's report found that their midwife failed to recognise signs of the meconium , changed the time of birth , and whether there was signs of life .     she handed in her resignation at the end of 2014 after the report said her actions during the birth were ` grossly inadequate '     the goetzinger 's have spoken out against the findings and claim that the midwife did nothing wrong and that the death could not have been stopped .     the want an apology from the coroner 's office who conducted an autopsy without their permission and the reinstatement of their midwife 's licence .
tiny cubs were abandoned in a cardboard box , next to a clothing donation point , in a car park in pennsylvania .     seven baby foxes - five males and two females - were taken to animal rehabilitation center for care and treatment .     cubs were dehydrated but healthy , and will stay in the center for a few months before being returned to the wild .
jennifer aniston , 46 , showed off her well-toned arms at the oscars .     she works out three times a week with her long-term trainer , mandy ingber .     what to try : the medicine ball overhead press is great for upper arms .
lenny mordarski was rudely awakened when he fell asleep before take-off on a south west airlines flight on thursday .     a female passenger sitting next to him was jabbing him with a ballpoint .     he said : ` imagine being asleep and then being stung by bees , and then waking up and going ` owww '
european court of human rights find russia justified in deporting father .     robert muradeli had committed no crime worse than traffic violations .     but was deported for breaking immigration laws after 20 years residence .     eight judges rule russia did not breach the 45-year-old 's human rights .
chef q cooked a slap-up feast for floyd mayweather and adrien broner .     each plate costs the boxer anything between $ 1,000 and $ 3,000 .     bbq chicken , potatoes and rice were some of the foods cooked .     mayweather takes on manny pacquiao at the mgm in las vegas on may 2 .     gordon ramsay offered ringside seats in exchange for post-match meal .     floyd mayweather vs manny pacquiao tickets sell out within 60 seconds .     read : mayweather has earned over $ 400m and here 's how he spends it .     click here for all the latest floyd mayweather vs manny pacquiao news .
ted loveday led gonville and caius college , cambridge to the university challenge title this week .     he became a web sensation after answering 10 different starter questions .     but the law student admits he revised by using youtube and wikipedia .
the child , who has not been named , suffered fatal injuries after jumping from a second-story window in dumont , new jersey last month .     a report into the incident has revealed he became angry after a classmate failed to say ` checkmate ' after beating him in a match at recess .     he then cried in a corner and wrote a note to his opponent , but told him to wait to open it ; the contents of the note have not been shared .     an aide then saw the boy climbing on shelves and out a window .     the boy 's classmate revealed that he had said on several occasions that he was going to jump from the window - but he thought he was joking .
the presidential hopeful held a town hall meeting in kenilworth on tuesday .     during the meeting , high school english teacher kathy mooney got up to ask the governor a question about pensions .     she asked why he did n't seek a higher legal settlement in a case with exxonmobil that would have contributed to the state 's pension system .     christie responded by repeatedly asking how much mooney knew about the deal instead of answering her question .
in first meeting of the season between the rivals power outage delayed game 16 minutes in the 12th inning .     the game lasted six hours and 49 minutes pushing past 2am on saturday east coast time and came to an end after 19 innings .
carwyn scott-howell , 7 , died on a family holiday in flaine in french alps .     he had skied into dense woodland before sliding towards a 164 foot cliff .     carwyn went ahead alone when sister fell and his mother stopped to help .     thought he may have entered woodland as thought it was shortcut to hotel .     family described him as a ` very daring , outgoing , determined little boy '
african students and car enthusiasts are creating eco-friendly cars .     nigerian students will compete in an `` eco-marathon '' in may .
video shows how john moynihan , 34 , was shot within seconds of opening angelo west 's car door .     west , 41 , immediately jumps out of the car and shoots the officer .     video then shows west shooting at officers as he runs across the street .     west was fatally shot by moynihan 's colleagues during the shoot-out .     police said they released the video to be transparent with the public and tamp down rumors .     moynihan was released from the hospital friday after weeks of recovery .     police said his current condition is ` serious but improving '
dana perino and bush were visiting families at the walter reed military hospital in washington , d.c. in 2005 .     perino said one mother of a soldier from the carribean was devastated .     ` she yelled at the president , wanting to know why it was her child and not his who lay in the hospital bed , ' perino wrote .     perino said bush ` needed to hear the anguish ' and later said he did n't ` blame the woman one bit ' for being mad at him .     perino shared the story in her new book and the good news is : lessons and advice from the bright side .
general keith alexander has warned that the u.s. and her allies are at an ever growing risk of a systemic cyber-assault .     he predicts that energy infrastructure would be hacker 's prime target .     ` we are not prepared for that , ' he warned in texas last week .     also voiced his concerns about the hacking threat from a terrorist organization such as isis .
hundreds of patrons at resort world casino started brawling friday night .     fists , metal poles and chairs flew as gangs tore around the premises .     fight reportedly broke out at 10.30 pm after two women clashed in a lineq .     three people were arrested in the aftermath of the brawl .
mr sondheimer frantically tried to break down cockpit door before crash .     photograph of the captain is the first to have been released since disaster .     it has emerged lubitz was planning the attack online using name skydevil .     display created before staff learned lubitz deliberately crashed the aircraft .
experts have voiced concerns over diy brain stimulation kits for children .     for a few hundred dollars , one can be purchased online from various sites .     it promises to help children with math homework and claims to help adhd .     professor colleen loo from the black dog institute strongly believes that the equipment poses a danger to amateurs and children .     the equipment is currently being used to treat people with speech impediments but is still very much in trial stages .
gary ballance , ian bell and joe root are forming a strong middle order .     ballance shone at no 3 for england against west indies .     england exile kevin pietersen will be 35 on june 27 .
kathryn beale , 41 , is a national expert in the art of the strange foodstuff .     she whizzes placentas into smoothies , or grinds it into pills for mothers .     mothers have reported powerful healing properties from eating the organ .     includes increase in milk supply , reduction in post-natal bleeding , stabilising blood pressure and more energy to care for their babies .
emmanuel adebayor has danced in front of a famous paris landmark .     he posted a video of the dance on his official instagram account .     the strange behaviour comes just days after he insisted he was prepared to fight for his place in the tottenham team .     adebayor has one year left to run on his current deal at white hart lane .
the gofundme campaign has already topped its $ 75,000 goal .     justin griner , the dad of `` success kid , '' needs a kidney transplant .
leto will play the clown prince of crime in 2016 's `` suicide squad ''     the first picture of leto in character led to a series of spoof photos .
state 's department of fish and game ruled that the family must die .     mother and cubs had been spotted eating from trash cans in anchorage .     plans are being made for bear-proof trash cans to stop situation repeating .
first broadcast hosted by a man with an american-sounding accent .     the news bulletin spends almost 10 minutes going over the day 's events .     boasts of ` roasting the flesh ' of opponents and ` martyrdom operations '     isis commanders already have an english magazine to communicate .     comes days after announcement that all isis nurses must speak english .
david perry : robert kennedy jr. compared autism to the holocaust , wrongly tied it to vaccines .     he says it 's sad such a prominent kennedy demeans people with autism .
pictures show veronica bolina face down on the ground in a sao paulo jail .     she had previously been arrested over alleged attack on elderly neighbour .     reports claim 25-year-old was then set upon by officers on three occasions .     images appearing to show her ordeal have sparked outrage across brazil .
josh warrington earns points victory against dennis tubieron .     24-year-old admitted to being bored during the one-sided fight .     vinnie jones accompanied the featherweight to the ring .
real madrid take on granada in la liga early sunday kick-off .     carlo ancelotti 's side four points off barcelona in the title race .     real were beaten 2-1 in el clasico last time out before international break .
reports police dropped investigation into belle gibson 's whole pantry .     however , victoria police say its position has not changed .     police had been looking into charging ms gibson with deception .     consumer affairs victoria will now decide if any offences were committed .     ms gibson expressed concern over her family 's safety in remarks to daily mail australia .     ms gibson faced backlash since close friends cast doubt about her terminal cancer diagnosis .     ` my son 's childcare details were posted online , ' she claimed , adding that her address and floor plan were also made available .     the popular instagram personality still has not addressed questions about her ` cancer diagnosis '
samantha cameron recently spoke of her love of alternative group poliça .     rock band 's latest album is inspired by feminist shulamith firestone .     mrs cameron even joined crowd at a recent gig in shoreditch , east london .
vicar who went to celebrate end of lent was told his feet needed protection .     he gained facebook and twitter support following the incident in ipswich .     andrew dotchin , 58 , from whitton said he will continue to wear his sandals .
vera maresova , 50 , killed five women and one man over a four-year period .     police said she committed the murders to make her workload easier .     maresova , who has been dubbed ` nurse death locally , has admitted killing the victims with massive doses of potassium .     drug caused the elderly patients ' hearts to fail and eventually killed them .
maria malone-guerbaa , 41 , used just brushes and paint to transform face .     posted pictures of the process ahead of the easter weekend .     london-based talent has also painted a cougar and owl on her features .
the hilarious moment took place at the hengdaohezi siberian tiger park in northeast china during feeding time .     it was captured by us-based photographer libby zhang who said that the crowd burst out in a roar of laughter .     the humorous slip came as several birds were thrown by staff in to the tiger enclosure for them to eat .
barway edwin collins , 10 , went missing from his crystal , minnesota apartment complex march 18 after school .     on saturday , searchers from boy scout troop found a body ten feet from mississippi river 's edge which was identified as barway .     crystal police chief said electronic evidence shows boy 's father pierre collins , 33 , was in area where body was found at time he disappeared .     hennepin county medical examiner said the cause and manner of barway 's death are still being investigated .
fifty years after the futuristic puppet show launched itv is bringing it back .     it is computer-generated with more women and multicultural characters .     lady penelope lost twin-set and pearls and looks like a lady secret agent .     parker has dropped his chauffeur uniform and sports a roll-neck sweater .     thunderbirds , itv1 tomorrow at 5pm .
lauren hill was diagnosed with an inoperable form of brain cancer aged 18 .     despite illness , she achieved dream to play college basketball in cincinnati .     also raised a huge $ 1.5 million for diffuse intrinsic pontine glioma research .     she died in hospital on friday , aged 19 , after defying doctors ' expectations .     now , lebron james has penned a touching farewell letter to the teenager .     in letter , he praises lauren for the ` leadership ' and ` strength ' she showed .     basketball star tells her : ` you time spent on earth will never be forgotten '
the box truck collided with a car on interstate 93 southbound in the city 's dorchester neighborhood at about 6am .     both drivers were taken to hospital with non-life-threatening injuries .     as officials did n't want to risk running trains under the over-hanging truck , replacement shuttle buses were run for southbound passengers .     on the highway there were also massive delays .
tom brady to gisele bundchen : `` you inspire me every day ''     bundchen had last runway show wednesday .     she 'll be focusing more on family , `` special projects ''
michelle filkins , 44 , of west wareham has been charged with breaking and entering , larceny over $ 250 , and the malicious destruction of property .     she was arrested on april 17 after owner mark conklin found her sitting in his summer home .     a neighbor told police he saw filkins outside with items from the house and that she appeared to be having a yard sale or giving the items away .     police are asking anyone who received items from the home - including a lamp and a painting - to return them .
shelley dufresnein of st charles parish , louisiana , took a plea deal .     mother-of-three avoided prison and wo n't have to register as a sex offender .     took an image of her smiling after the hearing and wrote : ` my mood today '     also said she was ` relieved ' when followers began congratulating her .     is still facing charges over an alleged threesome she had with the same student and fellow teacher rachel respess , 24 .
malik ghat is a wholesale flower market in india that attracts more than 2,000 sellers each day .     photographer ken hermann spent 10 days at the market photographing his project `` flower man ''
the 34-year-old also revealed that she spends five to ten percent of her day away from her daughter so she can workout and be alone with her husband .     kim gave birth to north on june 15 , 2013 .
poppy smart , 23 , accused builders of sexual harassment for wolf-whistling .     ian merrett , 28 , says she was ` lucky ' and should take it as a compliment .     he said : ` if she walks past again and is lucky she 'll get wolf-whistled again '     he accused her of damaging the reputation of men in the building trade .     miss smart went to police who sent officers to warn the builders involved .
baby boy malakai suffers rare medical condition pallister killian syndrome .     malakai can not see , can not hear , struggles to breath and may never walk .     stacy maitai gave up everything to take care of her seven-month-old son .     mother-of-two has been forced to survive on $ 90 a week from centrelink .     can not receive further financial assistance as she is not australian citizen .     the single mother moved from new zealand to perth about four years ago .     a fundraising page has been set up to help the struggling family .
quinton ` rampage ' jackson returns to the ufc after two year absence .     former light-heavyweight champion takes on fabio maldonado in montreal .     he had to come through protracted legal battle to feature at ufc 186 .
greater manchester police chadderton warn of wasting valuable time .     the 44-year-old man had recently arrived back to the uk from algeria .     wasting police time could result in six-month imprisonment and/or a fine .
qatar 's constellation hotels bought majority share in company behind claridge 's , the berkeley and the connaught .     five-star hotels latest in impressive list of high-profile acquisitions , including the shard , harrods and canary wharf .     gulf state 's royal family also planning their own british palace - converting three properties into a # 200m mansion .
finnish methods include pupils working in small groups or independently .     in 2006 finland was second in world for maths , but down to 12th by 2012 .     during period its test scores dropped 29 points in maths and 23 in reading .     michael gove has argued for return to traditional teacher-led lessons .
youths took boy to an isolated place in padma nagar , india , and raped him .     when he resisted , they set him on fire , leaving him with 30 per cent burns .     he is now being treated at the thane civil hospital , about 30 minutes away .
crystal o'connor , owner of memories pizza in walkerton , indiana , says she stands by her decision to never cater a gay wedding .     this despite the fact that she claims she has been receiving death threats for her beliefs , though none have been documented .     she has closed her store , but said she will reopen again and $ 850,000 has been raised for the business by supporters in just two days .     o'connor said in a recent interview of this ; ` god has blessed us for standing up for what we believe , and not denying him '     also on saturday , openly gay basketball stars jason collins and derrick gordon arrived for the ncaa final four in indianapolis .
gemma flanagan , 31 , from liverpool , was hit by guillain barre syndrome .     she was working for ba when rare illness left her paralysed .     but today the aspiring model makes catwalk debut in her wheelchair .     she is taking part in a models of diversity show at london 's olympia .
navinder sarao lived in parents ' modest home in suburban west london .     thousands of his ` high-frequency trades ' could be faster than city dealers .     36-year-old amassed over # 26million in just four years living at their house .     he is accused of using computer programs to create ` spoof ' transactions .
mohammad qamaruzzaman was hanged around 10.30 pm on saturday .     he was the assistant secretary general of the jamaat-e-islami party .     militia group collaborated with pakistani army in 1971 independence war .     his supporters slammed the decision and have called for a protest .
chris ramsey believes tim sherwood will keep aston villa from relegation .     friendships will be cast aside when ramsey 's qpr face sherwood 's villa .     qpr are optimistic about survival after beating west brom 4-1 on saturday .     a win over villa would put ramsey 's rs ahead of villa on goal difference .
clarence house has released a new photo to mark 10th anniversary .     the snap was taken last month at the couple 's scottish home , birkhall .     camilla parker-bowles became the duchess of cornwall a decade ago .     since then , she has become an increasingly popular figure .     camilla also enjoys a close relationship with the queen and her stepsons .
huma abedin came under fire for not tipping at chipotle in iowa .     she is hillary clinton 's most trusted aide for the 2016 campaign .     on saturday , she and husband anthony weiner went for mexican lunch .     it is one of their final weekends before the campaign gets into swing .
lib dem leader 's wife says party 's mps have suffered ` great personal cost '     joined minister lynne featherstone for campaigning in north london .     100 miles away in chippenham , nick said : ` miriam just wanted to do her bit '
historian dr mary ann lund believes richard iii used good tailoring and clever armour to hide the scoliosis in his spine that curved to the right .     she argues his condition only emerged when he was stripped after death .     scientists who examined richard iii 's skeleton say the king was far from being the hunchback portrayed by william shakespeare in his plays .     dr lund says the king 's name was probably blackened after death in battle .
stars of marvel and dc comics have given up fighting crime , instead grappling with life 's daily struggles .     the bleak future is imagined by dubai-based photographer martin beck of scottish and south african heritage .     features sullen-looking ex-heroes working as mechanics and children 's party entertainers .
sisters , one 61 and the other 58 , unable to agree because of mutual hatred .     judge denzil lush said one could be jailed for trying to alter a document .     lost control of a # 600,000 house and savings and shares worth # 100,000 .
hillary clinton could be helped by an improving climate for women in politics .     republicans hope the gender play backfires and that voters are fatigued by identity politics .     the emphasis on women as a possible campaign theme is a reversal of her 2008 strategy .
japan aims to put an unmanned rover on the surface of the moon by 2018 .     the mission is expected to to be used to perfect technologies which could be utilized for future manned space missions .
dave hax 's youtube tutorial advises to score the skin before boiling .     the method eliminates the need for peelers and will keep your hands clean .     the video has received more than 1.5 million views since being uploaded .
calum chambers has played 35 times already for arsenal this season .     eric dier has become an important first-team player at tottenham .     john stones has impressed for everton after being moved to the middle .
microcon 2015 is the first north american gathering of micronations .     places like molossia , westarctica and vikesland will be in attendance .     one country is the size of a football field , another is as large as alaska .     they print their own stamps , wave their own flags , and mint their own money .     but most of their citizens do n't actually live on the land .
most of the victims were children , according to reports .     condolence messages appear online with images of boys in soccer uniforms .     the bus collided with a fuel tanker near the southern moroccan city of tan-tan .
warning graphic content .     domestic cats stolen off the streets and sold to restaurants for # 52 each .     moggie meat served in vietnam as an expensive delicacy called ` baby tiger '     serving cat is banned - but big customers are police officers and lawyers .     felines are cooped up in tiny cages then killed , skinned and filleted to eat .
lyoto machida is set to take on luke rockhold in ufc clash on saturday .     brazilian made weight by wearing a sauna suit beneath an electric blanket .     former light-heavyweight champion is hoping to get another title shot .
the designer diffusion line went on sale sunday morning but was almost completely sold out online before noon , with stores selling out minutes after opening .     re-sellers initially tried to unload merchandise at inflated prices including $ 799 for a $ 150 hammock ; now thousands of pieces are available on ebay with smaller markups .     outraged customers have formed a social media campaign to boycott the merchandise from second-hand sellers .
reality tv star is meeting party leaders to try to understand the election .     essex boarded a boat after telling reporters he ` likes fish and stuff '     farage is a keen angler and essex used to work at billingsgate fish market .     ukip leader ` has n't a clue ' what a vajazzle is and has never had a fake tan .
michelle obama 's office says she chose the bold hue to distinguish her family 's china from the red , green , blue and yellow used on more recently .     the obama state china service consists of 11-piece place settings for 320 people and the blue appears on all pieces but the dinner plate .     pickard china , of antioch , illinois , was brought in to consult on the project three years ago and it 's just now come to fruition .     the china as paid for from a private fund that is administered by the white house historical association .
melbourne model sharky jama has reportedly been shot dead in syria .     he fled to the middle east last year to fight with islamic state with a friend .     sharky 's father confirmed his son 's death while relatives posted tributes .     family were told on monday by friends via a text message and phone call .
eden hazard and loic remy hit the net as chelsea beat stoke 2-1 .     charlie adam hit the net from 66 yards for stoke to level the scores .     the moment is one to forget for chelsea goalkeeper thibaut courtois .
for years , the garden shed has been the domain of the man .     but now women are demanding their own huts at the bottom of the garden .     they come in an array of styles including beach huts and tudor cottages .
head of coffee at pact coffee will corby recommends the best pairings .     have a crumbly , hard cheese like lancashire with your irish coffee .     a delicately spiced pastry will let you detect light espresso flavour in latte .
heavy drinking among americans rose 17.2 percent between 2005 and 2012 .     the increase is driven largely by women 's drinking habits .     it 's now more acceptable for women to drink the way men traditionally have , says one expert .
belinda bartholomew claims she was racially abused at a bondi butcher .     the girlfriend of sydney roosters star aidan guerra went to buy a chicken for a game of thrones inspired dinner .     she says she was sworn at and told to ` go to a f *** ing aussie butcher ' when she tried to change her chicken selection .     the butcher vehemently denies he was rude to or swore at her and says the woman is a ` troublemaker ' out to ruin the business .
ash handley has now scored six tries in six appearances for leeds .     the rhinos are now six points clear at the top of super league .     leeds have lost just once in their opening 11 matches .
u.s. army sergeant dan urman just returned from being stationed in afghanistan since november .     his parents were told to drop the first puck at arizona coyotes game on saturday because they had held season tickets for nearly 20 years .     but dan then surprised the scottsdale couple as they stood at center ice .     dan 's father ran and embraced him , causing the pair to fall to the ground .
norfolk southern train was traveling near trenton , south carolina , friday .     it was transporting anhydrous ammonia - highly toxic , dangerous chemical .     it derailed shortly after 8.30 pm after apparently hitting a tree on the tracks .     up to 15 cars overturned and leaked ; haz mat crew was dispatched to site .     incident sparked evacuation of 30 people with 1.5-mile radius of the scene .     authorities confirmed friday night that no one was injured following crash .
janet and john brennan bought a crumbling barholm castle in dumfries and galloway for just # 65,000 in 1997 .     the couple spent eight years chasing planning permission and spending thousands on renovating the castle .     it has now gone on the market for # 700,000 and has four bedrooms as well as sea views over wigtown bay .
rebecca eldemire and larry tipton , 27 , were found dead in her bedroom in oxford , ohio on feb. 1 after her roommates heard loud bangs .     a coroner 's report revealed tuesday eldemire was shot at ` intermediate ' range and there were no signs of struggle .     the night before , eldemire had called oxford police to ask for protection when he arrived at the apartment and police stopped him in the parking lot .     she instructed the officers to accompany them to her apartment but after talking , she asked them to leave and they did .
jay z launched his $ 19.99-a-month tidal app in new york on 30 march .     following the launch it jumped to fourth place on the ios music app chart .     at the time of writing it ranks at 51 on the music chart and 872 overall .     rivals pandora and spotify sit in first and third place respectively .
the 2015 sydney royal easter show opened to the public last thursday 26 .     the website displays the retail value of the showbags and their official cost .     some cost more than their retail value , others list grossly inaccurate costs .
100 passengers and crew members have been sickened on celebrity infinity .     the ship , which is based on the west coast , left san diego in late march .     the cdc is scheduled to board the ship monday .
daisy goodwin has had problems with head lice since she was 19 .     she says she 's suffered with the itchy parasites at least 100 times .     a nit is the egg sac laid by female lice on human hair shafts .
the value of the drugs is estimated at more than $ 105 million .     officers arrested one venezuelan and two spanish citizens on board the vessel .
fifty-six people were killed and 265 were injured on may 11 , 1985 , when the bradford city fire disaster occurred at valley parade .     martin fletcher 's mother , susan , told her son about the disaster on may 11 , 1994 , that killed her other son , husband , brother-in-law and father-in-law .     then-bradford chairman stafford heginbotham was linked to at least eight other fires before the disaster at valley parade .     fletcher is releasing his book , ` fifty-six - the story of the bradford fire '
cnn 's dr. sanjay gupta answers questions about medical marijuana .     readers wanted to know how medical marijuana could ease symptoms of illnesses .
the pilot scheme will initially recruit 10 people with autism .     they will be based in the tech giant 's redmond offices in washington .     microsoft is running the scheme with help from specialists specialisterne .     the plans were announced by mary ellen smith , corporate vice president of worldwide operations , who herself has a 19-year-old autistic son .
gary locke will be confirmed as kilmarnock boss on friday .     the club went unbeaten during locke 's first six games in charge .     the 39-year-old former killie defender has paid tribute to his players .
stefania la greca is standing for election for the lega sud ausonia party .     she has posted dozens of selfies and pictures of herself in skimpy bikinis .     but the stunning 36-year-old denied she was using her looks to get votes .
tim albin of the tulsa county sheriff 's office quit his job on monday .     follows killing of suspect eric harris , 44 , by reserve deputy robert bates .     bates claims he shot harris by accident and meant to use his taser .
doaa and umm were smuggled from raqqa , in syria , to southern turkey .     both used to work for the group 's female police unit , the al-khansa brigade .     women reveal the different levels of punishment given out by the unit .     they believe they have been followed by isis fighters since escaping .
the henry ford museum in dearborn , michigan , has had chair for 85 years .     the worn , red chair , from washington d.c. 's ford 's theatre , is usually kept in an enclosed case but will be put in an open plaza on april 15 .     abraham lincoln was shot by john wilkes booth on april 14 , 1865 .     the henry ford museum also holds the limo in which john f. kennedy was shot and the bus rosa parks rode when she refused to give up her seat .
police say they ca n't confirm whether jones was involved in the crash , which injured a pregnant woman .     jones is the reigning ufc light heavyweight champion .
lorraine bracco was asked by the sopranos creator to be carmela .     the actress turned him down because she played a mobster 's wife in martin scorsese 's goodfellas in 1990 .     convinced showrunner david chase to let her play the role of dr. jennifer melfi .
ahead of launching her anticipated campaign on sunday , two senior advisers said strategy has echoes of obama 's 2012 re-election campaign .     she is expected to reach out to donors in coming weeks , but does not plan to headline many fundraising events over the next month .     advisers said she planned to talk about ways families can increase take-home pay and making higher education more affordable .     she intends to sell herself as being able to work with congress , businesses and world leaders .     president barack obama said on saturday ' i think she would be an excellent president '     clinton 's growing team of staffers began working friday out of a new campaign headquarters in brooklyn .
danny garcia is set to face lamont peterson in las vegas on saturday .     the unbeaten light welterweight champion defeated amir khan in 2012 .     the us fighter revealed he always stays on his feet because of an extra toe .
he agreed to a plea deal on thursday where he said he 'd perform 100 hours of community service and pay $ 1,333 to the estate of a neighbor .     his community service must take place at a habitat for humanity project .     vanilla ice - real name robert van winkle - was arrested in lantana , florida in february on grand theft charges .     cops claimed he took furniture , a pool heater and bicycles from vacant home near a property he was working on for reality show ` the vanilla ice project '     the items were later found inside his own house , according to authorities .
quarter million people without power in sydney and nearby areas .     a large storm system brought damaging winds and flooding to parts of australia .     the flooding is affecting public transportation services , residential and coastal areas .
doug hughes appeared in u.s. district court in washington on thursday , one day after he steered his tiny aircraft onto the capitol 's west lawn .     he was charged with operating an unregistered aircraft and violating national airspace before being released on his own recognizance .     he was sent back to his tampa home , where he must check in weekly with authorities starting next week .
scott kelley , stepfather accused of kidnapping , is arrested at the atlanta airport .     mother genevieve kelley 's trial is set to begin next month .     mary nunes ' father says he is `` overjoyed she is alive and back in the us ''
manuel delisle , the man accused of the road rage incident involving a chainsaw , has pleaded not guilty to armed assault on tuesday .     karine cyr recorded the confrontation on sunday as she was vacationing with her husband alexandre hermenier and their two children .     the family followed delisle because he was driving erratically and when they reached a dead end , delisle allegedly threatened them .
leo grand was offered a deal : either $ 100 or lessons in coding from patrick mcconlogue , who passed him on the street every day .     after daily coding lessons grand launched carpooling app trees for cars .     grand said he made $ 15,000 from the app , which is no longer in stores because he does not want to pay for the server space .     he said he has n't found the time to code every day anymore .     grand insists he likes living outdoors , but said he should have come up with an idea that made more money .
university of cologne scientist led research proposing new theory .     it suggests temperatures at the equator were -40 °c 2.4 billion years ago .     the reasons why the whole planet was frozen are not understood .     but it could have implications for finding life on frozen moons like europa .
sale remain seventh in the aviva premiership despite their defeat .     london irish scored tries through alex lewington -lrb- two -rrb- and andrew fenby .     exiles fly half chris noakes adding two penalties and two conversions .     the sharks replied with tries from tom arscott -lrb- two -rrb- and mike haley .     danny cipriani added eight points from the boot .
kathleen blomberg was forced to leave her beloved pets behind when she fleed her apartment after the gas explosion last thursday .     she was finally reunited with kitty cordelia and sebastian on wednesday .     the aspca had found the two tramatized cats hidden under blomberg 's bed in the abandoned home .     ' i have no words , because , i mean , they 're my children , ' said an emotional blomberg following the reunion .
munira khalif from minnesota , stefan stoykov from indiana , victor agbafe from north carolina , and harold ekeh from new york got multiple offers .     all have immigrant parents - from somalia , bulgaria or nigeria - and say they have their parents ' hard work to thank for their successes .     they hope to use the opportunities for good , from improving education across the world to becoming neurosurgeons .
scientists in southern italy have known about him since 1993 .     researchers worried that rescuing the bones would shatter them .
officials say the investigation originated from intercepted chatter .     possible threat focused on parts of california , one says .
patrick kramer , 33 , is a hyper-realist artist from springville , utah .     works from photos and builds up layers of oil paints on canvas .     each work of art takes anywhere between 50 to 300 hours to complete .
punters reacted with amusement and fury to future festival cancellation .     many people were genuinely upset over the announcement - blaming the festival organisers for spending too much on drake and avicii .     but others were quick to make fun of future festival goers on social media .     organisers said the festival ` does n't make financial sense anymore '
natalie swindell , 26 , eats four bowls of rice krispies a day and little else .     despite the boring diet , nutritionists say her eating habits are balanced .     bank worker claims she has never eaten anything else since the age of two .
a reddit user handed in their notice by writing sarcastic letter .     apologises for step-mother dying , sickness and doctor 's appointments .     clearly disgruntled staff member says ` sorry ' for working unpaid overtime .
chinese internet users have dubbed it the ` craziest rear-end collision '     a white truck is struck by the turret of the tank driving behind it .     crash took place on a roundabout near a residential area yesterday .     no comments have been given regarding the cause of the incident .
national union of teachers said mps had a duty to tackle ` homophobia '     critics said proposals risked ` oversexualising ' children at a young age .     christian groups warned some teachers would have to act against beliefs .     but union said changes were needed to tackle ` prejudice in our schools '
locals had noticed the ground in the area was warmer than usual .     experts ca n't get close enough to determine how deep the hole is .     temperature measured at 792c from two metres away .     thought to be caused by a coal seam spontaneously combusting .
mohammad shatnawi scored a bizzare own goal in the jordanian league .     his al faisaly side were a goal down against rivals al whidat .     he made a brave block but overhead kicked the rebound into his own net .
david cameron travelled to cornwall overnight on paddington sleeper .     the prime minister used the visit to outline his new plan for the south west .     he promised to give chancellor george osborne a cornish pasty t-shirt .     he joked that the train trip allowed him a night of peace without the family .
in 1985 the main stand of bradford 's valley parade caught fire , killing 56 .     inquiry found the fire had probably started via stray match or cigarette .     mccall was playing that day and his father was badly burned in the blaze .     bradford fan martin fletcher claims the fire may not have been an accident .     fletcher 's father , uncle , brother and grandfather lost their lives in the fire .     fletcher claims chairman stafford heginbotham may have been to blame .     but mccall refutes those claims insisting it was just an accident .
raul hector castro passed away on friday morning while in his sleep in san diego where he was in hospice care .     he also served as a u.s. ambassador to el salvador , bolivia and argentina .     arizona governor doug ducey said castro lived a ` full life of exemplary service to arizona and its people '     he is survived by wife pat and his two daughters mary pat james and beth castro .
nypd 's secret history from first 50 years unveiled in book about the force .     looking at men who led the police , book describes kickbacks and brutality .     one chief of police led the mob to the whereabouts of his star detective .     another failed to investigate kkk infiltration in the ranks of his department .
the argentina legend scored the winner in the friendly match .     when applauding fans diego maradona kicks steward and cameraman .     was playing in the ` match for peace ' supporting colombian peace process .
dr mark porter said election winner will be tempted to bring in charges .     nhs england forecast a # 30bn budget gap by 2020 unless savings made .
wellington held its inaugural cubadupa festival bringing in performers from across the world .     new zealand 's capital shut down several streets for the colourful party that spanned several blocks .     the iconic and bohemian cuba street was the centre point of all activity and drew in thousands despite the rain .
heather hironimus and the boy 's father , dennis nebus , have been warring since her pregnancy .     they were never married but share custody of their 4-year-old child .     in a parenting agreement filed in court , the two agreed to the boy 's circumcision .     hironimus later changed her mind , giving way to a long court battle .     she filed a federal civil rights complaint late monday .     it repeats the claims that surgery on her 4-year-old son is n't necessary , that the boy does n't want it , and that his constitutional rights are being violated .     hironimus is also trying to avoid her own arrest .     the arrest was ordered after she fled in february and ignored a judge 's demand that she appear in court and allow the surgery to go forward .
andy carroll is in dubai as he steps up his recovery from knee surgery .     the west ham striker is overseas with a club physio and his fiancee .     the 26-year-old injured his medial knee ligament against southampton .
belinda earl was parachuted in to turn round the retailer 's sales slump .     today m&s said sales were up 0.7 % - the first time in almost four years .     food sales also up after retailer enjoys record valentine 's day sales .     glitches with its expensive website also fixed with sales up 13 % .     m&s shares up 20p this morning - first time above # 5.50 since 2007 .
sol campbell has put his flat in chelsea on the market for # 6.75 million .     he bought the property in 2011 and it has been renovated by his wife fiona .     former england footballer is an outspoken critic of labour 's mansion tax .     campbell , 40 , sold his # 20million london townhouse earlier this year .
fan favorite series `` arrested development '' to return for a fifth season , according to producer .     brian grazer claimed the show would be back in a podcast .     netflix is not commenting .
four-poster bed dumped in a hotel car park and sold at auction for # 2,200 .     owner suspected it had historic value and experts have been investigating .     historian now claims dna from the timber proves it belonged to henry vii .     ornate bed , now on display , was made for king and wife elizabeth of york .
steve miller is on a mission to tackle britain 's obesity crisis .     the former fat families star is an advocate of constructive fat shaming .     steve claims his interventions could save the country and the nhs millions .
vowed to set up exclusive club of ex-statesman in newsweek interview .     described his ideas of leadership as ` close to a benevolent dictatorship '     hopes to stay active in both politics and business well into his 90s .     tory mp andrew bridgen claimed mr blair came across a ` megalomaniac '
final troop pullout oddly detached as u.s. military operations die down in afghanistan .     ambitious projects , like a police logistics center in jalalabad , may not live up to their potential .
volcano already has erupted twice this week .     it has spewed ash to a depth of about 23 1/2 inches in some places , chilean officials say .     authorities issue an alert for two towns , and there 's a 12-mile exclusion zone .
manchester city are in fourth , a point behind rivals manchester united .     city were beaten 2-1 by crystal palace on monday and face united sunday .     manuel pellegrini ready to battle for three points to move above united .
stunning pictures show men firing rockets at rival churches ' bell towers in annual ` war ' , as part of age-old tradition .     president putin attends solemn mass in moscow with the country 's prime minister and the mayor of the city .     pope francis , head of roman catholic church , marks 100 years since armenian genocide with special service .
jaime hessel claimed her driver cut across lanes and drove in a bus lane .     the terrified passenger ended up getting out early as she felt ` unsafe '     then found she 'd been charged thousands for the 35-minute 7-mile trip .     uber says the bill was a clerical error and claims hessel was never actually charged the eye-popping sum .
pensioners are being offered mortgages that will be paid off at age of 105 .     nationwide is giving anyone up to 70 the chance to take out a 35-year loan .     tempting for over-55s with pensions released under reforms to buy houses .
tiny chihuahua digby was abandoned on the street next to a set of bins .     he was taken to rspca rescue centre where he met new best friend nero .     the 9st mastiff is 120 times the size and eats his pal 's weight in pet food .     digby , who was perilously close to death , has taken on a new lease of life .
instrument on eso 's very large telescope -lrb- vlt -rrb- captured image .     shows exactly how the different dusty pillars are distributed in space .     the pillars shed about 70 times the mass of the sun every million years .     they are expected to have a lifetime of perhaps three million more years - which is relatively short in cosmic terms .
2006 big brother winner pete squandered prize money on ketamine .     he is now clean but homeless - and tells jeremy kyle he wants act .     we look back at the fates of other winners of the reality tv show .     some work in showbiz , while others returned to everyday life .
fire breaks out at the general electric appliance park in louisville , kentucky .     city official : no is believed to be injured or trapped .
princess beatrice was hard at work opening a classroom in staffordshire .     visit was her second official engagement in less than four days .     on friday , she opened a memorial garden at reading school in berkshire .     but visits come shortly after another round of international travel .     last week , beatrice was at the bahrain grand prix with her boyfriend .     then jetted off to italy for a glamorous fashion event in florence .
a magistrate has refused a media ban on the trial of a sex offender .     brett anthony o'connor is the former head of child safety at education queensland .     he was arrested in march for indecently assaulting two sydney school boys more than 25 years ago .     police allege they occurred in 1987 and 1989 .     he has been suspended from his job at education queensland .
putin said on saturday that the countries need to work on common agenda .     he said us and russia are working towards same efforts of making the world order more democratic .     putin 's latest remarks come two days after saying us wanted ` not allies , but vassals '
a woman was told by sydney hotel she could n't breastfeed in ' 18s only ' area .     she was directed to use the ` baby room ' instead - the hotel 's disabled toilet .     in australia , women have a right to breastfeed in public .     the federal sex discrimination act makes it illegal to discriminate against a person on the grounds of breastfeeding .     the hotel says it is a child and breastfeeding friendly venue .
at waterloo bicentenary , research shows adults know little about the battle .     only just over half polled knew the duke of wellington led british forces .     one in eight between 18-24 said they had never heard of the famous battle .     young people likely to associate waterloo with abba and london station .
england reduce invitational xi to 24 for six after amassing lead of 320 .     hosts hold out for a draw , but the game had descended into a farce .     england will learn little from glorified net against woeful opposition .     james tredwell out-bowls adil rashid in contest to be test spinner .
taylor lynn fast , 21 , told police her daughter layla had been bitten .     police found her at home in festus , missouri , with horrifying injuries .     fast reportedly said layla was bitten night before .     officers say she had not realized her child was dead .     she has been arrested and charged with endangering a child .
tony hatch and jackie trent wrote chart-topping hits for musical superstars .     they divorced after three decades of marriage but have a daughter together .     but he did not attend her funeral when trent died at the age of 74 last month .     her second husband ` banned hatch from funeral for breaking his wife 's heart '
some apparently healthy meals worse for you than demonised junk foods .     asda 's piri piri chicken pasta salad contains a surprising 46.5 g of fat .     this exceeds the 43.3 g found in a burger king bacon and cheese whopper .     caffè nero has more fat than mcdonald 's quarter pounder with cheese .
zane gbangbola died at home in the middle of the night after gas poisoning .     authorities denied that deadly fumes were coming from nearby landfill site .     they insisted carbon monoxide from faulty pump in house caused his death .     evidence shows authorities knew hydrogen cyanide leaked into family home .     fire crews fled the riverside home for their own safety after their specialist gas detectors sounded the alarm for dangerous levels of hydrogen cyanide four hours after zane was discovered by his mother .     the concentration of the gas found could be fatal within 15 minutes ; .     carbon monoxide was never detected in the family 's home ; .     neighbours were evacuated amid fears of ` contamination from floodwater ' ; .     police and other agencies were fully informed of hydrogen cyanide at the property at the time , but never confirmed it publicly despite repeated questioning by this newspaper .
the duke and duchess of cambridge have been turned into puppets .     they will feature in a new comedy sketch show similar to spitting image .     other royals to feature include charles and camilla and prince harry .     newzoids begins on the 15th april on itv1 .
journalist sunir pandey was visiting relatives with nepal 's 7.8 magnitude quake struck .     he says they ran to shelter under a concrete beam and prayed , as dust rose from the rubble .
pilots reported 167 cases of toxic cabin fumes or smoke in four months .     twelve cases led pilots to request priority landing , with mayday call in two .     reignited debate on whether prolonged exposure to air in planes is safe .     many former pilots and aircrew think they 've suffered long-term illnesses .
ali gordon and lydia millen met when he liked her picture on instagram .     the couple then met up at a party and started dating four months later .     fitness fanatic ali then started to help lydia transform her fitness .     he taught her about training techniques and nutrition .
image went viral after it was posted by user bobitis on reddit .     the unnamed youth , from new york , knelt on a chair to reach whiteboard .     the boy is the son of new york professor and drew map from memory .
cassandra fortin removed from hartford , connecticut , home in january .     she was forced to undergo chemotherapy to treat hodgkin 's lymphoma .     her mother jackie had supported desire to explore natural alternatives .     but state ruled teen was not legally mature enough to make the decision .     on monday , cassandra was released from the children 's medical center .     she said ` i 'm so happy ' , adding that the feeling of fresh air ` is wonderful '     teen was reunited with mother in april for first time since the new year .     cancer is in remission , but she says she is happy she ` fought for my rights '
cyclone strength winds have lashed parts of nsw as heavy rain continues to fall .     commuters using umbrellas have abandoned them in bins and gutters after the wind destroyed them .     workers have posted pictures of broken brollies around sydney with the hashtag #umbrellageddon .     manufacturers say if damage is caused by the wind that does not constitute a faulty frame .     ` always carry your umbrella into the wind and not over your head , ' umbrella expert advised .
andy murray and kim sears are getting married in dunblane this weekend .     tennis star is a hero in his hometown and locals are already celebrating .     bunting lines the streets and cartoons of the pair are in shop windows .
cheryl rios of dallas posted her views on her facebook page on sunday after hillary clinton announced that she was going to run for president .     ` with the hormones we have , there is no way -lsb- a woman -rsb- should be able to start a war , ' she wrote in her post .     rios , the ceo of go ape marketing and says she women can be successful in business , but does n't think a woman can run the country .     rios said she would move to canada if hillary clinton became president .
magazine published a rape on campus in november 2014 issue .     graphically recounted supposed gang-rape of university of virginia student .     sabrina rubin erdely wrote article based on interviews with victim ` jackie '     did not speak to alex stock or ryan duffin , who were portrayed poorly .     they could have revealed jackie 's unreliability before story went to press .     duffin today took the magazine to task and said its reputation is shot .
maysak has sustained winds of more than 130 mph but is expected to weaken .     it 's forecast to hit the philippines during the easter weekend .
captain lee mcculloch was booed by rangers supporters last weekend .     mcculloch made an error that led to raith rovers hitting the back of the net .     rangers play league leaders hearts in the scottish championship saturday .
charlie hill contemplates returning to the united states for family and blackberry pie .     he would also have to face justice on charges of killing a police officer and hijacking a plane .
lebron james posted an unhappy picture at the dentist on instagram .     his visit to the dentist 's chair follows his first triple-double for cleveland .     james brought 20 points , 10 rebounds and 12 assists in win over chicago .
dan klice , 57 , was hit by soaring projectile ` after a gust of wind '     tried to dodge it , but fell , leaving his heel exposed when javelin struck .     he was judging a contest at ramapo college , mahwah , new jersey .
kate middleton is preparing to give birth to her second child this week .     the duchess of cambridge is already mother to prince george , one .     a parenting expert tells femail how to cope with two children under two .
lania roberts is a freshman painting major at syracuse university , in new york , and specializes in creating colorful self-portraits .     the 18-year-old recently gave a moving on-campus speech about unconditional self-love .     her speech detailed her journey from being bullied as a child to eventually realizing she did not have to meet the physical standards of others .
` miracle on ice ' doctor george nagobads was allegedly mugged by a teenager on sunday as he was visiting his wife 's grave .     he was released from the hospital on tuesday with 18 stitches in his head .     he was played by kenneth welsh in the 2004 movie ` miracle , ' about the usa 's improbable gold medal in their 1980 run in lake placid .
heist occurred march 1 in wilson county , north carolina .     armored truck traveling from miami to boston was robbed by three men .     275 pounds of gold worth nearly $ 5 million stolen .     a 26-pound gold bar worth $ 500,000 now recovered in south florida .     police previously suspected it was an inside job .     the guards had pulled over because one felt sick .     goods transported with company , transvalue , insured up to $ 100 million .
in 2013 , anthony stokes ' family said a hospital refused him a heart due to his `` history of noncompliance ''     hospital eventually gave stokes a heart ; on tuesday he carjacked someone , burglarized a home , police said .     stokes shot at an elderly woman , hit a pedestrian with a stolen car and died in a police chase , authorities said .
companies including philip morris and r.j. reynolds in suit alleging violation of free speech .     in march , the fda issued guidance about changes to tobacco product labels .     if significant changes are made to a product 's label , like color or a logo , the product requires new approval .
tim tebow is expected to sign with the team monday , in time to participate in the entire off-season program , reports say .     he last played an nfl game in 2013 with the new york jets .     since then he 's been a college football commentator on sec network .     tebow won millions of fans for his public displays of his christian faith on and off the field .     his inaccurate passing and lack of pocket presence plagued him in nfl .
two neuroscientists have conducted brain imaging to examine moments of clarity .     sudden `` insights '' are otherwise known as `` eureka '' or `` aha '' moments .     we can increase our chance of these insights with a variety of daily changes .
clive howard , 57 , preyed on lone women on norfolk and cambridge streets .     he was jailed for life after final victim was able to describe his volvo car .     jessica howard , 23 , was returning from a night out when he raped her .     since he was found guilty 15 more potential victims have come forward .
johanna basford has sold 1.4 million copies of her book secret garden .     the trend for grown-ups colouring in is said to have started in france .     craze has spread across the globe with fans starting colouring-in groups .     experts say the pursuit allows those doing it to rediscover their creativity .
lucy , 24 , stars in very.co.uk 's #cantwaitforsummer campaign .     shows off ibiza-inspired designs and her enviable figure .     femail caught up with the star and her trainer to discover her regime .     trainer says lucy shows women you can enjoy life , train and reap rewards .
wayne rooney , david de gea and louis van gaal greeted unwell fans .     michael carrick and ashley young were also in attendance .     the ` dream day ' was organised by the manchester united foundation .
new zealand recently changed how they calculate child support figures .     some parents are outraged , labelling the changes as ` unreasonable '     one parent said he quit his job so he would n't have to face a $ 600 increase .     he said after he halved his income , his payment dropped by two thirds .
mit 's algorithm reveals how effectively someone is striking keys .     it does this by studying how long key is pressed before being released .     team are working on an app that gathers same data from a smartphone .     it could detect other problems that affect movement , such as arthritis .
ian wright presented tony mccoy with champion jockey trophy .     mccoy finished third on box office in last-ever race on saturday .     the 40-year-old also finished third on mr mole in penultimate race .     mccoy was reduced to tears as he competed professionally for last time .     racing legend has been champion jockey 20 times .     sandown filled with punters to bid mccoy farewell .
president obama kicked off festivities for annual event monday morning .     mrs obama joined so you think you can dance all stars for routine .     white house expected 35,000 to attend the annual tradition .     the easter egg roll dates back to 1878 , during rutherford b hayes ' administration .
made in chelsea star binky felstead , 24 , stars in street style video .     shares five must-haves to always be in fashion in london 's sw3 area .     statement jewellery , cashmere and a biker jacket are fashion essentials .
image shows two men praying at half-time during fa cup clash .     how would the management have reacted if some devout catholics had decided to stage a holy communion at half-time ?     muslim fans could start demanding special prayer rooms at stadiums .
manchester united and manchester city clash in sunday 4pm derby .     chelsea also in derby action when they visit queens park rangers .     liverpool host newcastle united in monday night football .     arsenal travel to burnley for late saturday kick-off .     tim sherwood returns to tottenham hotspur with aston villa .
the child was held by his mother when he slipped and fell between 10 and 12ft into the pit on saturday around 3pm at the cleveland metroparks zoo .     he was rescued by his parents before emergency responders arrived on the scene ; he suffered from minor bruises and bumps .     the cheetahs seemed to ignore the boy and his parents while in the pit .     zoo plans to press child endangerment charges .
miller : while the u.s. entangles itself in the nuclear negotiations , iran is gaining a freer hand to assert its regional influence .     he says united states is being outfoxed , not outgunned .
a man named jamie proposed to girlfriend dawn on the itv show .     she reacted by throwing the diamond at him and storming off in tears .     dawn then followed that by revealing that she had been cheating on him .     episode was entitled : my fiancé is a womaniser but is he a cheat ?     the jeremy kyle show , weekdays at 9.25 am on itv .
tony orrell reached 38 stone after living off takeaways .     couple had to cancel holidays due to illness caused by his weight .     after developing diabetes the 56-year-old decided to take up zumba .     he lost 21 stone in three years and encouraged his wife to slim down .     debbie , 56 , shed eight stone and now weighs 10 stone .
zach birnie films his descent of mountain with a helmet-mounted camera .     snow begins falling around skier while he negotiates the off-piste slope .     after being buried alive zach manages to fight himself free from the snow .     the terrifying incident occurred on the slopes in revelstoke , canada .
drug plus chemotherapy has now been licensed by european regulators .     it has been available in england via cancer drugs fund since last march .     600 women with advanced cervical cancer could benefit from it each year .     nearly 3,000 women diagnosed with cervical cancer in britain annually .
profile in courage award is going to a republican congressman who risked his career while recognizing the danger of climate change .     authors : addressing climate challenge is today 's moon shot , an enormous effort that will pay big benefits .
eileen dee was being treated for cancer when she caught the lethal bug .     her husband rené has spoken of watching her die just five days later .     several hospital rooms , including eileen 's , found to have traces of bacteria .     mr dee is now suing the hospital trust in brighton for clinical negligence .
at the height of her addiction julie merner drank a bottle of vodka a day .     39-year-old has been admitted to hospital 13 times in six years .     mother-of-three has been told one more drop of alcohol will kill her .     admits she is to blame but does not feel bad about # 100,000 nhs care bill .
the smash hit series `` game of thrones '' returns for a fifth season sunday .     major story arcs should start to converge this year .
pippa middleton , 31 , was spotted arm-in-arm with nico jackson , 36 .     the two live in different countries but are clearly very much together .     earlier this year , it was reported they were on the verge of a split .     miss middleton will become an aunt for the second time within days .     the duchess of cambridge 's due date is thought to be this saturday .
parents of martin richard argue against death penalty for dzhokhar tsarnaev .     the 8-year-old boy was youngest of victims in the boston marathon bombings .     sentencing phase for tsarnaev begins next week .
ivan rakitic and wife raquel mauri shared instagram selfie from the beach .     barcelona midfielder is hoping for la liga and champions league glory .     lionel messi is expecting a second child with antonella roccuzzo .
ford announced at a press conference on thursday that he will undergo a 8-10 hour surgery to remove a tumor on may 11 .     he was diagnosed with malignant liposarcoma - a rare type of soft tissue cancer that begins in fat cells or fatty tissue - last year .     he had refused to step down as mayor in light of his crack and alcohol binges , but the diagnosis forced him to give up the role .     but he ran for his old seat in city council and won .
find the fda 's official report for the recalled product .     if the product is within the use-by date , it should still be recalled .
farage accused labour of claiming ukip is racist as it is ` running scared '     attacked labour of ` sneering ' at people who raise issues on immigration .     accused chuka umunna of making ` tired and old claims ' about his party .     ukip 's strategists believe they could come second in 100 seats in the north .
aljaz bedene lost 6-1 , 6-4 to jiri vesely at the grand prix hassan ii .     the world no 99 switched allegiance from slovenia to great britain .     second seed martin klizan saw off nicolas almagro 6-4 7-6 .
bomb expert david hyche created the eggs when his daughter turned blind .     the children follow sound of a beeper in a plastic egg , trade it for candy .     he has now passed on the idea to alabama institute for deaf and blind .
diana 's will is among those stored in an archive which is to be put online .     in it she bequeathed # 50,000 free of tax to her former butler paul burrell .     the rest of her estate was divvied up between princes william and harry .     internet users can pay # 10 to view the documents and millions of others .
a narrabeen house damaged in the sydney storms has been demolished .     it began sliding down the hill it was built on , endangering homes nearby .     a team of firefighters , police , and engineers to bring the property down .     a cherry picker , four pressurised hoses , and a thick cable were used .     neighbours clapped and cheered when it was destroyed .
water temple fair held annually in jiangnan , china , where fishermen gather to pay homage to ancient hero .     locals dress up in their traditional costumes and perform local rituals with dances , boat races and songs .     honours general lui chengzhong , a hero of yuan dynasty -lrb- 1279-1368 -rrb- , who eliminated pests during drought .
wild asian elephant was trapped in a swamp in rural southern china .     female animal had battled all night to escape before being discovered .     villagers and police teamed up in a dramatic three-hour rescue operation .     exhausted elephant can not stand up and is being treated with medication .
fifteen baltimore police officers were injured monday night in clashes with rioters angry over the death of freddie gray .     while most the officers appeared peaceful in their control of the crowds , one officer was pictured lobbing a rock back at rioters .
hairstylist chris appleton explained the inspiration for 24-year-old rita 's unique and over-the-top hairstyles .     he confessed that her blonde mane requires a lot of ` maintenance ' and has to be bleached every three weeks .     unlike kim kardashian however , chris does n't believe rita will be going back to brunette any time soon .
police seized bedding and electronic devices from site of alleged attack .     men were in canada playing a hockey tournament with canadian forces .     the alleged sex attack took place at military base in nova scotia .     sailors are being held and are due back in court on monday .
italian-american tenant adele sarno , 85 , received a letter from her landlord , italian american museum , seeking to increase rent to market rate of $ 3,500 .     fight over her two-bedroom apartment began five years ago .     she has been living there since 1962 when rent was just $ 150 a month .
porto host bayern munich in their champions league quarter-final first leg .     the match on wednesday brings together the two highest scoring teams .     managers julen lopetegui and pep guardiola were barcelona team-mates .     lopetegui said his side is still evolving with new talent from the summer .
bobby brown has maintained his daughter is awake from her coma .     maternal grandmother cissy houston updated fans clarifying that her grandchild is ` no longer in a medically induced coma '     but cissy explained that her granddaughter is irreversibly brain damaged and unresponsive .     the hospitalised woman 's 46-year-old father told fans at a dallas concert on saturday that ` bobbi is awake . she 's watching me '     on monday , his wife alicia tried to clarify bobby 's statement saying ` she has made it out of icu and opened her eyes '     a source close to the houston family shared that they ` have no idea where bobby is getting his information '     the 22-year-old only child of the late whitney houston was first hospitalized on january 31 after being found face down and unconscious in a bathtub at her georgia home .
a letter of thanks penned by masters champion jordan spieth when he was 16-years-old has surfaced which reinforces his nice guy image .     six years ago the pga golfer was on a scholarship at jesuit high school in dallas , which was funded by the murphy family who he thanks in his letter .     ` thanks again for your kindness , ' wrote the then number one junior golfer in the country in his best handwriting .     spieth won countless plaudits following sunday 's masters victory not just for his golf but also his humble attitude .
thomas k. jenkins , 49 , was arrested last month by deputies with the prince george 's county sheriff 's office , authorities said .     police say jenkins had cut a hole in the roof of a commercial business in maryland on march 9 and deputies arrested him as he fled .     jenkins is accused of carrying out multiple robberies in dover , delaware .     he is facing 72 charges from the dover police department for 18 robberies .     the delaware state police is planning to file charges over a 19th robbery , which occurred in a part of dover where jurisdiction is held by state police .
addison russell , 21 , was playing in his first home game for chicago cubs .     he was batting in the seventh inning when he swung at pitch and lost bat .     bat struck a fan sitting several rows behind the cubs ' on-deck circle .     fan suffered ` wounds ' but was conscious and taken to a nearby hospital .     russell saw fan get hit and said : ` words ca n't describe how bad i feel '
the coach burst into flames while on the a2 slip road to the m25 at dartford .     the blaze sent plumes of black smoke drifting across the carriageway .     it is thought that the fire began in the engine and spread to the rest of the coach .
ukip leader nigel farage risks alienating those watching debate last night .     complains of ` remarkable audience even by left-wing standards of bbc '     comments on housing pressure due to immigration greeted with mutters .     david dimbleby says independent polling firm chose ` balanced ' audience .
nicholas tooth , 25 , was playing for the quirindi lions in regional nsw .     on saturday he hit his head on an opponent 's shoulder during a tackle .     he was airlifted to newcastle 's john hunter hospital in a critical condition .     on sunday mr tooth , who had been living in sydney , died in hospital .
government names abdirahim abdullahi as one attacker ; his father is a government official .     kenyan government tweets that attack mastermind was mohamed mohamud .     al-shabaab threatens `` another bloodbath '' in kenya .
arsenal are in advanced talks with velez sarsfield over a # 4.5 million swoop .     maxi romero , 16 , has been compared to barcelona star lionel messi .     deal has been held up by red-tape over the make-up of ownership rights .     click here for all the latest arsenal news .
sarah appeared on monday 's jeremy kyle show to have dna test .     wanted to find out if phil was her real father .     he had raised her but mother cast doubt on his paternity .     they were heartbroken to discover they are not related .
once heard on stage , in the street and at work , whistling is on the decline .     end of variety shows , working class jobs and rise of mobiles contributed .     poll shows 70 percent heard more whistling twenty or thirty years ago .     popular in the life of brian and 1980s pop songs , now the whistle is out .
the international community is calling for the release of the five women .     chinese authorities detained them last month over their campaign for gender equality .
aaron murphy scored twice as huddersfield ended three-match losing run .     former wakefield wildcats star has now scored six tries in his last five .     murphy went over in the left corner on 15 minutes from jake connor 's pass .     he was then on hand when ukuma ta'ai off-loaded kick from danny brough .
six people taken hostage in a kosher market siege say media outlet endangered their lives .     they hid in a cold room during the attack in paris by gunman amedy coulibaly .
australian plus-size model laura wells talks to women 's weekly .     size 14 beauty reveals the extreme diets of her room mates in new york .     says agents told models to follow extreme diet for fashion week .     last week france passed law banning excessively thin models .     agents and brands who do not comply will face fines and imprisonment .
inter milan are interested in signing midfielders lucas leiva and alex song .     inter are keen on manchester city duo yaya toure and stevan joevtic .     roberto mancini worked with them both during his spell at the club .     click here for all the latest liverpool news .     click here for all the latest manchester city news .
ozil will not be sanctioned for being spotted in berlin nightclub .     it came hours after missing match at newcastle through illness .     german star explained to wenger that he was attending friend 's birthday .     arsenal play liverpool at the emirates on saturday lunchtime .     danny welbeck could return after knee injury suffered on england duty .     gunners trail premier league leaders chelsea by seven points .
cross-dressing bankrobber entered u.s. bank in santa cruz on friday .     cashier handed over money after being handed a note making demands .     man wearing the exact same outfit was seen acting suspiciously outside a different bank an hour earlier .
an unidentified man was caught on the nbc sports channel wandering across the green at the ko olina resort in oahu and plunging into a pond .     announcers could n't help but chuckle at the course-crasher 's escapades as he went into the water to retrieve a hat that had blown off in the wind .     thegolfnewsnet.com reported that the man made it out of the water with his hat , but had to leave the beer behind .     the 2015 lotte championship , hosted at the ko olina resort in hawaii , comes to a close on april 18 .
philip kirby was jailed for eight years in 2011 for raping gemma redhead .     the 32-year-old raped his former partner and mother of his child at knifepoint and was jailed and banned from contacting her for life .     he was released from prison after three years and phoned ms redhead , who was left terrified and feeling trapped by call from her former partner .     kirby has been returned to prison and will not be released until 2023 .
paula duncan is an australian actress famous for ` ajax spray 'n' wipe ' ad .     previously starred in seventies shows ` the young doctors ' and ` cop shop '     jessica orcsik , daughter of duncan , found her after suicide attempt .     duncan talks candidly about feeling rejected and attempting to take her life .
greg dyke wants to increase the minimum number of homegrown players at premier league clubs from eight to 12 .     fa chairman has been backed by ex-england bosses graham taylor , glenn hoddle , kevin keegan , sven-goran eriksson and steve mcclaren .     rise of harry kane proves england can develop talented youngsters .
progress m-27m suffered a glitch moments after launch this morning .     roscosmos says problem is with its antenna and propulsion system .     spacecraft was scheduled to dock with the iss today to deliver food .     plan is ` indefinitely abandoned ' as russia scrambles to gain control .
stylist lily melrose has imaginative ways to update your wardrobe .     uk blogger shares diy tips to take winter clothes into spring on the cheap .     they include bejewelling sunglasses and fringing boots .
chris rock posts selfies after being pulled over three times in last seven weeks .     `` stopped by the cops again wish me luck , '' he posted this week .
elderly fishermen in guilin , china , keep the unusual , ancient tradition of cormorant bird fishing alive .     the bird , which they have often raised from a chick , dives into the water and retrieves a carp for its owner .     this is an ecologically safe way of fishing , as the birds are not harmed and the men only catch what they need .
peggy drexler : video of toya graham hitting son as she drags him from protests has raised questions . was she a hero ? abusive ?     neither , she says ; she was a mom trying to steer her adolescent in a heated city conflict , and more moms need this kind of commitment .
clarkson has not spoken publicly about sacking since news broke in march .     he today gave ` heartfelt thanks ' to fans , saying he would ` miss being there '     rippon , 70 , keen to return to show and wants woman in presenting line-up .     meanwhile , bosses are reportedly trying to cling onto james may and richard hammond .
jon reiter was attempting his first climb to the summit at the time .     survived the avalanche but then helped to distribute medicine to the hurt .     managed to contact his wife susan by satellite phone in the aftermath .     three americans who were on the mountain at the time were killed .     they were among 18 mountaineers and many sherpas who perished .
in 1915 , 1.5 million armenians were killed by ottoman turks in what historians have described as the first genocide of the 20th century .     obama refused to call the mass killings a ` genocide ' in official statement despite promising as a presidential candidate that he would .     turkish officials furiously deny there was a genocide , and obama has shied away from offending the close u.s. ally .     kim kardashian - who is armenian on her father 's side - has called the killings a genocide and says obama should too .     kasdashian recently traveled to the country for the first time with her husband kanye west , sister khole and cousins kara and kourtni .
the video depicts the 918 spyder driving down the stuart highway .     the car was driven by new zealand professional racer craig baird .     the stunt is part of a promotional tour to showcase the hybrid cars .
author of ` into the wild ' spoke to five rape victims in missoula , montana .     ` missoula : rape and the justice system in a college town ' was released april 21 .     three of five victims profiled in the book sat down with abc 's nightline wednesday night .     kelsey belnap , allison huguet and hillary mclaughlin said they had been raped by university of montana football players .     huguet and mclaughlin 's attacker , beau donaldson , pleaded guilty to rape in 2012 and was sentenced to 10 years .     belnap claimed four players gang-raped her in 2010 , but prosecutors never charged them citing lack of probable cause .     mr krakauer wrote book after realizing close friend was a rape victim .
letourneau and vili fualaau and their two teenage daughters spoke to barbara walters in a 20/20 interview that will air friday .     letourneau and fualaau got close as she gave him extra help with his artwork when she was his sixth-grade teacher in 1996 .     she said that she thought they would be able to stop at just a kiss but it went much further - and she fell pregnant when he was just 13 .     she served a few months in jail and fell pregnant with his second child within weeks ; she was then sent back to prison for seven years .     but a year after her release in 2004 , they married and are still together .     vili fualaau lamented that he did n't have the right support as a young father of two girls and detailed his history of depression .
cody neatis , 8 , has down 's syndrome , epilepsy and autism and is tube-fed .     was admitted to hospital but has had to sleep on a mattress on the floor .     needs a special high-sided bed to sleep in as he moves around in the night .     mother lynne neatis says she has been battling hospital for it for two years .     hospital says it is waiting for a special bed from america to be delivered .
ellia beasley loved singing along to lost prophets song as a teen .     decided to have line ` scream your heart out ' tattooed onto her belly .     but then the band 's lead singer was exposed as child abuser and jailed .     22-year-old hated being associated with him thanks to tattoo .     tattoo disasters uk begins on tuesday 21st april at 9pm on spike - sky 160 , talk talk 31 , bt tv 31 , freeview 31 and freesat 141 .
some of baltimore 's unrest may have been inspired by the `` purge '' movies .     movies are about a dystopian america where all crime is temporarily legal .
sudheer khamitkar , shot his wife , smita haval khamitkar , and their sons arnav khamitkar , 10 and arush khamitkar , six , earlier this week .     their bodies were found after mrs khamitkar 's employers , american airlines , requested a welfare check when she failed to turn up to work .     police say they still do not have any motive but are speaking to mr khamitkar 's employers ; he recently switched jobs , they said .
the singer had been off the scene for a while .     she says she was bedridden for months .     lavigne was sometimes too weak to shower .
dartmouth is the only ivy league school in an early primary state , giving he school enormous influence and a recurring role hosting primary debates .     random sampling of 50 students found just nine who said hillary clinton would make a good president .     seven of those nine said they knew little about her political baggage .     age and gender do n't matter to millennial academic elites , but they 're concerned about clinton extending barack obama 's foreign policy .     clinton will visit new hampshire on monday and tuesday for the first time since her campaign launch a week ago .
the yeatman has been open for just five years , but has the feel of a place steeped in decades-old tradition .     there is a wine theme throughout the five-star hotel , with guests enjoying amazing views of the douro river .     the hotel is built into a hill in vila nova de gaia , with almost every room themed after a portuguese winery .
david cameron has admitted that he and wife samantha were ` falling apart '     frank admission over pressure of trying to care for their disabled son ivan .     ivan was born with rare disorder - ohtahara syndrome - and died aged six .
the stay occurred in the yagodina village in the remote rodopi mountains .     walking up to nine miles every day there were many sights to be seen .     yagodina cave features stunning luminescent stalactites and stalagmites .
ben parsons , 34 , from brighton , proposed to girlfriend anna jefferson , 36 .     parsons had already run 24.5 miles of the 26.2 mile marathon .     parson still managed to beat his personal best and finished in 3hrs 36mins .
leia , an eight-month-old boxer from pennsylvania , was filmed as she lay on the couch and latched on to a baby 's pacifier .     footage shows her then sucking on it before closing her eyes and loudly snoring in her sleep .     to date the video of leia has garnered more than 145,000 likes on facebook , with many viewers deeming the scene ` cute ' and ` adorable '
both designers sent models down runway with sequins glued to faces .     highlight shows of wednesday included steven khalil and kate sylvester .     manning cartell show to attract star front row in the evening .
walter scott owed over $ 18,000 in back child support payments , documents show .     walter scott had four children and served in the coast guard , his brother says .     he was shot in the back and killed by a north charleston police officer .
gray was arrested on a weapons charge april 12 ; he was dead seven days later .     gray was placed inside a police van after his arrest ; it 's unclear if anything happened inside the van .     gray has a criminal history but it 's unclear whether that had anything to do with his arrest , or death .
police arrest demonstrators near union square in new york .     protests also held in washington , minneapolis and boston .
radical change in the law to protect a generation of children will be introduced if the conservatives win the election .     culture and media secretary sajid javid is setting out plans to shield youngsters from easy access to hardcore online pornography .     promised legislation to force distributors to put effective age verification technology in place .     his pledge is a victory for the daily mail 's block online porn campaign .
one of the earliest televisors is expected to fetch up to # 22k at auction .     forerunner of the television was manufactured in 1928 and cost around # 26 .     television had tiny , poor quality picture - little bigger than a postage stamp .
christopher eccleston 's turn was among shortest incarnations of dr who .     actor , who grew up in manchester , played the doctor for just 13 episodes .     he was a huge hit with fans , but fell out with show boss russell t davies .     the 51-year-old suggested he quit after a row over his decision to play character with a strong northern accent .
mick schumacher signed deal with van amersfoort racing last month .     16-year-old is son of seven-time f1 world champion michael schumacher .     mick makes official formula 4 pre-season test debut at oschersleben .     team-mate is harrison newey , son of red bull designer adrian .
ms hanson slammed imposing halal certification on australians .     she described the move as a ` profit , money-making racket '     one nation leader denied that any clashes took place at rally in brisbane .     ` criticism is not racism . we have a right to have a say , ' she says .     protesters clashed with anti-racist activists in sydney and melbourne .     twitter account claimed to be linked with group behind anti-islam protests .     originally believed reclaim australia gave control of feed to a supporter .     however , ` jeremy ' began to tweet jokes as the protest in sydney started .     thousands attend reclaim australia rallies across the country .
customer witnessed dog being butchered at lo yen city restaurant .     it was killed to be served as a pork dish , it has been alleged .     police raided the restaurant and arrested five people , including the owner .     officials on the scene discovered a decapitated puppy in a rubbish bin .
neighbourhood watch treasurer has been handed three-year restraining order banning him from contacting neighbours following row over gate .     paul phillips said john and karen copleston moved gate on to his land .     but they claim he harassed them over the dispute which ended up in court .     case against mr phillips was dismissed but restraining order was imposed .
class of '92 owners of salford city discuss their non-league club .     paul scholes , phil neville and gary neville co-own alongside former manchester united team-mates nicky butt and ryan giggs .     salford currently top the evo-stik league first division north .
robert gentile was charged with selling a firearm to an undercover agent .     but his attorney claims the arrest was a ruse to get gentile to talk about the 1990 boston art heist at the isabel stewart gardner museum .     gentile 's house was searched in 2012 and police found a list of the stolen art pieces and their estimated value , as well as police uniforms .     the half-a-billion heist remains unsolved and fbi has never come close to finding thieves .     gardner museum continues to display empty frames , and is offering $ 5million reward for the return of the works .
james webster , 35 , took photos as victims leaned against display cabinets .     shoppers became suspicious when saw him angling his bag for best view .     webster admitted one count of outraging public decency in the lidl store .     ordered to complete sexual offences treatment programme as part of three year community sentence .
campaign focuses on lack of sanitary care for women living rough .     video plays voice of homeless woman saying : ` why does a woman have to rip up a cloth put between her to protect herself from bleeding ? '     trio behind the project are oliver frost , josie shedden and sara bakhaty .     80,000 people have already signed the homeless period petition .
during a question and answer session at the white house for children , a little girl named anya brodie asked michelle obama her age .     when obama told brodie that she was 51 brodie exclaimed , ` you 're too young for 51 ! '     on wednesday the white house hosted their annual take our daughters and sons to work day .
isis released images showing graves being destroyed on social media .     group said graves above ground showed dead closer to allah than living .     this meant that they must be destroyed , the terrorist organisation argued .
anthony ray hinton was freed apri 3 , decades after conviction for two murders .     things like using a fork , getting used to the dark are challenges now that he 's out .     he says his sense of humor helped him survive 30 years in prison .
providenciales in the turks and caicos is the top tripadvisor travelers ' choice award winner for islands .     maui ranks first on the top 10 islands list for the united states .
floyd mayweather meets manny pacquiao in las vegas on may 2 .     chef q quiana jeffries prepares us boxer 's food using organic produce .     she says champ has a soft spots for twizzlers , noodles and fried hotdogs .
piglet was born in china with only two front legs has learned to walk .     villagers have flocked to see the two-legged animal in qionglai city .     a video released online and has captured the hearts of thousands .
tsarnaev family members arrive in boston , but it 's not clear if they 'll testify .     a woman testifies that she had to choose whether to keep her leg ; some other victims had no choice .     starting monday , the defense is expected to call witnesses to explain dzhokhar tsarnaev 's difficult upbringing .
google has been steadily revealing some of the biggest questions its users have typed into the search engine regarding 2016 presidential candidates .     many of the questions focused on candidates ' ages and heights .     others have asked about where candidates are from and their political party affiliations .
manuscript of `` american pie '' lyrics is sold to unnamed buyer for $ 1.2 million .     douglas brinkley : the song , a talisman for its age , brings joy to people 44 years later .
ukip leader asked to justify lack of black and asian faces in manifesto .     but he said there was one ` half black ' person and one ` fully black person '     ukip 's immigration spokesman steven woolfe has mixed heritage .     included in the manifesto was also a photo of an african receiving aid .
haley fox , 24 , of turner , oregon , fractured 26-year-old samuel campbell 's skull with a baseball bat at her home last wednesday .     she offered him wine at her home and then told him to ` close his eyes '     fox and campbell , of adger , alabama , had been in a relationship for around two years after meeting online .
ruben blundell 's brother was four days overdue .     family had to deliver the baby at home - and ruben assisted in the birth .     fetched towels and even told his mother michelle to breathe .     father ben helped deliver baby theo , who ruben is besotted with .
horse won by rugby star mike tindall at boozy auction wins him # 105,000 .     former england player bought monbeg dude for # 12,000 at charity event .     tindall and wife zara phillips celebrate at aintree after outsider came third .     sport star tweets he is lost for words and emotions following surprise win .
kyle hargreaves was caught kissing a girl on a stretcher in the ambulance .     when confronted , the 18-year-old replied ` we are just trying to have sex '     he punched paramedic michael newman three times and spat in his face .
video of toya graham going to a protest and forcefully removing her son went viral , drew a lot of praise .     the single mother of six tells cnn her son was scolded that he was n't brought up that way .     michael singleton says he knows his mom was trying to protect him .
osborne sits down with the mail on sunday while on the campaign trail .     reveals how much has changed since he was booed at 2012 paralympics .     warns britain will become an economic basket case under labour .     hits out at rival 's ` sanctimonious rubbish ' about standing up for the many .
judge judy and her husband jerry sheindlin were particularly playful at the women 's guild cedars-sinai luncheon where she was the honoree .     the emmy-winning tv judge just renewed her tv contract with cbs for another three years .     she reportedly earns $ 47 million a year - the highest paid personality on television .
shiba the dog has been trained to open a window with his nose and paw .     visitors have travelled from as far away as britain and taiwan to see him .     tourists offer snacks and pose for selfies with the internet sensation .     a youtube video featuring his skills has more than two million views .     shiba can often be found napping in a display case under the counter .
the all-gender restroom opened in eisenhower executive office building .     facility is first of its kind at white house and is for staff and guests .     comes after executive order on lgbt workplace discrimination took effect .
ayyan ali was caught in islamabad airport with the money in her carry-on bag .     the glamorous model has been in jail since march 14 and was been denied bail .     illegal to carry out over $ 10,000 but lawyers say she was not going to fly with it .     they she had yet to check in , and was going to give money to her brother .
laura robson has not played since january 2014 due to a wrist problem .     she has had surgery and is now reportedly eyeing a french open return .     robson took time out to enjoy some country music at tortuga festival .
pregnant rebecca adlington , 26 , has struggled with her changing shape .     she ca n't wait to regain her pre-pregnancy figure and feel herself again .     the gold medal swimmer also revealed she is planning a water birth .
two former casino workers and a former model spoke out for the first time .     they were aged 20 , 24 , and 27 at the time of the alleged assaults .     all claim cosby , 77 , gave them either drugs or alcohol .     one described ` waking up in bed naked next to him after being drugged '     gloria allred , lawyer for many of the 38 alleged victims , represents them .     she said she planned the press conference to damage cosby 's ticket sales .
stunning tale came from white house domestic help who tended to the clintons ' every need during the 1990s .     book published today is based on more than 100 interviews with ordinary non-political staff who ran america 's presidential mansion .     one former head of the household staff said : they were about the most paranoid people i 'd ever seen in my life '     another staff member said he was fired after he helped former first lady barbara bush with her computer because clintons feared he was gossiping .     a third recalled listening as bill and hillary fought during the monica lewinsky saga , with hillary once calling him a ` g * ddamn b * stard '
jordan brennan , 17 , died after being attacked in a manchester corner shop .     he was assaulted by teen who thought his ethnicity was being mocked .     the killer , now 17 , was jailed for eight months after admitting manslaughter .     jordan 's mother , kim , says the sentence is an insult to her son 's memory .
car plunged off a road into los angeles harbor on thursday .     the parents swam to the surface but the two boys were trapped .     both died were pronounced dead in hospital .     the adults are in a fair condition .     police are investigating whether the crash was intentional .     the victims have not been identified .     firefighter miguel meza who dove into the water has been hailed a hero .
international fellowship of christians and jews has brought 600 jews to israel since december .     the margolin family is among them ; their home in eastern ukraine was bombed .
two raiders tried to attack a jewellery shop in wigan , greater manchester .     they smashed in with an axe and sledgehammer but a brave employee managed to hold them back .     criminals escaped on a motorbike but witness caught them on camera .     police are now appealing for information to help them catch the raiders .
round four of the 2015 formula one season takes place at the sakhir circuit for the bahrain grand prix .     bahrain was the first country from the middle-east to hold a world championship grand prix in 2004 .     fernando alonso is the most successful driver in sakhir having won three times in the desert .     lewis hamilton looks for second win in bahrain in bid to make it three out of four victories in 2015 season .     click here for all the latest f1 news .
craig dawson set to return to west brom defence after serving ban .     but youssouf mulumbu starts three-match suspension .     matthew upson and dean hammond available for leicester city .     hammond has been sidelined since january but is back in training .
man is seen swaying and then barging into a 63-year-old outside aintree .     the man stumbles and then falls backwards to the floor into the road .     onlookers helped and he was taken to hospital and treated for bruising .     police confirmed that the 34-year-old perpetrator in the video has come forward and been interviewed under caution for the alleged assault .
riddick bowe was once seen as best heavyweight boxer in the world .     he sensationally beat evander holyfield and earned a # 15m fortune .     but after retiring in 1998 bowe ended up in prison and filed for bankruptcy .     former champion is now offering to tweet ` anything ' in return for $ 20 .
diego simeone 's atletico madrid lost 1-0 against their great rivals real .     sportsmail 's jamie carragher feels simeone 's style of play would not appeal to premier league giants arsenal , manchester united or city .     only a late javier hernandez goal separated the madrid neighbours .     read : thierry henry hits out at hernandez for celebrating late winner .     click here for the lowdown on the uefa champions league final four .
jimmy anderson will make 100th test appearance for england on monday .     england play the west indies in the first of three test matches .     anderson reveals he has no plans to retire and still feels fit .     the 32-year-old admits low periods during his early career spurred him on .
edmund echukwu died in pool at swingers ' party in hertfordshire on friday .     35-year-old believed to be a nigerian father-of-three from north london .     owner of mansion says he may have suffered heart attack in water .     a post-mortem examination is due to be held today ahead of an inquest .
a study published in tuesday 's journal of the american medical association revealed the figures .     almost 30 million health records nationwide were involved in criminal theft , malicious hacking or other data breaches over four years .     compromised information included patients ' names , home addresses , ages , illnesses , test results or social security numbers .     most involved electronic data and theft , including stolen laptops and computer thumb drives .     cyber-security experts say thieves may try to use patients ' personal information to fraudulently obtain medical services .
kim sears watched novak djokovic defeat andy murray at the miami open .     looked serious in a whistles black mini dress , sunglasses and straw hat .     third time kim , 27 , has worn a black dress at the miami open .
ring is an illusion created by the chance alignment of two galaxies .     albert einstein predicted the illusion in his theory of general relativity .     this predicts the gravity of a closer galaxy will bend light a distant one .
president barack obama became the first president to visit jamaica since president ronald reagan in 1982 on thursday .     prime minister portia simpson miller gushed over president obama , at one point telling him ' i love you '     president obama signaled thursday while speaking in jamaica he will soon remove cuba from the us list of state sponsors of terrorism .     this as he prepares to have dinner with cuban president raul castro on friday at the summit of the americas in panama .     the two shared a handshake a nelson mandela 's funeral in 2013 , which angered some americans .     last night secretary of state john kerry met cuban foreign minister bruno rodriguez in a panama city hotel .
aberash bekele , 32 , is angry at filmmakers of difret for using her story .     miss bekele was abducted so she could be pushed into a forced marriage .     film was screened at global summit to end sexual violence in conflict .     last year , miss bekele won injunction banning it being shown in ethiopia .
companies will have to reveal names , ip addresses and residential addresses of 4,726 people who uploaded the film online illegally .     this will allow the film 's copyright holders to seek damages or court action .     internet provider iinet warned they could demand up to $ 7000 .     justice nye perram ruled that individuals ' privacy must be kept and all letters from the copyright holder must be sent to him first .
sami khedira will not be offered a new deal by real madrid .     manchester united and chelsea are interested in the world cup winner .     inter milan hope to agree a deal with manchester city for stevan jovetic .     newcastle are considering a move for fulham 's ross mccormack .     stoke could add mohamed el ouriachi to their other ex-barcelona players .
bournemouth secured promotion on monday with victory against bolton .     eddie howe has put bournemouth on map after leading them to top flight .     jamie redknapp always believed howe was destined for success .
west indies reach 155 for four at stumps on day two of first test .     hosts still 244 runs adrift of england 's first innings total of 399 .     resuming on 341 for five , england 's final five wickets fell for 58 .     jimmy anderson , chris jordan , stuart broad and james tredwell all take a wicket each in west indies ' first innings at sir viv richards stadium .     anderson has 381 test wickets , two less than sir ian botham .     shiv chanderpaul 29 * and jermaine blackwood 30 * at stumps .     nasser hussain : jimmy anderson is still the sultan of swing .
john daniels , 61 , from surrey , has decades of experience working with animals .     photographer 's charming snaps celebrate national pet day , which takes place tomorrow .     include comedy props , tiny furniture and unusual animal pairings .
huge inflatable nicknamed ba di has been placed at a commercial complex .     doll features a slide , ball pit and a sex education area for children to visit .     inflatable woman is entered through the right heel and exited via the left .
doctors believe low fluid intake led to david crossley 's kidney stones .     ultrasound and ct scan revealed two very large stones in his right kidney .     one in ten of us will develop a kidney stone , and the numbers are rising .     changing diet trends such as low-carb are also pushing sufferer figures up .     ` animal proteins break down into uric acid - a known stone-former '
andy burnham says labour would enforce the premier league to invest an estimtated # 400million into grassroots football with the new tv deal .     the shadow health secretary accused prime minister david cameron of not fulfilling his promises of investing and improving grassroots .     labour 's sports spokesman clive efford promised to get tough .
marvel 's long-awaited show `` daredevil '' began streaming early friday .     binge-watchers are already giving the series high marks .
german banking giant has been fined for its role in a vast multi-year conspiracy to rig libor interest rates .     deutsche bank employees defrauded counterparties in emails , telephone calls and electronic chats .     settlement agreement allows deutsche bank to keep its operating license in the united states .     co-chief executive jurgen fitschen expressed regret for the rigging and said no one on the management board had known about the misconduct .
chief executive george whitesides says new spacecraft is nearly ready .     he said it could begin test flights by the end of this year .     its predecessor was destroyed in the mojave desert on 31 october 2014 .     co-pilot michael alsbury was killed and pilot peter siebold was injured .
marseille prosecutor says `` so far no videos were used in the crash investigation '' despite media reports .     journalists at bild and paris match are `` very confident '' the video clip is real , an editor says .     andreas lubitz had informed his lufthansa training school of an episode of severe depression , airline says .
tori hester was diving in mexico when a huge school of fish began circling .     her husband jeff captured the stunning scenes with an underwater camera .     a marine park , built in 1995 , has tackled problem of overfishing in the area .
mother became advocate after seeing her son play with loaded pistol .     she and husband jim helped pass assault weapon ` brady bill ' in 1993 .     mrs brady died friday in her native virginia from pneumonia .
young mum hannah moore , 20 , had shots of her stretchmarks taken down .     instagram has also censored images of periods , pubic hair and nipples .     yet provocative images of bikini models are deemed appropriate .     those who have had their shots censored accuse the site of sexism .
farmers named him big ben as he dwarfs other 85 ewes born this season .     mum is experienced seven-year-old but other offspring all weighed 8-10lbs .     born two weeks after biggest ever lamb born in wales , weighing 24lbs .
frankie dettori to focus on the british flat racing season this summer .     gregory benoist chosen to ride in france by sheik joaan al thani .     ap mccoy will ride his last scottish grand national on benovillo on friday .
prime minister said labour had left millions of people trapped on welfare .     he accused ed miliband of having ` some brass neck ' by attacking tories .     mr cameron said he wanted to ` make hard work pay ' unlike labour .     he said that work rather than benefits is the best way to avoid poverty .     the prime minister announced 600,000 new childcare places today .
deputy pm was met by protesters in surbiton , south-west london .     protesters chanted : ` nick clegg lied to me , he said uni would be free '     mr clegg ignored the protesters and launched new assault on the tories .     he said george osborne 's plan was ` socially and morally unacceptable '
hay castle on the welsh borders faces infestation of deathwatch beetles .     the 12th-century building is having its timbers weakened by the insects .     beetle larvae burrow inside the castle 's wooden beams and threaten its structural integrity .     renovators launch # 7million plan to save the historic castle .
liya kebede and toni garrn join christy as ` super role models '     scandinavian brand lindex launches in the uk with westfield store .     money from #superrolemodel t-shirts will go to mum and child charities .
portrait of a weeping child was spotted at scene of house fires in yorkshire .     burnings of copies of painting were organised to rid britain of its ` curse '     haunted bunk beds of wisconsin terrorised a whole family in late 1980s .     four people said to have died after sitting on philadelphia ` death chair '
thousands of people caught in poverty because successive governments refuse to change their refugee status .     laws mean that the west pakistan refugees living in jammur and kashmir can not vote in elections or own property .     hopes that election of hindu nationalist party as a coalition partner could herald historic change for the community .
sexting is ` not advised for politicians ' , says labour leader ed miliband .     and nick clegg adds it 's ` risky if you are young , dodgy if you are older '     green party leader natalie bennett says it is ` not for her ' and education secretary nicky morgan adds it 's ` too risky '     politicians were asked what they thought of the practice by cosmpolitan .
casey , 30 , found fame on big brother .     has unveiled debut fashion range full of summer styles .     wants to take hollywood by storm and is filming now .
the bombing is `` an attack against the future of our country , '' somalia 's president says .     unicef says the staff members ' vehicle was hit by an explosion on its way to their office .     four wounded staff members are in serious condition , the agency says .
new survey found that audrey hepburn 's moon river was most popular .     other chart songs used as lullabies include vanilla ice 's ice ice baby .     pitbull , ed sheeran and sam smith also made the cut .
georgia gov. nathan deal signs a medical marijuana bill .     the bill is inspired by haleigh cox , a 5-year-old whose seizures threatened her life .
marcus , a 13-year-old maryland boy , provided firefighters with instructions .     smelled smoke when family 's clinton home caught fire sunday morning .     was trapped in a second-floor bedroom with nine-year-old sister during fire .     soothed his sister after she blurted out ` we 're going to die ' during the call .     siblings saved and three other people in the home escaped without injury .
lisa mcelroy , 50 , who teaches legal writing at drexel university , reportedly sent the ` inappropriate ' message on march 31 .     when recipients clicked the enclosed link , they were allegedly directed to a video of ' a woman engaging in a sexually explicit act '     david lat - a lawyer and legal commenter - suggests that the professor could have been ` hacked ' or made a ` copy/paste error '     along with teaching law , mcelroy is also an accomplished author with a number of published biographies and children 's books .
pair were left homeless after storms and met in connecticut trailer park .     won lottery last year but only cashed prize in after easter to mark new start .     ` because of sandy i met the love of my life ' , said thrilled lottery winner .
we 've enjoyed some of the highest temperatures of the year this week .     the range starts at # 31,995 and the audi can cost as much as # 50,000 .     no matter how good , the new audi tt still has nothing on the 1999 model .     with the sunshine beaming this week and some of the highest temperatures recorded so far this year , what better moment to splash out on the new third-generation audi tt roadster . it goes on sale this month . just the time to get the roof off on this softtop german sports car , which has established itself as a firm favourite in the 16 years it has been on the road .     i drove the fully stocked four-wheel-drive 2-litre tfsi in s-line quattro trim with 230 bhp , which was adept at whipping around the cotswolds in style .     sure-footed and fun to drive with lively acceleration that takes it from rest to 62 mph in just 6.1 seconds up to a top speed electronically limited to 155 mph . co2 emissions are a fair 154g/km .     supportively cossetting sports seats leave you sitting comfortably at the wheel .     a nicely tuned exhaust pipe gives the tt roadster a most satisfying ` brrrm brrrm ' .     you wo n't break the bank at the filling station . even with the satisfying performance you 'll average 43.5 mpg , rising to 52.3 mpg when cruising and still managing a respectable 33.6 mpg around town .     great wind-in-the-hair motoring with a top that will come down in ten seconds at speeds of up to 31mph , and a more streamlined body .     it 's easy to make a hands-free phone call with the automatic three-layer fabric hood down because microphones are embedded in the safety belt .     auto-dim led headlights have been transferred across from the flagship audi a8 saloon .     if it ai n't broke , do n't fix it . though this version is on an allnew platform , the progression is evolution , not revolution .     the car i drove cost well in excess of # 50,000 . the range starts from # 31,995 for the 2-litre tdi sport in six-speed manual .     the optional open-top driving package includes head-level heating to keep your bonce from getting chilly , an electrically operated wind deflector , which stops parky draughts whistling behind your neck , and handily heated super sports seats .     no matter how good , nothing will have the jaw-dropping impact on the car market as the original audi tt of 1999 . it was dubbed the ` bauhaus bullet ' because of its clean , minimalist lines reminiscent of the german art movement of the twenties and early thirties .     hefty prestige price tag . the base price of the car i drove was # 41,630 . but it was loaded up with extras adding another # 13,000 -- or the price of a half-decent family runaround .     these include an open-top driving package -lrb- # 1,000 -rrb- , rotorgrey fine nappa leather and super-sports seats -lrb- # 1,390 -rrb- , a comfort and sound package -lrb- # 1,590 -rrb- , technology package -lrb- # 1,795 -rrb- , electric front seats -lrb- # 995 -rrb- , 19 in twin-spoke alloy wheels -lrb- # 450 -rrb- , metallic paint -lrb- # 545 -rrb- , and led headlights -lrb- # 945 -rrb- .
shadow business secretary said nigel farage had ' a problem with race '     mr umunna claimed mr farage had failed to tackle the racists in his party .     intervention comes after mr farage was dragged into a fresh race storm .     national front members campaigned for him in south thanet constituency .
mauricio pochettino returns to former side southampton for the first time since leaving last summer .     the tottenham boss done an excellent job during his 16 month spell .     the argentine manager has adopted the same methods at spurs as he did during his time at st mary 's .     pochettino blooded the likes of calum chambers and james ward-prowse while at southampton , and has done the same with harry kane at spurs .     his passing and pressing philosophy has taken a while for his new set of players to adjust to , though .
dickerson was announced as replacement during show on sunday .     journalist is the chief political correspondent for slate magazine .     revealed he is ` honored and excited ' by the new job .     his veteran cbs colleague announced he was stepping down last week .     texas native schieffer has been host of the show since 1991 .
chris jans was fired for ` acting aggressively and inappropriately ' at the bar on march 21 .     parents of woman he touched at the local venue filmed his behavior .     they also accused him of moving a woman 's head towards his crotch .     made one girl walk infront of him so he could ` evaluate her assets '     jans , who had a $ 325,000 contract , is married and has two children .     university said his behavior ` failed to meet the obligations of a head coach '
easter favourites , hot cross buns , used to be eaten all year round .     queen elizabeth i tried to ban them but allowed them to be eaten at easter .     now supermarkets are bringing out more varieties to tempt customers .
roger federer won first match since losing indian wells final in march .     the 17-time major champion won 6-2 , 6-1 against jeremy chardy .     federer will take on gael monfils for place in quarter-finals .
ian poulter is on holiday just weeks before the first major of the year .     but poulter insists he will return fit and ready for assault on augusta .     the golfer has secured two top-10 finishes at augusta in the last five years .     he admits retiring without a major victory would leave him unfulfilled .
a total of 47 bodies have been exhumed from two mass graves .     iraqis find mass graves inside presidential palace compound in tikrit .     isis claimed to have executed 1,700 iraqi soldiers captured outside camp speicher .
the last mammoths died out on an arctic island around 4,500 years ago .     isolated on wrangel island for around 5,000 years they became inbred .     researchers found mammoth populations suffered declines in the past .     dna sequencing also raises prospect of bringing mammoths back to life .
35-year-old , father-of-two from griffith suffers from hodgkin 's disease .     he says the non-taxpayer subsidised treatment improved his condition .     the treatment costs a total of $ 16,000 every three weeks .     his ` my name is chris ' campaign helped raise money needed for treatment .     it has been so successful he has been able to go back to work part-time .     ` my name is chris ' was launched in mid-january following chris 's relapse .
bizarre-looking creature can drink through two of his five mouths .     local people in narnaul are flocking to see him and pray at his hooves .     the calf , called nandi , is thought to have the most mouths of any bovine .
gaby tillero and greg ensslen bought the home after a church claimed they wanted to demolish it and expand their lot .     the home was dismantled and stored for a year before the couple found a lot across new orleans that would fit the home 's dimensions .     tillero and her husband ensslen now live in the home with their two sons , six-year-old santiago and nine-year-old javier , as well as tillero 's mother , olga tillero .     the couple stayed true to the cottage 's floor plan , while converting it from a duplex to a single-family home .     they used salvaged and recycled materials to decorate the interior and exterior of the home .
body of jose alberto , 58 , discovered at home in argentina by neighbours .     they reported smell coming from his house in city of san jose de balcare .     was found lying next to scarecrow wearing lipstick and long-haired wig .     prosecutor working on assumption he died during sex with the scarecrow .
hillary clinton developed a close relationship with the financial world as a new york senator .     clinton 's allies there are eager to galvanize a broad network of potential donors .     her coziness with wall street irritates liberal activists , who are a growing influence in the democratic party .
turia pitt said she starts to sweat and her mouth dries up when she talks about her traumatic bushfire ordeal .     she also revealed she was back running and clocked a faster time than before she was injured .     the revelation follows after surgeons successfully constructed a new nose .     but the 27-year-old stopped breathing on the operating table .     ms pitt had to be placed on an incubator in order to survive the operation .     when she woke up in intensive care , she said she just wanted to die .     but ms pitt is now proudly showing off her new facial feature .
wigan posted a 30-20 win against warrington on thursday night .     ben flower was making his first appearance for wigan in six months .     flower was banned following his red card in last year 's grand final .     the wales forward was sent off for an attack on lance hohaia .     sam tomkins is also returning to wigan on a four-deal next season .
singer arrived at artists ' entrance to gain entry to drake 's gig .     security told him area was at full capacity and denied admission .     a row erupted and a coachella staffer tried to get bieber into the gig .     but festival security then intervened and put singer in chokehold and removed him from the area .
fabian delph and jack grealish impressed for aston villa at wembley .     villa captain delph scored to send tim sherwood 's men to fa cup final .     grealish is a similar player to former england star steve mcmanaman .     villa boss tim sherwood has got the club 's passion and excitement back .     leicester look the most likely of the promoted clubs to stay up .     the foxes have six games remaining , four of which are at home .
phil blackwood was sentenced to two-and-a-half years with hard labour .     posted the mocked-up image advertising a cheap drinks night on facebook .     32-year-old was found guilty of insulting religion despite apologising .
the depiction is so unflattering a facebook page called ` we love lucy ! get rid of this statue ' has attracted more than 600 likes .     it would cost an estimated $ 8,000 to $ 10,000 for the statue to be recast .     artist dave poulin has refused to comment on the controversy .
campaigners are calling for easter day to be fixed between april 9 and 15 .     say it would help businesses and schools plan in advance for summer .     an act was passed in 1928 to make sure easter sunday was on a fixed date .     but despite being agreed in parliament it has never been implemented .
this is week three of an ongoing series : a catholic reads the bible . read week one and week two .     this week 's reading is a lot to take in . literally .
jaclyn pfeiffer , 29 , worked at the aloma methodist early childhood learning center in orange county , florida , full-time for about 18 months .     she started dating kelly bardier , 33 , in october .     bardier recently started part-time at the daycare .     both were fired when staff learned of their relationship .     they say they were unaware of the center 's stance against homosexuals .     have asked for their jobs back by april 15 , or will sue for discrimination .
`` twin peaks '' creator david lynch announced he was departing the showtime revival of the cult series sunday .     cast members of the show posted a youtube video wednesday pleading for him to return .     wednesday was the series ' 25th anniversary .
judges scored the contest 113-112 , 112-113 , 113-113 - a tie .     irishman lee was floored in the first round but fought back admirably .     he threw more punches and connected more regularly than his opponent .     quillin had failed to make the required weight of 160lbs on friday .     reigning wbo middleweight champion lee went distance for first time .     and he did most of it with a strained biceps muscle in his left arm .
dornoch in scotland is pointing tourists towards the local abattoir .     the attraction is listed beneath the toilet , doctor and the town 's museum .     visitors hoping to experience the slaughterhouse face disappointment .     the abattoir has been closed for several years and is being demolished .
lorraine valentine , 42 , suffers from erythropoietic protoporphyria -lrb- epp -rrb- .     rare condition means she burns , itches and swells in sunlight or uv light .     was hospitalised for 6 days with burns after a family holiday in lanzarote .     has to cover herself completely as small amounts of light leave her in pain .
the couple are reportedly renewing their wedding vows in the french capital .     kim kardashian shared pictures from the baptism of her daughter north , held at saint james cathedral in jerusalem 's old city .     the 12th century church sits within the armenian quarter of the old city , the reputed site of the crucifixion of jesus christ .     khloe kardashian is godmother , while a priest acted as north 's godfather .     north wore white baptismal gown in keeping with traditionthe youngster is now a christian and a member of the armenian church .
the 79th masters tournament begins on thursday at augusta national .     tiger woods and rory mcilroy are among the leading contenders .     it has seen many shots which have gone down in golfing legend .     bubba watson , jack nicklaus and arnold palmer all made history .
initially , the transport bill included language that protected lgbt users .     but senator jason smalley rewrote the bill to allow drivers to discriminate .
nondescript semi-detached home for sale in horfield , bristol , is an unlikely collector 's paradise .     house has gone untouched for more than 80 years and comes complete with stain-glass windows .     the timewarp home also boasts oil-fired central heating and comes with original bathroom and kitchen .
no one knows who put up the signs in the municipality of lastres .     the signs show a figure defecating within a red circle with a line across it .     angry residents claim pilgrims have defecated outside their homes .
a woman has half eaten a large cockroach after biting into her big mac .     annah sophia stevenson 's three year old son asked for a takeaway meal .     she was three bites into her meal when she noticed a strange texture .     the cosmetic artist then pulled a half eaten cockroach out of her mouth .     mcdonald 's will pick up the evidence in order to aid their investigation .
the sigma alpha epsilon fraternity at clemson university was penalized for holding a christmas theme party that flared up racial tensions .     white students dressed in red and blue bandanas , t-shirts with images of the late rapper tupac shakur and sported fake ` thug ' tattoos .     photos from the party flooded social media and were accompanied by comments such as : ` merry cripmas to all , and all a hood night '     the incident caused a backlash as black students protested and said clemson was n't doing enough to promote racial tolerance .
several of nepal 's best known landmarks have been destroyed by the earthquake of april 25 .     but outside the capital kathmandu there is hope that many have survived .
putin said calls show contact between insurgents and us secret services .     he claimed us helped chechen extremists wage war against russia .     president said george bush promised to ` kick the ass ' of officers involved .     he made claims in documentary aired today on state-owned russian tv .
kim kardashian shared frantic last-minute easter basket preparations .     mariah carey was up late at night baking chocolate easter cupcakes .     amanda holden and myleene klass posted sweet snaps of their egg hunts .
`` we have the power and ... today shows we have the numbers , '' says a protester .     the justice department is looking into whether a civil rights violation occurred .     autopsy results on gray show that he died from a severe injury to his spinal cord .
thief stole 124 watches from vintage watch shop in hampstead , london .     he scaled two-storey building before slipping through a 4sq ft roof vent .     then squeezed down narrow chute and snaked along floor to avoid beam .     owner simon drachman compared saturday night heist to tom cruise film .
ronald anderson , 48 , was arrested and charged for the crime spree .     anderson was previously convicted of manslaughter and arrested in an assault case involving his ` visibly afraid ' girlfriend .     the kidnapped woman was found safe - she may be related to suspect .     the guard , lawrence buckner , died at a hospital in cheverly , maryland .     officer and suspect both conscious when they were taken for medical care .     guard saw two people fighting in a car that matched the description of a vehicle described in a report of an armed kidnapping .     incident took place at gate of u.s. census bureau in suitland , maryland .
steven abberley threw marbles during pmqs but they hit a security screen .     he stood up and shouted ` you are all just liars ' before the bizarre attack .     abberley , 28 , also spray painted graffiti on a wall outside the public gallery .     he was given suspended sentences for threatening behaviour and criminal damage .
fa chairman greg dyke wants to increase the minimum homegrown players in a premier league squad of 25 from eight to 12 .     arsenal manager arsene wenger has criticised the proposal .     wenger has had his fair share of dud buys for the gunners .     perhaps he should pay attention to building a core of homegrown players .     click here for the latest premier league news .
wei tingting , wang man , zheng churan , li tingting and wu rongrong are free .     they will be under police surveillance for a year and have their activities restricted , attorney says .     the international community has harshly criticized keeping the women in custody .
southampton have scored seven time in their last 10 league games .     manager ronald koeman feels a return to scoring will boost europe hopes .     southampton are seventh , a point behind liverpool and tottenham on 53 .     click here for all the latest southampton news .
iowa-based writer daniel p. finney , 39 , weighed 563lbs when he started sharing his weight loss journey a month ago in the des moines register .     he knew it was time to shape up after x-rays found arthritis and a narrowing of his spinal cavity .     daniel , who is already down 20lbs , is attempting to lose the weight without surgery but is terrified to give up pizza and nachos .
queen arrived at st george 's chapel alongside the duke of edinburgh and was dressed in a bright blue coat and hat .     couple were joined by family members including princess beatrice , the countess of wessex and autumn phillips .     they were greeted by the dean of windsor , the right reverend david connor , who led the easter day service .
scottish pfa chief believes retrospective action is too far reaching .     rules were changed after an incident between gary deegan and gary irvine .     there was clamour to see action taken against josh meekings after a handball in the scottish cup semi-final that was missed by the referee .
clarke carlisle reveals he has ` moved out of the marital home ' in yorkshire .     father-of-three says both hand his wife have to focus on their ` well-being '     the former premier league defender , 35 , tried to kill himself in december .
arsenal 's arsene wenger has won march 's manager of the month award .     it is the 14th time the frenchman has claimed the prize .     manchester united 's sir alex ferguson won it the most - 27 times .     david moyes claimed the accolade 10 times when at everton .     jose mourinho -lrb- 3 -rrb- has won it fewer times than joe kinnear -lrb- 4 -rrb- .     an english manager has won on 75 occasions , scots on 52 .
leeton parents say their children are devastated by teacher 's murder .     police discovered a body in nearby bushland on friday afternoon .     an autopsy will now be conducted to determine the cause of death .     police will contact authorities in holland for a background check on accused killer , vincent stanford , who was charged with murder .
the landgate cottage in rye is outfitted in an earthy atomic age aesthetic .     travel to brighton to experience the era of brit-pop at wonderland cottage .     and nothing says 1970s nostalgia like renting your own vw campervan .
actress , 44 , gave birth to son jaxton in september and wants to shift 2st .     has sought the help of susan hepburn who helped lily allen slim 3 sizes .     claire says she wants to ` sort her binge mentality '     says she ` went on a binge at a pal 's birthday and made herself feel sick '     she has had one session so far and says she can already see results .
women 's tennis stars attended opening ceremony of porsche grand prix .     maria sharapova , caroline wozniacki , sabine lisicki , angelique kerber and ana ivanovic were among the players on show .     with serena williams missing , simona halep could overtake three times winner sharapova as world no 2 .
john bramblitt developed epilepsy aged 11 and went blind when he was 30 .     after going blind , bramblitt began creating the most amazing artworks .     some of his art features scenes and people he has never seen before .     despite being blind , his art is highly accurate and incredibly vibrant .
a 41-year-old driver hit and killed a 2-year-old girl sunday evening when the toddler ran front of his van in a milwaukee neighborhood .     the driver , archie brown jr. , stopped at the scene .     moments later , someone from the home where the toddler lived opened fire - shooting brown dead and fatally wounding a 15-year-old .     police are investigating whether the shooting was revenge for the fatal traffic accident .     the gunman responsible has not been arrested .     brown was a father of four with a young daughter of his own .
convicted killer brett matthew paul thomas , now 56 , has been denied parole and can not reapply for seven years .     brett matthew paul thomas and his friend mark titch were convicted in 1977 after committing four murders during robbery attempts .     lynette duncan , one of the surviving daughters of a victim said that the day her mother died she learned that ` the boogeyman was real '
svetlana kuznetsova beats julia goerges in straight sets in fed cup .     anastasia pavlyuchenkova defeats sabine lisicki for 2-0 lead .
chelsea travel to the emirates to face arsenal on sunday afternoon .     jose mourinho has an impressive record against arsene wenger .     despite that , wenger can not be underestimated - he plays to win .     cesc fabregas has impressed this season , but he would not necessarily have had the same impact if he had joined arsenal from barcelona .
researchers said during security conference that payment devices by unidentified global vendor came with password ' 166816 '     while researchers did not identify the vendor , google search points to verifone , which said its devices in the field come with password ` z66831 '     verifone claimed sensitive payment information or personally identifiable information can not be captured .
fireball cinnamon whisky is the fastest-growing big brand of liquor in america .     the liquor has dethroned jagermeister as america 's party shot of choice .     whisky expert : `` fireball is an incredible phenomenon . the growth ... has just been astounding ''
manchester city play manchester united at old trafford on sunday .     sergio aguero says scoring in the derby is enough to give you shivers .     the argentine has scored six goals against man united since joining city .     aguero described man utd striker radamel falcao as one of the most naturally gifted players in world football .     aguero is refusing to give up hope of retaining the premier league .
pepperdine university seeks ways to meet new usage allowances , turns off fountains .     drought-stricken california for the first time imposes water restrictions .     executive order demands that cities and towns reduce water usage by 25 % .
nicholas soukeras , 37 , of queens , new york wants his future son to be called spyridon , after his father .     his wife , kseniya , 33 , does n't like the ` archaic ' name and prefers to call their child michael .     nicholas needs his online petition to earn 100,000 signatures for his wife to relent .     ironically , the couple do n't actually know for certain that they are having a boy .
the organisation has classified over 100 resorts into ` risk ' categories .     urges boycott of those considered to have ` high risk ' of corruption .     among those listed to avoid is the popular conrad maldives rangali island .
england close day one of first test against west indies on 341 for five .     ian bell scored his 22nd test match century to lead the recovery .     england fell to 34 for three having lost the toss and been put into bat .     jonathan trott fell for a duck on his return to the england team .     alastair cook and gary ballance also fell cheaply in antigua .     bell put on 177 for the fourth wicket with joe root -lrb- 83 -rrb- .     ben stokes unbeaten on 71 after 130-run fifth-wicket stand with bell .     bell edged behind off kemar roach late in the day and was out for 143 .
left back posted screenshot of text message conversation on instagram .     in it , his mum thanks 22-year-old for wiping ` all my debt away '     the ipswich defender drew praise from his followers for generosity .     mings gave tickets to a ` skint ' ipswich supporter back in 2013 .     and he bought shirts for two fans in 2014 after his number was changed .
our beauty expert says ` frizz nightmare ' hair like deborah 's can be a battle .     she sent her to the taylor ferguson salon in glasgow .     had the nanokeratin system hair relaxing treatment -lrb- from # 195 -rrb- .     ` the coarse texture has gone and my hair has never felt so smooth ! '
kenneth morgan stancil iii , whose face and neck are covered in dark , self-administered tattoos managed to hitch a ride with a woman to florida .     he was arrested in florida and will be extradited back to north carolina to face open murder charge .     in court on tuesday , stancil said he ` ridded one last child molester from the earth ' ; and said lane had sexually assaulted one of stancil 's relatives .     stancil lists ` white power ' as his interests on facebook and has white supremacist tattoos , including an ' 88 ' to signify ` heil hitler '
nicola adams and her family were at home during the break-in .     but thieves left with two cars , training kit , and other valuables .     adams will not fight at english national championships this weekend .     abae chief mark abberley called decision ` completely understandable '
anti-racism campaigners have asked carlisle to refuse admission to any fans who black up as part of the fancy-dress theme .     hartlepool fans plan to dress as bob marley on final day of the season .     kick it out say they have received complaints from hartlepool fans .
cleveland 's variety theater was a renowned rock venue that hosted the likes of metallica , rem and dead kennedy 's .     but as metal band motorhead performed in 1984 , the ceiling cracked and plaster began to fall on to the audience .     the gig was stopped and the theater was sealed off two years later - staying hidden from the public for 30 years .     now a photojournalist has ventured into the building , capturing eery photos that offer a glimpse into music history .
cheryl howe , 32 , was diagnosed with polycystic ovary syndrome at age 12 .     morecambe mother-of-two fought for six years for treatment on the nhs .     even conchita wurst sent her a note of support after abuse from trolls .     has now been told she 'll receive more than # 10k in funding .
citizen captured sandstorm sweeping its way through part of the state .     sandstorm caused delays to flights and forced schools to shut .     car crashes and respiratory problems were also reported last week .     strong winds were behind large sand clouds obscuring dubai 's skyline .
betty johnson , 86 , of missouri has been a chiefs ticket holder since 1986 .     she even lost her north kansas city home to pay for chiefs season tickets .     after breaking her hip in february , her health had been deteriorating .     granddaughter autumn barricks tweeted to team in bid to answer wish .     kansas city chiefs sent hall of famer nick lowery on thursday and the great-great grandmother passed away shortly after , family said .
a company called ultrahaptics has developed a technology to create 3d shapes in mid-air .     a tactile sensation is provided by ultrasonic waves , which alter air pressure .     the technology could be applied to electronic devices , car dashboards , and virtual reality headsets .
parents spend more on first child because of excitement and inexperience .     survey by debenhams shows more pictures and videos taken of first child .     second children have to put up with fewer new clothes and cuddly toys .
mohonk mountain house is a ` castle ' retreat 90 minutes from new york .     the hotel sits blissfully on the banks of lake mohonk in the hudson valley .     the hotel was originally built as a drinking inn 145 years ago before quaker twins albert and alfred smiley made it a dry retreat - the bar is now open .
work and pensions secretary hailed the tories as ` the real party of work '     said miliband is standing on ` most left-wing platform since michael foot '     urged fellow conservatives to champion the government 's achievements .
callum ryan , 21 , will run eight marathons in each of australia 's states and territories between january and september this year .     callum is running to honour the memory of his late friend , malachy frawley .     malachy passed away when he was just 14 from a congenital heart disease .     callum wants to raise funds for heartkids australia and awareness of the impact of children 's heart disease .     he had never run a marathon before when he set himself the challenge .
kim and kanye west recently visited armenia to retrace her family 's roots .     reality star used to favour miami beach and las vegas hotels and bars .     paris is also a new favourite destination , since her hen do there last year .
man posted advertisement seeking ` girlfriend/wife ' on gumtree .     rich , 31 , says potential partner would be showered with gifts and benefits .     post says the lucky girl would a gym membership , phone , laptop and car .     ` previous applicants need not apply -lrb- no exs -rrb- ' the advertisement says .
israeli prime minister benjamin netanyahu slams nuclear framework deal with iran .     he says it would legitimize iran 's nuclear program and bolster its economy .
head of libyan army tells cnn libyan authorities have not been consulted .     gen. khalifa haftar says libya will `` look after '' its interests .     solution to migration problem requires lifting of sanctions , general says .
alex elenes persuaded his cousin to go to the amazon over machu picchu .     he booked many exciting tours including a jungle trek and piranha fishing .     the traveller slept through the entire trip , missing sloths and monkeys .     his cousin roxy de la rosa posted the hilarious pictures on reddit .
melbourne penthouse apartment was sold to chinese businessman for $ 25 million .     penthouse is in australia 108 development at melbourne 's southbank .     the 750 square metre apartment is spread across entire 100th floor of super skyscraper .     the building will be 319 metres tall - the highest in the southern hemisphere .     construction has started on the building and is due to be complete in 2019 .
robot has been drawing crowds at hong kong electronics event this week .     it can recognise and respond to human facial expressions in natural way .     known as ham , the head was designed by us firm hanson robotics .     made using soft-bodied mechanical engineering and nanotechnology .
the 250-year-old toy was made from leather with a wooden head .     it was found during excavation of an ancient toilet in gdansk .     archaeologists also discovered swords during the dig .
warner bros and dc comics wanted to set world record for the largest gatherings of people dressed as dc comics superheroes within 24 hours .     the event kicked off on april 18 in queensland , australia , at movie world .     us , uk , france , brazil , italy , spain , taiwan , mexico , philippines also hosted .     the old world record set in 2010 at 1,580 so seems likely it was shattered .
farage claims pm has been secretly using hair dye to turn back the years .     he said : ` any man who can reverse the greying process i 'm jealous of '     the pm has been accused of visiting stylists to keep hair looking youthful .
arsenal host liverpool in the premier league on saturday afternoon .     victory for arsenal will see the gunners move into second in the league .     defeat for liverpool will see them trail the gunners by nine points .
reform proposal would give hong kongers right to vote for their next leader in 2017 .     but candidates would have to be approved by a mostly pro-beijing committee .     pro-democracy legislators have vowed to veto proposal .
warning graphic content .     bill parker , 34 , of mississippi was mowing his lawn on april 19 when the wire shot up his left nostril and was lodged in his sinus cavity .     dr timothy haffey removed the wire through a 20-minute sinus surgery and said the wire miraculously dodged parker 's important nerves and arteries .     the wire was sent to a pathology lab and parker is taking antibiotics .     dr haffey said parker should not have any long-term effects .
to understand thursday 's attack , one must understand that kenya and al-shabaab are at war .     al qaeda 's 1998 attack on the u.s. embassy is the single largest , but al-shabaab have killed many more kenyans .
sean jefferson and elizabeth jowitt decorated flat with trinkets off graves .     couple had wreaths , lanterns and homemade gift tributes hung in york flat .     the pair admitted handling stolen goods and were banned from cemeteries .     victims described couple as ` heartless and cruel ' for having grave tributes .
london 's metropolitan police say the man was arrested at luton airport after landing on a flight from istanbul .     he 's been charged with terror offenses allegedly committed since the start of november .
ganjendra singh , 41 , took his own life during a demonstration in delhi .     farmer from rajasthan state could no longer afford to feed three children .     unseasonable heavy rain and hailstorms last month ruined his wheat crop .     more than 30 indian farmers have killed themselves in north and west india .
german eossc2 concept car is electric and semi-autonomous .     it can turn on the spot and be driven diagonally and sideways .     concept car can park itself in tight spaces using cameras and a sensor .     engineers hope to make 40mph -lrb- 60km/h -rrb- vehicle completely autonomous .
australian fashion designer alex perry wo n't show at this year 's mbfwa .     the designer is excited to kick back and enjoy the shows from front row .     this will be the designer 's second mbfwa he has missed in two decades .     perry is now focusing on global expansion in asia and middle east .
filmmaker michael könig from cologne , germany has created an amazing video showing solar activity .     it was made by stitching together footage from nasa 's solar dynamics observatory over five years .     the footage includes loops of ` coronal rain ' showering the surface of the sun .     transits of the moon , venus and earth are also seen - and a comet breezes through the outer solar atmosphere .
steve davis will attempt to qualify for the betfred world championship .     the 57-year-old is a six-time world champion at the crucible .     but davis admitted he is not fully committed to the sport .     jimmy white and reanne evans are also hoping to qualify .
timothy stanley : hillary clinton running for president , but it 's not clear what she stands for . there are grounds for a liberal primary challenge .     he says democrats who call for reform offer only hillary clinton . she 's formidable candidate , but where are bold new ideas ?
canadian-born designer tanya heath , wanted to create a comfortable heel .     button inside shoe releases the interchangeable heel and also locks it in .     hundreds of heels available in varying heights , styles and designs .
cost of christenings are now upwards of # 300 .     63 per cent of mothers worry about the mounting costs for the day .     asda launches christening collection in time for second royal baby .
reports have linked chelsea with a move for valencia 's andre gomes .     but the midfielder says wants to stay with the la liga side next season .     gomes has scored four league goals in 25 appearances this term .
hagrid the suffolk cross was born weighing 25lbs and is 14inches tall .     the animal towers over peers on farm in gelston in grantham .     his owners believe he may be the largest lamb ever born in the uk .
the fda may take a more hands-on approach to regulating homeopathic medicine .     it does not go through the same approval process as over-the-counter drugs .     some studies suggest homeopathic medicine is no more effective than placebos .
a passenger discovered excrement in a newspaper on a cross city train .     train was held at birmingham new street so the carriage could be cleaned .     london midland said cctv images of the culprit would be given to police .
six in ten full-time working brits are too ` busy ' to clean their homes .     one in eight surveyed have n't vacuumed at all this year so far .     unfinished diy , mould and anti-social neighbours are also embarrassing .     people want to live at homes of christian grey , batman , carrie bradshaw .
ride like the wind is one of 34 colts still in the first classic of the season .     the 2,000 guineas will be run at newmarket on saturday , may 2 .     ride like the wind is a similar horse to 2014 's fifth runner charm spirit .     the horse landed the group three prix djebel by a head last start .
hundreds of survivalists and ` preppers ' gathered in utah suburb friday .     learned new ways to deal with zombie apocalypse or a natural disaster .     shown underground bunkers , tactical weapons and an armed $ 2,500 motoped survival bike .     taught how to store food and dressed as zombies for special contest .     also met actors from amc hit show the walking dead , like addy miller .     scott stallings , one of preppercon 's founders , said utah made sense for the first expo because of the mormon culture 's emphasis on self-reliance .
gillian nelson had complications with birth before being taken to theatre .     widower recalls ` blur ' of staff as she ` bled heavily ' at hospital in bromley .     had blood transfusion and hysterectomy but doctors ` ran out of options '     southwark coroner 's court hears allegations of ` gaps in her monitoring '
jessica ennis-hill will compete at the anniversary games in july .     olympic gold medallist has not been in action since 2013 .     her return could set up showdown against katarina johnson-thompson .
steven and sarah nick are facing a combined total of 15 felony charges .     accused of embezzling more than $ 50,000 to stockpile arsenal of weapons .     said to include 50-caliber machine gun and sniper rifle with suppressor .     weapons were legally owned but bought using stolen money , police say .
maickel melamed , 39 , finished the race at 5am on tuesday morning .     the venezuelan athlete was supported and cheered on by dozens of friends as well as his physical trainers and volunteer team .     melamed 's condition makes it hard to just walk or move but this week he completed his fifth marathon .     he chose boston to be his final marathon because he received a life-saving procedure in the city when he was child .
gov. mike pence is making the right call to fix indiana 's religious freedom law , which can be used for discrimination .     mark goldfeder : indiana should aim to be a shining beacon of cooperation : the real `` crossroads of america ''
kathy hughes called her dad doug hughes ' a patriot ' for landing his gyrocopter on the west lawn last week to protest campaign finance laws .     speaking out on monday , mr hughes called the journey ' a huge thrill ' and said he never feared he 'd be shot down .     he said it would be worth losing his job and going to jail if the country took note of his message .     he faces four years in prison for crossing a no-fly zone and is under house arrest in florida before a hearing in washington d.c. next month .
video posted by youtube user richard stewart showing a porsche cayman flying out of control .     police cited unidentified driver for the crash .     car reportedly wrecked and needed to be towed from the scene .
leroy j. toppins went missing 6pm friday from his parents ' front yard .     major search was launched , with 100 locals joining in to help .     divers found the boy 's body in a run-off pond at 7pm saturday .     the quarry was adjacent to the family 's home .     police do not suspect foul play .
ashley james , who starred on made in chelsea , models the bold bra .     the # 38 jessica plunge bra , by tutti rouge , comes in sizes 28d - 38hh .     features removable foam pads that push your boobs in for extra oomph .
matilda kahl , an art director at saatchi & saatchi , owns 15 of the same white shirt and several pairs of plain black trousers .     she has just had to invest in 15 new shirts from zara because the others are now too worn to wear but has no other plans to change her ` uniform '
slovenian-born aljaz bedene secured a british passport last month .     international tennis federation ruled bedene ca n't play for great britain .     ruling comes after bedene played twice for slovenia in 2010 and 2011 .     rusedski , who switched to britain from canada , offered his support .     bedene 's world no 99 ranking puts him only behind andy murray in britain .     murray backed bedene 's switch saying it would motivate those below him .
65 british climbers feared missing as death toll in nepal reaches 2,500 .     survivors on everest recall ` tsunami ' of snow and ice triggered by quake .     climbers left stranded by the tonnes of debris and ice blocking their routes .     in kathmandu and pokhara buildings were reduced to matchsticks .
mercedes f1 boss niki lauda launched a verbal grenade at nico rosberg .     the three-time world champion wants rosberg to step up his game .     lauda has called for rosberg to challenge lewis hamilton all the way .     austrian believes rosberg is extremely professional but lacks confidence .
heartbroken mother speaks out about the brutal murder of her baby son .     baby zayden was murdered as his family slept during a random robbery .     harley hicks , 19 , attacked the 10-month-old baby in an ice-fuelled rampage .     casey veal opened up about the pain she lives with since her son 's death .     it comes as the federal government announced a task force this week to combat the ` national ice epidemic '
transavia france has included voucher codes with the branded products .     customers can enter the codes online to receive a discounted flight .     the codes can be redeemed for flights to barcelona , lisbon and dublin .     products are being sold at shops , a cinema and in two vending machines .     passengers still have to pay a booking fee and checked baggage fees .
cab driver sings along to pavarotti word perfectly and in tune .     passenger is shocked and congratulates the man while filming .
amazing scene captured on film in south africa 's kalahari desert .     two of the big cats approach the little reptile as it scuttled across the sands .     but they were denied their meal and forced to wander off disappointed .
watch goes on sale on 24th april around the world .     pre-orders begin april 10 at 8:01 a.m. bst through the online store .     apple says it expects watch will sell out on its first day .
restaurant critic and festival curator leo schofield said living in tasmania was the unhappiest time of his life .     he said the government cut funding to a festival he was setting up by 25 % .     the struggle for funding led him to develop acute depression .     he criticised locals for wanting to ` dig it up , chop it down , sell it to the chinese '     spokesperson for state 's tourism industry council said his comments were ` blatant mistruths '
sandie konopelski , 58 , of shiloh , illinois , struck by train on friday morning .     hit by st louis metrolink train on tracks between swansea and belleville .     licensed by state department of natural resources as wildlife rehabilitator .     she died of blunt-force trauma and was pronounced dead at the scene .
both william and kate appear to be relaxed about baby 's imminent arrival .     the two were spotted shopping in kensington and chelsea this week .     the duchess bought a basket of goods for prince george from zara home .     and prince william bought # 800 of jumpers and jeans from peter jones .
many clouds wins the 2015 grand national after leading ap mccoy 's shutthefrontdoor with one furlong to go .     however shutthefrontdoor tired on the final straight and mccoy was forced to settle for fifth on his swansong .     saint are came in second after a hard-fought final straight but it was oliver sherwood 's horse that took the glory .     jockey leighton aspell took his second consecutive national title after his 2014 win with pineau de re .     40-1 shot monbeg dude , ridden by liam treadwell came in third after a thrilling race .
new survey analysed australian credit card habits .     15 per cent admit to having a credit card their partner does n't know about .     one in ten have fights with partners over credit card purchases .     gen y are the most stealthy credit card culprits over other age groups .     17 per cent of women hide their spending , versus 14 per cent of men .
bronze buckle and whistle from ad 600 found in cape espenberg .     but bronze-working had not been developed at this time in alaska .     scientists believe artefacts were created in china , korea or yakutia .     site may have been home to ` birnirk ' culture , whose people travelled on both sides of the bering strait .
south africa is battling xenophobic violence after some said foreigners are taking jobs away .     a 14-year-old boy is among those killed after a mob with machetes targeted foreigners .
infant , known as mary , was also found with two other drugs in her system .     she was discharged from hospital despite her parents being drug users .     the family from liverpool were already well-known to local social services .     came amid concerns about alcohol abuse , domestic violence and neglect .
the march was organized by national actions to stop murder by police .     protesters marched from manhattan 's union square and across the brooklyn bridge where they partially blocked traffic .     marched from manhattan 's union square and across the brooklyn bridge where they partially blocked traffic .     police say an off-duty police officer driving home on the bridge was assaulted by two protesters when he got out of his vehicle to investigate .
yingying dou , 30 , reportedly ran the website called mymaster .     she charged up to $ 1000 for her staff to write university essays .     website was written in chinese and advertised to international students .
rachael bishop , 19 , at first pleaded with the man when he ordered her to hand over all the money in the lynnwood , washington store .     but as he ignored her and reached into the till she punched him in the head multiple times .     he punched her back and stole $ 280 but she still chased after him .     other people saw bishop tailing the robber and followed , helping police arrest the man - who was a wanted felon for forgery .     bishop said she loves her bosses and fighting back was ` just a reaction '
amir khan took his family to an adventure park in northern california .     khan posed alongside a rare white tiger as well as a giraffe and sea lion .     earlier this week the bolton-born fighter announced his return to the ring .     khan will take on former light-welterweight world champion chris algieri .
les abend : there were likely warning signs during the co-pilot 's training .     he says andreas lubitz had to go through many challenges to qualify to be a co-pilot .
photographer atif saeed crept to within ten feet of the hungry male lion .     fearless mr saeed left the safety of his car to sit on the ground for the shot .     as soon as the camera captured the image , mr saeed had to flee for his life .     the lion charged at the intrepid photographer as he closed the car 's door .
raheem sterling has turned down a liverpool deal worth # 100,000-a-week .     20-year-old gave an interview to the bbc on wednesday over the issue .     jamie carragher : four reasons why sterling has got it wrong over deal .
warning : graphic language .     national right to life committee wrote the legislation , which bans the use of medical instruments to remove a fetus from the uterus in pieces .     gov. sam brownback made so-called ` dismemberment ' abortions illegal , beginning july 1 .     exceptions were made for situations where carrying a baby to term would irreversibly damage a woman 's health or threaten her life .     there are no exceptions for incest or rape .     governor 's office calls procedure ` horrific ' ; abortion-rights groups are considering lawsuits against the state .
the new rules come barely a year after deeply unpopular restrictions enacted last march burned many inked soldiers .     army chief of staff gen. ray odierno said the changes are being made in response to soldier feedback .     the unpopular old rules banned tats below the knee or elbows and put limits on the size and number of tattoos , which will no longer be the case .
furniture company , steelcase , has created the brody worklounge .     lounges are designed to ` be good for your body and good for your brain '     brody provides shelter from visual distractions with privacy screens while featuring cushion that adapts to each person 's size .     in recent years many companies have embraced open offices with about 70 per cent of u.s. offices having no or low partitions .     a 2013 study revealed noise and privacy loss are the main source of workspace dissatisfaction .
albertville , alabama high school junior joy webb , 17 , took her grandfather james drain , 80 , as her date to prom last saturday .     the teen says she asked her grandfather to be her date because he never got to attend his own prom .     drain was 17 when he enlisted in the navy to serve in the korean war , so missed his own high school dance .
both tiger woods and rory mcilroy took part in the practice session at augusta national golf club ahead of the masters 2015 .     woods was making his return to action and his first appearance for 60 days since taking a break from golf to regain form .     he was given a warm welcome by the crowd and looked confident as he made his way around the course .     mcilroy , meanwhile , teed off with promising young british starlet bradley neil .
kate upton , 22 , is considered to have one of the best figures in the world .     supermodel keeps herself trim on a very strict diet and exercise regime .     she avoids alcohol , only eats certain fruits and has five smalls meals a day .
hail stones the size of plums crashed down over the south and midwest on tuesday with residents capturing the freak weather .     along with hail , lighting and thunder also hit arkansas and parts of mississippi .     according to the weather channel , the storms will move across the midwest on wednesday with st louis , louisville , memphis , indianapolis , little rock , oklahoma city and dallas hit hardest .     on thursday the icy blasts are set to drift south , hitting cities including memphis , jackson and knoxville .
alton hines , the fiancé of leah o'brien , 33 , the beloved teacher killed in a car crash on april 25 , is speaking out about the night the woman died .     the other driver , 19-year-old ramiro pedemonte is facing charges including homicide , reckless driving , and serious injury by motor vehicle .     police determined that pedemonte was going over 100 mph when he hit o'brien .     authorities say pedemonte was on probation at the time of the accident with a june 2014 charge of of possession with intent to distribute .
facebook deemed the abc1 trailer to contain ` potentially offensive nudity '     the video had 30,000 hits when it was removed after three days on sunday .     two elderly aboriginal women painted in ochre are seen in the advert .     the makers of the new comedy tv series , 8mmm aboriginal radio , based around an alice springs radio station called the move ` bewildering '
matty taylor could make first burnley appearance since august .     but dean marney and kevin long both remain long term absentees .     laurent koscielny and wojciech szczesny face fitness tests for arsenal .     jack wilshere , mikel arteta & abou diaby back in contention for gunners .
52 % of scots backing the snp , doubling lead over labour trailing on 24 % .     sturgeon buoyed by tv debates despite threat of another referendum .     damning survey comes on the day miliband launches labour manifesto .     tns surveyed 978 adults aged over 18 across scotland between march 18 and april 8 .
yesterday was officially hottest day of 2015 with a high of 22.7 c - with temperatures rising to 25c today .     weather caused by warm air from azores is creating conditions we might usually experience in july or august .     it is set to get cooler later in the week but temperatures will remain higher than the average for this time of year .     families are warned to use suncream if they are relaxing outside while firefighters issue warning over fire risks .
gregory van der wiel does n't want to leave psg in the summer window .     the dutchman revealed his ` love ' for the club and his team-mates .     psg continue to be linked with a move for barcelona full back dani alves .
hull lost 3-1 to swansea to slip towards relegation zone .     bafetimbi gomis double does the damage as tigers struggle .     david meyler was sent off , and hull have a very tough run-in .
rebecca lowe has helped to enhance premier league coverage in the us .     the nbc anchor insists ` the premier league sells itself with its drama '     manchester united recent win over liverpool was the most-watched premier league game screened before 10am in us history .     man united 's 2-1 win at anfield had an average audience of 1.2 million on nbc cable and spanish partner universo combined .
bitglass created 1,568 fake details and released them on the dark web .     data landed in five different continents and 22 countries within two weeks .     overall , data was viewed more than 1,000 times and downloaded 47 times .     some activity had connections to crime syndicates in nigeria and russia .
ollie the owl was stolen from lounge area of the admiral rodney pub .     landlord richard stevenson received ` ransom letter ' instructing money to be donated to charity .     wooden statue has visited belfast , benidorm and tunisia in last month .
tom sturridge , 29 , will star in american buffalo alongside damian lewis .     he is fast becoming a critics ' favourite but is picky about his work .     engaged to sienna miller , the mother of daughter marlowe .     born into an acting family , he 's best friends with robert pattinson .
father-of-one maajid nawaz asked for two private sessions at a strip club .     footage shows prospective parliamentary candidate trying to touch her .     staff at the east london club said nawaz had been pestering girl all night .     nawaz can be seen repeatedly trying to make contact - which is against venue 's policy .
infant 's extremities have been called ` pigs ' trotters ' by local reporters .     her dad vowed to find work in binzhou city to pay for surgery for the girl .     but he has n't been seen since he left home four months ago .     his family are deep in poverty and ca n't afford even basic medical care .
olivia , 28 , has teamed up with luxury british brand to create # 995 bag .     comes with built-in phone charger and all proceeds will go to charity .     pippa middleton , kim sears and mollie king are fans of luxury brand .
house prices tipped to fall by up to 10 per cent in some states with economists predicting a housing surplus in 2017 .     goldman sachs predicts population growth will slow to 1.25 per cent over the next three years creating oversupply .     biggest hit will be in markets where construction supply has been strong , such as inner-city melbourne and perth .
harry kane has been in superb form for tottenham this season .     the 21-year-old has scored 30 goals in all competitions for spurs .     kane also made his england debut , and scored within two minutes .
danielle jones ' bridesmaids started campaign to get barlow at her wedding .     he replied saying he would come - but kept it secret from the 33-year-old .     singer turned up at reception in berkshire and sung ' a million love songs '     mrs jones said : ` i 'm still on cloud nine - i just ca n't believe it happened '
tory leader hits back at bbc 's andrew marr after interview on live tv .     marr twice said the pm told a magazine foxhunting is his favourite sport .     presenter has admitted mistake , insisting it was a ` cock up not conspiracy '     cameron climbs on to wooden pallet to address party faithful in yorkshire .     but he was heckled by a factory worker who said the ` nhs is dying '
an unnamed wall street trader made a profit of approximately $ 2.5 million on friday thanks to a tweet from the wall street journal .     the trader purchased 315,800 shares of chipmaker altera one minute after the journal reported intel was in talks to purchase them .     the shares were sold to the trader at $ 36 , and just 28 minutes later , when the market closed , shares were selling for $ 44.39 .     intel 's reported purchase of altera still has yet to happen , and the news has actually caused the price of intel shares to fall .
it was their first meeting since world powers and iran sealed a framework deal on april 2 that would limit iran 's ability to build a nuclear weapon .     final agreement hinges timing of sanctions relief - something both sides have said they wo n't budge on .     obama administration is also engaged in an aggressive effort to sell the emerging deal to skeptical lawmakers and constituencies in washington .     gop presidential candidates are lining up to oppose any deal with a government the u.s. considers the leading state sponsor of terrorism .     house speaker john boehner has acknowledged that his party does n't command enough votes to override a veto of any resolution , though .
dc , partners introduce dc super hero girls , intended for girls 6-12 .     reaction mostly favorable -- but some caveats .
in the first three months of the year , 434,775 waited longer than four hours .     over the past year , more than 1.4 m forced to wait longer than target time .     a&e waiting times have soared to their worst level in more than 10 years .     it 's now 89 weeks since a&e s met their waiting targets , figures show .
sentiers de transhumance track 's been used by shepherd for centuries .     sign-posted route is an easier equivalent to the famed gr20 hiking trail .     accommodation ranged from small auberges to family-run hotels .     in the seaside resort of porto a 16th century genoese tower stands guard .
james houlder and girlfriend vicki hood stayed at sonesta beach resort in sharm el sheikh .     but within hours , both fell ill with sickness and diarrhoea at five-star venue .     nine months on , james diagnosed with ibs that has blighted his life .     after raising issue with first choice , he was offered ' # 50 goodwill voucher '
tv5monde went black late wednesday and was still out hours later .     the network blames an `` islamist group '' ; there 's no claim of responsibility .
the film will premiere on memorial day .     it opened last year 's cannes film festival .     a planned march theater release was scrubbed .
the 36-year-old will stage his next student on april 29 .     in november , wallenda walked back and forth between two chicago skyscrapers in a live television event .     his great-grandfather karl wallenda died in a tight-role walk in puerto rico in 1978 .     wallenda has also tight-rope walked across niagara falls and the grand canyon .
the 72 hour countdown on for bali 9 andrew chan and myuran sukumaran .     the two men are set to be executed on wednesday at midnight .     nation-wide vigils have been held to show solidarity for condemned duo .     sydney harbour saw a 15,000 flower monument reading ' #keephopealive '     indonesian consulates in sydney and melbourne also saw people gather .
michelle heale of new jersey claimed she was trying to burp mason hess .     but jury said she killed him by snapping his neck as he was choking .     was charged with aggravated manslaughter and endangering a child .     sobbed uncontrollably as the verdict was read out and said : ' i did n't do it '     turned to her husband and asked him to make sure her five-year-old twins do n't forget her .     she faces up to 30 years in prison when she is sentenced next month .
divers located and harnessed the dumped items which have included shopping trolleys , mopeds and even cars .     a 100-tonne crane has now been put in place to lift the abandoned objects from the bottom of the river bed .     the extent of the rubbish in the river avon was recently revealed after a survey of flood defences in bath .
brian klawiter posted a message on his company 's facebook page announcing that openly gay people are not welcome at his business .     he claims the decision is based on his religious views and michigan does n't currently have laws in place preventing such discrimination .     critics have accused him of trying to cash in on the anti-gay backlash which netted an indiana pizzeria over $ 840,000 earlier this month .     klawiter claims he does n't need the money and has a successful business but at least one manfacturer has asked him to remove its logo from his site .
in a leaked sony email cameron crowe mocks bruce jenner 's gender transition with amy pascal .     when the director is asked if he has anything to show pascal from his new movie aloha he responds ; ` does bruce jenner want boobs ? hell yes '     aloha , which stars emma stone and bradley cooper , was blasted in a previously leaked email by pascal .
the 25-year-old signed for cardiff from stade rennais for # 2.1 million .     but the defender has been on loan with st etienne this season .     the club have an option to make the deal permanent for # 1.5 million .     st etienne will not take up an option to sign norwich striker ricky van wolfswinkel on a permanent deal .
kelly kreth had a traumatic encounter with a sociopath in her own life and became inspired to learn about the inner workings of a criminal mind .     six years and 600 prison letters later , kreth says a sociopath is a person ` who wants to feel like the smartest person in the room '     ` they do it for the thrill , ' kreth said , adding that she does not condone any of the perpetrators crimes .     kreth says she wants to write to alleged murderer robert durst .
pj spraggins was perfect match for wife tracy , who suffers from lupus .     but he was told he was not eligible as his blood pressure was too high .     she was placed on the seven-year-long transplant list at end of 2013 .     spraggins embarked on year-long fitness regime until he made the grade .     they both underwent surgery in february 2015 .
digital diffraction diagnosis or d3 could be used to detect cancerous cells in blood or tissue samples and even detect infections from hiv and ebola .     technique uses microscopic beads that bind to diseased cells in samples .     these clumps of beads change how light is scattered through the sample and can be detected using the camera on a smartphone like an iphone .     results from the # 1.20 -lrb- $ 1.80 -rrb- test are received under 45 minutes and scientists it could allow people to test for cancer in their own homes .
experts say older workers are left behind in workplace because of training .     this left them vulnerable when companies start ` shedding ' jobs , they claim .     the association of accounting technicians say older workers must ` reskill '
exclusive : farage has abandoned hopes of winning dozens of seats .     party officials admit most candidates are being left to their own devices .     among the seats dropped from the list of hopefuls is folkestone and hythe .     ukip candidate janice atkinson was replaced after expenses scandal .
milos raonic had to pull out of tournament after sustaining foot injury .     tomas berdych will face grigor dimitrov or gael monfils in next round .     berdych is yet to lose a set this week following raonic 's injury .
images of cricket both on the pitch and in a rubbish dump in dhaka , bangladesh , among short-listed pictures .     winner of wisden-mcc cricket photograph of the year was matthew lewis ' shot of dwayne bravo taking a catch .
siobhan-marie o'connor won her second title of the british championships .     the 19-year-old also sealed a place in britain 's world championships team .
tom wood took to twitter to jokingly thank clermont for training session .     tweet came after northampton were thrashed 37-5 in the champions cup .     hosts amassed an unassailable 27-0 lead by half-time in france .     northampton director of rugby jim mallinder admitted defeat was among the most distressing nights of his career .
david cameron and wife samantha made a visit to a temple in kent .     wore traditional headwear , chatted and posed for selfies during parade .     comes just a day after cameron attended the festival of life in london .
grenada is known as the ` island of spice ' , and is full of foodie flavours .     celebrity chef rosemary shrager spent a week on the caribbean island .     favourite local dishes include goat 's cheese and salt fish fritters .
officers posted pictures of lego models on their facebook page .     part of campaign by police in edinburgh to raise awareness of crime .     it follows a 38.7 per cent rise in break-ins in the 12 months to april 2014 .     but publicity stunt has been met with criticism from politicians and victims .
raheem sterling fails to impose himself as arsenal beat liverpool 4-1 .     he won the penalty that jordan henderson scored for liverpool .     sterling spoke out about his contract situation at liverpool in the week .
manny pacquiao posed for a picture with jeremy lin and mario lopez .     the filipino took to instagram to post snap of his ripped physique .     pacquiao is counting down the days ` until the blessed event ' in las vegas .     read : floyd mayweather admits he no longer enjoys boxing '     click here to watch pacquiao 's open media workout live .
truck drivers in victoria are dealing drugs using codes over their radios .     it has been reported that 1 in 12 truck drivers are high when pulled over .     according to a former truckie , the trend is more common that you think .     a video has appeared online showing a man snorting ice behind the wheel .     he is driving a 40-tonne rig and says it is for his fatigue .     many are rorting the system so they can drive for 16 hours a day .
jockey aidan coleman wants to right past wrongs at the grand national .     coleman prepares to ride the well-backed the druids nephew .     the eight-year-old is a 12-1 shot for the # 1million steeplechase this year .     coleman rode the seventh fence faller stan six years ago .     click here for sportsmail 's 2015 grand national sweepstake kit .
superfans have set up camp outside st mary 's hospital in paddington .     police have also begun making final preparations and conducted a search .     duchess of cambridge is due to give birth to baby number two this week .     prince william has completed his air ambulance training course early .     the royal will now be able to remain in london with his pregnant wife .
atletico madrid 0-0 real madrid : click here for martin samuel 's report .     atletico have a knack for replacing star players with others just as good .     jan oblak is the latest , having replaced goalkeeper thibaut courtois .     mario mandzukic looks to be a suitable replacement for diego costa .
emy afalava is a loyal american and decorated veteran ; he 's also an american samoan .     sam erman and nathan perl-rosenthal : it is outrageous that he and others like him are denied citizenship .
around 200,000 people were deported to the nazi camp in northern germany during world war two .     british soldiers took over the camp on april 15 , 1945 and found tens of thousands of dead bodies .     their intervention came just two months after diarist anne frank , who was held at the camp , died .
tells rolling stone in revealing interview how she was never a fan of her father 's band , preferring oasis .     speaking about the documentary film she executive produced montage of heck she says her dad ` never wanted to be the voice of a generation '     suggests he killed himself because ` the world demanded he sacrifice every bit of himself to his art '     says his former band mates are freaked out by how much she looks and sounds like him .     kurt cobain was found shot dead in his home exactly 21 years ago on wednesday , aged 27 .
sisters yogita rameshbhai nandwana , five , and anisha , three , and brother harsh , 18 months , live in india .     they are among world 's heaviest young children - weighing 5st 5lbs , 7st 8lbs and 2st 5lbs respectively .     food eaten by three siblings - who have sister of average weight - in a week would feed two families in a month .     father rameshbhai nandwana is planning to sell his kidney to earn the money needed to see top specialists .
child climbed under a temporary bike rack along pennsylvania avenue causing lockdown on sunday afternoon .     the unidentified child was reunited with parents following the incident .
warning graphic content .     deputy kerry kempink was filmed on his own bodycam killing the dog .     he claimed he had shot rottweiler in self-defense while out on a call .     but owner carla gloger claimed pet was not vicious and plans to sue .
pope 's sedentary lifestyle said to be aggravating nerve condition .     francis is said to have piled weight on since taking papacy .     he has suggested he does not expect to live to a very old age .
villagers in ansai , central china , spent # 1,000 digging new 46m well .     but when they pumped water to surface they said they could smell petrol .     discovered that the water is so badly polluted that it can be set on fire .     blamed leak at local petrol station , but owner has denied he is to blame .
atheist writer david fitzgerald claims there is no evidence jesus existed .     the san francisco based author instead says jesus was a literary allegory created by combining old jewish stories and rituals along with rival cults .     he insists it is time to stop believing in jesus christ as a historical figure .
katie and dalton prager , 24 and 23 , met in 2009 and married two years later .     they both suffer from cystic fibrosis , and in november 2014 , dalton received new lungs .     katie is still waiting for a lung transplant because insurance company will not pay for the out-of-state treatment she needs , husband says .     doctors predict she will not live a year without new lungs .     ` they are turning my wife into a number , a statistic , a dollar sign . i can not lose her . this ca n't be the end of our love story , ' dalton pleaded .
customers are treating over-loved bags at handbag clinic in chelsea .     set up to rejuvenate high-end accessories in need of a face-lift or repair .     company say they are now repairing bags worth # 20,000 every day .     famous clients include imogen thomas and made in chelsea stars .
david edwards scored in the 88th minute to give his side the win .     wolves raced into 3-1 lead before leeds pulled back two-goal deficit .     however edwards scored late on to ensure wolves moved up to sixth .
neymar scored twice as barcelona eased through at the nou camp .     brazilian ace did his best to embarrass fellow countryman david luiz .     former chelsea defender endured a horrendous night in barcelona .     dani alves did his best to earn a new contract as he impressed throughout .
looking after a newborn is one of the most exhausting periods in life .     new mums are surviving on little sleep and providing round-the-clock care .     when friends and family visit the baby , they have several annoying habits .     parenting blogger emily-jane clark shows how not to annoy a new mum .
bricks along the top of the former national city bank building collapsed and showered down onto the street and sidewalk at 4 p.m. on monday .     no one was injured but a minivan was crushed below .     cleveland fire spokesman larry gray said the falling bricks might have been a ` freak accident '
president defended negotiations that will lift sanctions on iran .     claimed measures will make it less likely for iran to acquire nuclear bomb .     admitted that the discussions had taken a toll on u.s.-israeli ties .
residents of alderholt woke up yesterday to discover the big surprise .     nobody has an idea who is behind the wonderful and generous gesture .     residents took to facebook in order to thank the mystery benefactor .     local resident tracey feltham said : ` it 's such a wonderful act of kindness '
researchers are developing a computer that can write weather forecasts .     it takes meteorological data and writes a report designed to mimic a human .     this process is known as ` natural language generation ' -lrb- nlg -rrb- .     a prototype system will be tested on the bbc website later this year .
sokaze-ki q uses fluid dynamics to boost how much air is released .     air is brought through the rear of the 10-inch -lrb- 25cm -rrb- device .     a ` high-pressure jet airflow ' then turns this air into blast of directed ` wind '     the ` q ' fan is on sale in japan for ¥ 39,350 -lrb- # 220 -rrb- .
cbs news ` face the nation ' moderator bob schieffer announced wednesday at the texas journalism school named for him that he 'll be retiring this summer .     schieffer is a former newspaper reporter at the fort worth star-telegram .     he joined cbs news in 1969 and has been the network 's chief washington correspondent since 1992 .     he began at the political affairs show ` face the nation ' in 1991 , asking direct questions to politicians in a texas twang .     covered the assassination of jfk and 11 presidential campaigns - dating back to richard nixon .
` temporary assistance for needy families ' funds can buy goods and services beyond food and necessities intended by program 's designers .     tattoos , manicures , lingerie , jewelry , movie tickets , cruises and pornography will also be off the list if gov. sam brownback signs a bill .     republicans in kansas also want to limit benefit recipients to $ 25 per day in cash withdrawals with their government-issued welfare debit cards .     democrats say it 's mean-spirited and will make welfare enrollees think they 're ` less ' valuable ` than other people '     brownback 's administration has shrunk the tanf rolls by 60 per cent since 2011 ; the law would also force recipients to try to find work .
jo stephenson 's widow accused tim farron of betraying her late husband .     he was vilified over the new parking charges in mr farron 's constituency .     deputy leader of cumbria county council fell from a three-storey property .     an inquest found he jumped from the roof while suffering ` intense stress '
uss oklahoma was lost during japanese attack on pearl harbor in 1941 .     hundreds of crew members were buried without identification .
men believed to be masterminds of plot ` scouted ' police stations to attack .     alleged ringleader held under tough anti-terror laws without being charged .     friend of the teenagers reveals the moment they ` became radicalised '     killing of numan haider last year said to be when they became extremist .     also revealed teens were being recruited of top isis official , neil prakash .     instagram account of sevdet besim give insight into the mind of the teen .     he was one of five men arrested as part of anti-terror raids in melbourne .     police allege the teenagers planned to target an anzac day ceremony .
patricia jannuzzi , wrote in a facebook post that gays were behind an ` agenda ' to ` reengineer western civ into slow extinction '     an outcry ensued - including from school alumnus scott lyons , who 's aunt is actress susan sarandon .     jannuzzi was put on administrative leave last month , but there was then a backlash from conservatives .     monsignor seamus brennan said in the letter that catholic teachers should communicate the faith in ' a way that is positive and never hurtful '
bodies of couple in their 20s found by locals in public park near new delhi .     woman was wearing glass bangles traditionally worn by newlywed brides .
micahmedia uploaded the 28-second video demonstrating his method .     video currently has more than 16million views on youtube .     the four-step method only requires a glass and some water .
subjects taking acetaminophen reacted less strongly to both pleasant and unpleasant photos .     each week , 52 million americans use the pain reliever .     unknown whether other pain products produce the same effect .
marshall henderson has had his revenge on the tv reporter after 2 years .     ole miss star was suspended for failing a drug test in 2013 .     in response to that revelation two years ago , andrews said : ` he mocking anyone now ? '     following jarret stoll 's arrest last week , henderson tweeted andrews saying : ` lol wassup with your boyfriend ? '
photographer rhiannon taylor , 29 , created the review site , in bed with .     the australian gets paid to visit , review and photograph the best hotels .     she aims to promote the unusual aspects such as biggest bed or best pies .
manchester united have won six consecutive premier league games .     daley blind wants red devils to focus on run-in starting with chelsea .     holland international credited wayne rooney for inspiring derby win .     gary neville : man united can beat anyone at the moment .
navinder singh sarao , 36 , is accused of causing the may 2010 ` flash crash '     officials believe that he used software to make fake transactions .     he was first warned about alleged illicit trading back in 2009 .     sarao continued his alleged manipulation well into this year .     ` how this continued for six years kind of boggles my mind ' - analyst .
charmain speirs allegedly murdered by pastor husband eric isaiah adusah .     couple travelled to ghana last month so mr adusah could preach at a rally .     ms speirs , who was pregnant , was found face-down in a bath by hotel staff .     the pastor 's defence lawyer claimed ms speirs was a habitual heroin user .     but her brother paul has said his sister had never touched drugs .
car burst into flames at sydney airport 's international terminal on thursday .     4wd was completely destroyed when flames started spewing from engine .     fire crews worked to put out flames as smoke covered outdoor car park .     vehicle was surrounded by other cars at busy terminal car park .
the rev. robert h. schuller died early thursday at a care facility in artesia , daughter carol schuller milner said .     he and his late wife started a ministry in 1955 with $ 500 when he began preaching from the roof of a concession stand at a drive-in movie theater southeast of los angeles .     by 1961 , the church had a brick-and-mortar home -- a ` walk-in/drive-in church ' -- and schuller began broadcasting the ` hour of power ' in 1970 .     in 1980 , he built the towering glass-and-steel crystal cathedral to house his booming tv ministry .     at its peak , in the 1990s , the program had 20 million viewers in about 180 countries .
bobby cole norris launched his appeal #savebobbysmum last august .     revealed his mother kym norris had been diagnosed with leukaemia .     today he thanked an anonymous stem cell donor who stepped in .     kim has had her transplant and is now recovering in hospital .
preston wright , 23 , killed his girlfriend , sarah owen , 21 , with a knife .     wright then turned the weapon on himself inside the home in norman .     officers were met by a boy , thought to be wright 's brother , at the house .     he said owen had been cleaning out the garage when she got into a fight with wright .     eyewitnesses first saw the couple arguing outside of the home .     police found the couple dead inside the house with severe stab wounds .
after the ` storm of a century ' finally dissipated last week , sydneysiders believed the worst was over .     then on anzac day large hailstones blanketed sydney and the blue mountains in a ferocious downpour .     hailstones of up to 2cm were reported in some areas , as the storm transformed parts of the city into ` snowfields '     the weird weather conditions can be attributed to some degree to climate change , according to csiro .     seven buildings , including five 200m long factories , collapsed under half a metre of hail in western sydney .     state emergency services attended over 800 calls for help before the storm cleared at around 7pm .
the weather system is called an east coast low . it is formed from low-pressure over the tasman sea .     they draw strong , moisture-laden winds across the coast , which cause heavy rain to fall .     they are particularly common in june and can dump hundreds of millimetres of rain .     they usually move away after 12 hours but this one is going to stick around for 24-36 hours .     east coast lows were common in the 1970s but became less common in the 90s .     ` close to the coast winds are up to 135kmh and rain up to 200mm , ' weatherman don white says .     police and nsw fire and rescue have been called in to help the ses on 2800 weather related call-outs .
manchester united manager louis van gaal was stunned players could not train after dark at the swish carrington training ground .     van gaal ordered improvements including the installation of floodlights .     the dutchman is keen to replicate match conditions during sessions .
vincent viafore , 46 , from poughkeepsie was on the hudson river near newburgh , new york , with angelika graswald april 19 .     he was thrown out of the boat when they hit rough waters .     she was rescued by people in a nearby boat and made it to shore .     fiancee charged with second-degree murder for allegedly causing viafore 's death .
australian prime minister skols a beer with celebrating football players .     video emerged of tony abbott drinking the beer in six seconds .     the prime minister reportedly earlier gave a speech at the club function .     a crowd of 50 people surrounded mr abbott to cheer him on as he drank .
the oak bottle claims to ` oak age ' wine in hours rather than years .     the product retails at # 50 and promises to impart authentic aged flavours .     oz clarke says its a fun product and would make an interesting gift .     visit oakbottle.com . the pocket wine book by oz clarke is published by pavilion books at # 9.99 .
andy lee was set to defend his middleweight title against peter quillin .     the bout is now a non-title fight after american missed the 160lbs weight .     billy joe saunders is the next mandatory challenger while there is also talk of a lucrative contest with miguel cotto .
daley blind received painting of himself and his father as birthday present .     the 25-year-old called danny blind his ` inspiration ' in instagram post .     blind has been a key player for manchester united this campaign .     click here for all the latest manchester united news .
45-year-old released ten-minute youtube film showing him in lake district .     it follows the presenter as he drinks pints and learns how to herd sheep .     comes after co-host james may released series of films about jobless life .     clarkson also described yesterday how bored he was with unemployed life .
bush , 68 , implied obama 's plan to lift sanctions on iran comes too early .     he noted that islamic country 's government appears to be caving in .     and he said that the deal would have a bad impact on us national security .     speech made to wealthy jewish donors at venetian hotel in las vegas .     bush also suggested obama is losing the war against the islamic state .     said : ` when you say something you have to mean it - you got ta kill 'em '     and he mentioned vladimir putin , hillary clinton and brother , jeb bush .
easter sunday congregation handed a letter explaining choir had quit .     they left in a show of solidarity with music director stephen hogger .     mr hogger had been sacked after apparently falling out with senior figures .     means suffolk church will be without a choir for the first time in 200 years .
bill dudley is still ` lovin ' it ' working at the fast-food joint in mold , north wales .     wife margaret , 71 , has nicknamed her hubby old mcdonald for his longevity .     bill 's special day was marked with a cake and tickets for a weekend away .
robert durst was indicted wednesday on the two weapons charges that have kept him in new orleans .     grand jury charged durst with possession of a firearm by a felon , and possession of both a firearm and an illegal drug : 5 ounces of marijuana .     on thursday he appeared in court to plead not guilty .     durst , 71 , is wanted in california for the murder of his friend susan berman .     berman , an author who formerly acted a media spokeswoman for durst , was shot in the head at her benedict canyon home in 2000 .
anthropologists claim that neanderthals suffered many modern diseases .     dna analysis has shown that they had immunity against common illnesses .     but they believe modern humans brought new infectious pathogens such as heliocbacter pylori with them out of africa and infected neanderthals .     this suggests infectious diseases are much older than previously thought .
warning : graphic content .     child left with horrific scars by adopted mother over homework she set him .     biological mother had sent her son to live with cousin for a better life .     adoptive mum now in custody after incident that sparked outrage in china .
saracens lead 6-3 at the break thanks to two charlie hodgson penalties .     wesley fofana raced onto a brock james chip for the opening try .     a late owen farrell penalty kept saracens in the hunt .     but brock james struck a 72nd penalty to seal the win .
alan stubbs felt hibernian did enough to reach scottish cup final .     falkirk manager peter houston hit back at stubbs ' post-match comments .     houston 's side take on inverness caledonian thistle on may 30 .
javier hernandez got real madrid 's champions league winner against atletico madrid .     hernandez described it as ` one of the most important goals of my life '     he is set to seek a new team when his loan from manchester united ends .
amnesty calls for probe of india police shooting of 20 suspected smugglers .     police decline comment , saying `` investigation is still going on ''     india 's national human rights commission says incident involved `` serious violation of human rights of the individuals . ''
iona costello , 51 , and daughter emily were last seen on march 30 .     were heading into manhattan to visit the theater when they disappeared .     mom 's stepson , george costello jr , was visiting the hamptons at the time .     has a long criminal record and has a tense relationship with the family .     he returned to florida two days after they went missing and was jailed .     police have so far said they do not suspect foul play is involved .
former face of nightly news was suspended for lying about iraq report .     details from investigative team memo to nbc ceo revealed that he is thought to have lied about his experiences at least eleven times .     include seemingly overblown claims about reporting on the arab spring .     info leaked to press this weekend thought to be effort to pressure him out .     media insiders say he would receive between $ 20million and $ 30million .
photos show models maria sidorova and lidia fetisova posing with 650kg bear in forest outside moscow in russia .     they are pictured hugging and kissing stephen the brown bear , who has been specially trained to appear in films .     it was part of an anti-hunting campaign with organisers highlighting ` natural harmony ' between bears and humans .
man , who has not been named , turned gun on himself at 2:15 pm .     was standing by new despicable me minion mayhem ride at the time .
ronnie o'sullivan says he would love to be new top gear presenter .     the five-time world snooker champion has an affection for cars .     o'sullivan has appeared as a guest on the show in the past .     the 39-year-old plays matthew stevens in the second round .
lena , 28 , penned ` why i 'm on team weirdo for life ' for the may issue of seventeen magazine .     the girls star revealed that she never wanted to be normal while in high school , no matter what her peers thought of her .     she explains that being unique and individual is what has helped her to achieve so much success .
mui thomas has a rare genetic condition that leaves her skin raw and open to infection .     abandoned at birth , tina and rog thomas adopted mui .     she 's now 22 , a rugby referee and an inspirational speaker .
retiring jockey ap mccoy has vowed to never return to professional riding .     the 40-year-old rider said : ` shoot me if i ride professionally again '     olympian sir steve redgrave said similar phrase when he retired .     but , redgrave returned to claim olympic gold four years later in sydney .
dulwich picture gallery challenged public to spot fake among 270 paintings .     visitor numbers have quadrupled in three months since it was launched .     counterfeit , ordered on internet from china for # 70 , has now been revealed .     it was a replica of jean-honoré fragonard 's 18th-century young woman .
sir james munby made comments during ruling over family dispute .     presiding over case where teenagers had refused to see father in six years .     says ` carrot and stick ' method helps parents get their children to behave .
lauren perry , 25 , gave birth to her twins 10 weeks early at just 30 weeks .     mason and chloe were in intensive care for two months after their birth .     ms perry 's son had a colostomy bag put in when he was just one day old .     when mason later underwent surgery to have it taken out he got sick .     newborn had contracted a flesh-eating virus which almost claimed his life .     parents would have lost him if he had been left untreated for another hour .
world 's best road is n-222 from peso de regua to pinhao in portugal .     the uk 's best road is deemed to be a591 from kendal to keswick .     second came the a3515 in somerset and third was a535 in chshire .
princess beatrice spent last night partying in london 's hip shoreditch .     spent the evening at shoreditch house with boyfriend dave clark , 31 .     the 26-year-old made her exit from the private members ' club at 2am .
everything you need to know about how the uk election really works .     things like : the candidates , the issues , who 's likely to win , the importance of bacon sandwiches .     plus , if the queen is n't in charge , what does she do ?
the big bird swoops in and demonstrates how to roll ball .     before jumping up on it with both feet and giving it a kick .     the bird 's try-out was captured in north vancouver , canada .     eagle interrupted north shore football club training session .
uefa have confirmed a significant hike in champions league prize money .     celtic could earn # 16million just from competing in the group stages .     manager ronny deila is eager to secure a fourth straight title for celtic .
jon stewart announced the date of his final show live on air , joking he would ` wear a suit and shower '     ' i live in a constant state of depression . i think of us as turd miners , ' he said .     stewart also confessed that his ` moments of dissatisfaction ' with the show had started to become more frequent .     comedian said he did n't have many regrets , but one was not pushing donald rumsfeld harder when he had the chance in 2011 .
bodies of suspected gunmen paraded in front of crowd in garissa .     kenya 's president slams those who finance and support groups like al-shabaab .     al-shabaab threatens `` another bloodbath '' in kenya .
only a year ago adam johnson was still considered an england prospect .     the former manchester city winger never fulfilled his potential .     johnson has shown flashes of his talent , but never been consistent .     the future of both sunderland and their star player hang in the balance .
manchester city fans see prices of some tickets rise from # 885 to # 1,750 .     club says those tickets now come as part of a ` different package '     city have reviewed stadium pricing following a 6,000-seat extension .     cheapest etihad season tickets cost just # 299 .
sweets were aimed at jason puncheon during crystal palace 's victory .     puncheon appeared to be struck while making his way to take a corner .     the eagles playmaker scored in his side 's 2-1 home win at selhurst park .
police say michael scott shemansky came to their attention after he failed to appear for a supervised visit with his son saturday .     that same day mother sandra shemansky , 57 , was found dead at the home they shared in winter garden , florida .     michael shemansky was going through a difficult divorce and neighbors believe the stress may have caused him to snap .
nasser hussain believes it 's time to look at the structure of english cricket .     hussain believes paul downton is just the latest victim to take the flack .     he feels the system is broken and desperately needs attention and fixing .     alastair cook 's sacking shows we are painfully slow to react problems .
judge also throws out bombshell sex claims against lawyer alan dershowitz .     he asks a federal court to `` strike '' sex-related allegations against him .     a court filing says dershowitz had sex with minors via jeffrey epstein ; he denies it .
research suggests certain types of music can bring out specific flavours .     high-pitched music highlights sourness while sweetness is a rich sound .     billie holiday 's voice can emphasise autumnal flavour of pumpkin pudding .     ` digital seasoning ' can also help drinkers enjoy wine by up to 15 % more .
55stone georgia davis , 22 , was lifted from her home in 7-hour operation .     first crane was not strong enough to lift her so a larger crane had to be summoned which forced closure of road in aberdare , south wales .     neighbours thought the ` mayhem ' was due to her flats being on fire .     bedridden woman taken to hospital by ambulance with ` severe infection '
dawn mackeen : 2015 marks 100th anniversary of slaughter of armenians by ottoman empire . kim kardashian has used fame to spotlight this .     she says armenian community has long sought global recognition of the atrocity , but it took a kardashian to catapult it into the news .
south korean adventure seekers have founded a surfing community near the country 's border with the north .     the demilitarized zone , separating the north and south , features the world 's largest border military presence .     the community consists of seoul 's growing jet-setting adventure class , hipsters , gangsters and ex-pats .
the 58-year-old actress revealed her diagnosis in a statement on tuesday .     she explained that doctors initially failed to find the cancer but that it was discovered after she sought out a second opinion .     she underwent surgery last week with hanks by her side and she is expected to make a full recovery .     wilson took medical leave from the broadway play fish in the dark earlier this month but is expected back on stage in may .
cnn 's john sutter told the story of the `` poor kids of silicon valley ''     hud secretary julián castro : our shortage of affordable housing is a national crisis that stunts the economy .
squaretrade 's video shows phone breaking under 110lbs of pressure .     but samsung argues this is an unrealistic portrayal of everyday forces .     it added that original test ` does not show the strength of the back side '     samsung last year poked fun at apple during its bendgate controversy .
days before grandchild is due , gran carole promotes baby-shower range .     mrs middleton 's goodies come in pink and blue in case the sex is unknown .     items in the range include a # 2.79 set of party cups and straws for # 3.49 .     multi-millionaire was criticised for ` tacky ' merchandise at diamond jubilee .
grass tried in his literature to come to grips with world war ii and the nazi era .     his characters were the downtrodden , and his style slipped into the surreal .     he stoked controversy with his admission to being a member of the waffen ss .
confederate gen. robert e. lee surrendered to union lt. gen. ulysses s. grant on april 9 , 1865 .     the surrender in appomattox , virginia , is considered a milestone event in the ending of the civil war .     re-enactors gathered in appomattax for a re-enactment of the battle of appomattox courthouse .
the austrian skier worked with the team at red bull to create the multi-coloured skiing video .     poles filled with biodegradable powder were positioned on an enhanced slope , which erupted as he went passed .     it took six gopros , two phantom cameras and three red epic dragon cameras to capture the event .
rachel cole-fletcher is a teaching fellow at durham university - and works with students looking at cognitive traits associated with anorexia risk .     argues that rather than skinny models being to blame , other factors are .     states that people with anorexia tend to have a certain personality type .     and that images of thin women are unlikely to have much of an effect .
mindy kaling 's brother vijay chokalingam pretended to be black to get into med school .     jeff yang : that 's offensive and ironic , considering that minorities experience many disadvantages .
strung out on heroin , anthony sideri robbed a bank .     he had to go through withdrawal in a jail cell .     overcoming addiction is possible , he says , as he 's building a new life as a family man .
saturday is record store day , celebrated at music stores around the world .     many stores will host live performances , drawings and special sales of rare vinyl .
iranian plane came within 50 yards of u.s. navy sea hawk copter .     navy copter was on patrol in international airspace .     u.s. official think iranian plane may have been under orders of local commander .
australian financial review writer geoff winestock told fairfax to sack him .     he hopes that ` in 50 years ' there are ` no soldiers around to honour '     mr winestock spoke out in support of sbs sports reporter .     scott mcintyre was sacked over his anzac day tweets .     remembering ` rape and theft ' committed by ` brave ' anzacs , he tweeted .     mcintyre also called the gallipoli landings ` an imperialist invasion '     his comments sparked fury , with hundreds calling for him to be sacked .     ` sbs apologises for any offence or harm caused by mr mcintyre 's comments ' the broadcaster says .
19th century castle toward , near dunoon , was used to ready soldiers for the d-day landings in world war two .     overlooking clyde estuary and with easy access to the sloping shoreline , it was deemed an ideal training ground .     the castle was commandeered by winston churchill and was commissioned as hms brontosaurus in 1942 .     the training that took place was so realistic and demanding many servicemen were killed in accidents .
toshiba tests robotic greeter at upscale tokyo department store .     more japanese businesses are testing out robots as possible solution to japan 's shrinking workforce .
broke down during los angeles concert as he talked about his daughter bobbi kristin , who has been in a coma since january 31 .     in the middle of his set in front of 4,000 people , he offered a pitch for his line of bbq sauces .
jay rutland , 34 , is married to 30-year-old daughter of bernie ecclestone .     his company had total net assets of # 3,378 last year , down from # 18,131 .     former stockbroker lives with his wife and daughter in # 45million house .     brigante business developments is management consultancy company .
frank lampard showed his support of a gay footballer coming out .     the midfielder says the game is changing and would be accepting .     lampard also spoke about his plans when he retires from playing .     the new york city star revealed what he thinks went wrong for england .
hani al-sibai is believed to have influenced a number of young muslim men .     lives in area where jihadi johnspent time with london boys terror cell .     security services believed to be investigating cleric 's influence on network .     al-sibai recently caused outrage for making sexist remarks to lebanese tv host live on air .
the officers have been placed on administrative leave after shocking video footage surfaced of them harassing a group of four students .     the incident occurred at el centro college in dallas and was captured on cell phone by student charles adams .     footage shows the young men being ordered to face a brick wall , while one cop searched , questioned , and even hit one of the teens .     el centro college president jose adames has said a full investigation is underway .
craig roberts , 36 , went to chadderton post office to top up electric meter .     but staff said he would not be served unless he left his guide dog outside .     mr roberts was born with glaucoma and has 30 per cent vision in one eye .     he was eventually served after a ten minute standoff with an employee .
the youngster was wading in the mudflats at burnham-on-sea yesterday .     he found himself in trouble at 3.30 pm when the tide started coming in .     the beach warden alerted the coastguard which arrived in a hovercraft .     he was flown to safety and returned to his relieved parents unharmed .
darron gibson was injured in everton 's 2-1 win over queens park rangers .     roberto martinez hopes midfielder will be 100 per cent fit for pre-season .     the toffees travel to the liberty stadium to take on swansea on saturday .
jo burston is a top australian entrepreneur and owns seven businesses .     in first four years of business she had a $ 40 million dollar turnover .     founder of job capital and new organisation ` inspiring rare birds '     burston has partnered up with branson 's virgin unite for mentor program .
millie-belle diamond is just 14 months old but has 115,000 instagram fans .     her mother schye fox styles her outfits and snaps photos with her iphone .     ms fox first set up her baby 's instagram account to share pics with family .     the mum , from sydney 's northern beaches , wanted to let her family in wa and queensland see how millie-belle was growing .     millie-belle is now sent designer garbs to wear in her photos .
relegation strugglers leicester city took the lead in the first half thanks to footballing legend esteban cambiasso .     nigel pearson 's side had the chance to double their lead three minutes later when the hosts were awarded a penalty .     however , foxes striker david nugent failed to convert the penalty as spanish goalkeeper adrian saved smartly .     west ham united equalised with 32 minutes gone when senegalese international cheikhou kouyate found the net .     bot sides hit the post in the second half but it was leicester city who earned a vital win thanks to andy king .
abby lubiewski has a rare genetic syndrome and has cataracts as a result .     her mother amanda said she has ` no vision at all ' without her glasses .     lubiewski felt her daughter had been discriminated against when she found out other children at abby 's school got to wear their glasses .     lifetouch school photography has since apologized and will re-take abby 's picture for free .
chelsea edged manchester united 1-0 at stamford bridge on saturday .     blues forward eden hazard scored the game 's only goal , but united dominated possession and completed many more successful passes .     despite defeat , united 's confident performance suggests that they will definitely be premier league title challengers again next season .     united are preparing to spend heavily in the summer transfer window .
disturbing photo shows cortez berry hunched down with a swollen eye in front of two shirtless young men , one of whom is holding a leash .     berry told family members he was jumped by ten other inmates and guards did n't check on him until six hours after the incident .     department of corrections is investigating and believe the incident was gang-related .     mom demetria harris said she wants an assurance from the department that he will be able to pay his debt to society , without being killed .     berry has since been transferred to a different prison , where he is now in protective custody .
jason dufner and amanda married in 2012 .     divorce settlement states there had been an ` irretrievable breakdown of the marriage '     amanda will receive $ 2.5 m as part of the settlement while jason will keep two houses .
kim pappas did not tell anybody she was pregnant before giving birth .     she gave birth standing up in bathroom at ceva logistics in michigan .     cut umbilical cord with cuticle scissors , wrapped baby in plastic bag , put that in a tote bag , then returned to her desk and put it in a drawer .     co-workers had heard moaning then saw blood on restroom floor .     they spotted blood on pappas then found the baby dead in the drawer .     she claimed she had a miscarriage but autopsy shows suffocation .     pappas faces charges of premeditated murder and child abuse , denied bail .
the bbc has made light of clarkson fracas in a comedy programme .     it shows bosses holding emergency meeting after he uses the word ` tosser '     the episode was filmed last july , but the narration has been tweaked .
radamel falcao joined manchester united on on loan last summer .     falcao has struggled for form and games since his move .     the colombian forward is currenlty earning # 280,000 a week .
audio has surfaced of michael slager , 33 , laughing and admitting to experiencing a rush of adrenaline in the minutes following the shooting .     walter scott , 50 , was shot five times in the back as he ran away from the traffic stop on april 5 .     slager has been charged with murder after cell phone footage of the incident emerged which contadicted the initial police report .     the audio of slager talking with a senior officer at the scene was picked up the damcam in his vehicle which had been recording the initial incident .
jurgen klopp 's seven-year stint at borussia dortmund will end on june 30 .     premier league clubs on alert after the shock news from germany .     klopp has denied suggestions he is exhausted and wants a break .     dortmund ceo hans-joachim watzke confirmed news in press conference .     the 47-year-old has been linked to arsenal and man city jobs .     klopp has won two league titles and the german cup in seven years there .     klopp : ' i believe that borussia dortmund actually needs a change '
men in u.s. special operations forces fear the pentagon will lower standards to integrate women into their elite units .     survey results show the need to do more to educate special forces members as integration of women into more military positions .     male troops are worried that leaders would ` capitulate to political pressure '     special operations forces , include the navy seal and army delta units and are considered the most grueling and difficult jobs in the military .
woman was struck by lightning in her car in boston , lincolnshire .     several days later her hairdresser noticed minor burns on her scalp .     later that day the 77-year-old noticed her eye sight was blurred .     a scan of her retina revealed heat from the bolt burned a hole in her retina .
warning : graphic video .     video of eric harris 's shooting released by tulsa county sheriff 's office .     shows deputies chasing harris , 44 , through tulsa , oklahoma , on april 2 .     they tackle him to ground ; reserve deputy robert bates shouts ` taser ! '     but instead of pulling out taser , he takes out service weapon and fires .     bates says , ' i shot him ! i 'm sorry ! ' , while harris begins yelping in pain .     suspect , being held down by his neck , then says : ` i 'm losing my breath '     other unidentified cops tell him , ` f *** your breath , ' and ` shut the f *** up '     harris was later hospitalized , died an hour later ; investigation ongoing .
romanian-born alexandra harra , 28 , has become an instagram star .     model , who 's posed for playboy , posts selfies with inspirational messages .     after dyeing locks black , being hailed as a rival to kim kardashian .
christine bleakely and frank lampard have been together for five years .     bonding with daughters by model elen rivas has been a slow process .     the tv presenter admits that becoming a step-mother is very delicate .
youtube videos show four-month-old noah monte perfectly balancing on the palm of his father 's hand as he 's lifted through the air .     he apparently started performing the ` circus act ' when he was a month old .     but now - more than a year on - it appears he could be getting a little too heavy for his father to lift in the palm of his hand .
the 34-year-old revealed that she keeps ` everything ' she wears and stores the items in ` clear plastic bags '     kim gave birth to north , her first child with husband kanye west , on june 15 , 2013 .
ashley young joined manchester united in june 2011 from aston villa .     young feels he has an important role to play under louis van gaal .     he feels he and wayne rooney are among those that have taken on responsibility after nemanja vidic , rio ferdinand and patrice evra left .
previously , the u.s. did not disclose whether a stopped traveler was on the list or why .     but facing legal pressure from the aclu , the obama administration has enacted a new policy to let americans know if they are on the list .     grounded americans are also now allowed to inquire about how they got on the list .     however , the government has not promised to reveal why in all cases - citing possible national security threats .     last fall there were about 64,000 people on the no-fly list , and americans made up approximately 5 per cent .
sea bright fire chief chad murphy wore a camera on his now-charred helmet as he stepped into the furnace in rumson on monday .     the four-alarm fire at the rumson mansion , known as blithewald , has been ruled accidental , though the exact cause is yet to be identified .     no injuries were reported .
emma jackson , 28 , from hull was subjected to a campaign of terror .     unemployed mark ray , 56 , made threats and went on expletive-laden rants .     also began following her to work and down the street .     dispute began because of mr ray 's fondness for watching tv loudly .     ms jackson says constant noise at all hours left her unable to sleep .     emma jackson appears on the nightmare neighbour next door , tonight at 8pm on channel 5 .
buttery flavours of sausage roll are balanced by zesty apple of riesling .     pair margherita with shiraz and pepperoni pizza with cabernet sauvignon .     pair your scotch egg with fiano and chocolate with a glass of merlot .
maurice thibaux stormed stage at sydney 's mercedes-benz fashion week .     the 67-year-old was making a noise complaint to the carriageworks venue .     he compared noise of the show to ' a jumbo jet taking off over your head '     mr thibaux said the rumble felt made his house feel like it was shaking .     he apologised to organisers , saying he did not mean to disturb the show .
crystal mcnaughton from long beach , california , filmed the moment her newborn son paul started welling up to a rousing song from glee .     as the track o holy night plays , a look of sadness spreads across the tiny infant 's face .     every time lea michele sings the baby starts to cry .
bobbi ann house , 39 , is currently on-the-run for check fraud .     her and husband zackerie house , 27 , believed to be camping in oklahoma .     allegedly used bad checks worth $ 13,500 in oregon , colorado and oklahoma .     bobbi ann hit headlines in 2010 for marrying at 14 servicemen .     she would move around different military bases stealing money .     spent at least seven months in prison but was recently released .
lauren crawley had surgery for a benign brain tumour behind her left ear .     while the op was a success , it damaged a facial nerve .     the left side of her face consequently appeared droopy .     but a new platinum implant has ` made her look more normal '
the items went under the hammer at bonhams new york on march 31 and april 1 .     several pieces once belonging to bacall 's first husband humphrey bogart were included in the auction .
calbuco volcano in southern chile - which has been dormant for 40 years - erupted without warning on wednesday .     a second terrifying eruption yesterday has now forced over 4,000 to flee in aftermath of the ` apocalypse-like ' event .     footage of the eruption has revealed a strange pair of white lights floating perilously close to the ash cloud .
prime minister says conservatives will be party of first black or asian pm .     cameron points to party record of past female and jewish prime ministers .     he will set out targets for ethnic minority recruitment in bid to woo voters .
xenophobia can not explain the conflict between native poor black south africans and foreign african entrepreneurs , says abdi .     killings of foreigners can not be separated from the brutal violence poor south africans experience , she adds .
some 276 girls were kidnapped from their school in northeastern nigeria by boko haram a year ago .     despite a global outcry , one year on , only a handful have escaped and returned home .     isha sesay : we should all feel shame that our collective attention span is so fleeting .
` it is a man-made disaster , ' she said . ` with different policies over the last 20 years , all of this could be avoided '     ` liberal environmentalists have prevented the building of a single new reservoir or a single new water conveyance system , ' she accused .     one of the so-called liberal environmental groups fiorina blamed later knocked her political savvy and said her argument was ` irrational '     another group said hundreds of dams in california have n't helped with the drought - ` that 's because you ca n't store what 's not there '     a spokeswoman for fiorina told daily mail online , ` it is clear that the radical environmental lobby would prefer to ignore the facts on this one '
britain ranks as just 27th best country in the world for health and wellness .     obesity levels were the main factor pushing britain down in health ranking .     study shows uk came 11th in countries with high standards of prosperity .
zeta beta tau suspended and charged for the ` disgusting ' acts .     three members were expelled for the deplorable acts at the warrior beach retreat in panama beach city on april 17 .     event designed to give ex-servicemen a relaxing break .     university of florida and emory university branches were there at the time .     they allegedly ripped flags off cars and urinated on them and threw items off balconies .     wounded veteran nicholas connole said he was spat on and felt ` hurt '
indonesia executed eight drug smugglers wednesday morning .     mary jane veloso was meant to be the ninth but was given reprieve .     supporters , family `` overjoyed '' -- indonesia stresses it 's just a delay .
around 400 migrants trying to reach europe died when their boat capsized .     body of one migrant on another vessel was thrown overboard to sharks .     stories emerged after more than 8,000 crossed mediterranean at weekend .
school children as young as nine are posting public ` hot or not ' videos .     some more cutting clips can gather over 2,000 views online .     what effect will this new form of humiliation have on the next generation ?
alix bussey , 23 , from durham was hit by a car and died on mexican holiday .     she was visiting resort of riviera maya and said it was the ` best time ever '     family led tributes said alix had ` lived life to the full and loved to party '     her primary school students are said to be devastated by news of her loss .
ed miliband has admitted that he cried watching the british film pride .     movie centres on the 1984 miners ' strike and a group of gays and lesbians .     billy elliott and brassed off could also get the labour leader blubbing .
england are 373 for six at stumps on day three , 74 runs ahead of the west indies first innings of 299 .     alastair cook -lrb- 76 -rrb- and jonathan trott -lrb- 59 -rrb- put on an opening stand of 125 but could n't reach their centuries .     no 5 joe root was outstanding reaching a century at a strike rate of 80 and was 118 not out at stumps .     root 's half-century gave him an england record-equalling sixth test score of 50 or more - no-one has seven .     gary ballance was out softly for 77 after ian bell played on for one . moeen ali ran himself out for a duck .
tulsa county sheriff 's office reserve deputy robert bates faces a charge of second-degree manslaughter for the april 2 shooting of eric harris .     records include training certificates , job evaluation reports and weapons training and qualification records dating to 2008 .     some of the records seem to indicate bates was proficient in firearms and dozens of other training courses .     he kept his taser near his chest and his gun on his right side - but insisted the mix-up could have happened to anyone .     bates said he had completed all proper training and was not allowed to ` play cop ' just because he had donated equipment to the sheriff 's office .
holidaymakers are willing to travel the world to take in stunning views from man-made or natural vantage points .     brave souls can hang over the edge of toronto 's cn tower , which stands 1,815 ft tall .     pulpit rock in forsand , norway has a flat top that provides a setting for the ultimate selfie at 1,982 ft .
british grandmother lindsay sandiford was convicted of smuggling drugs .     she has been sentenced to death and is currently on death row in bali .     her pal andrew chan who also smuggled drugs will be executed tuesday .     she has told friends that if they kill andrew , ` what hope is there ' for herself .
two large cruise ships - anthem of the seas and explorer of the seas - both sailing out of southampton this summer .     the liners , both owned by royal caribbean , were spotted passing each other in southampton docks earlier today .     the anthem of the seas is now the world 's largest cruise ship with room for nearly 5,000 passengers and 16 decks .     sister ship , the explorer of the seas , has recently undergone refurbishment and will sail around the mediterranean .
liam sandham , of fleetwood , has gone viral with the prank .     plasterer holds magnifying glass to friend 's hand in a van .     he concentrates light onto an area on work mate 's knuckle .     his friend reacts in shock and swears after being burnt .     video has been watched over one million times online .
michael keaton hosted `` saturday night live '' for the first time in 1982 .     in 2015 , his nods to starring roles in `` beetlejuice '' and `` batman '' are brief .
alastair cook 's old failing against the full ball just outside off stump was again exploited by west indies .     bbc 's test match special pundit geoff boycott questioned wisdom of jonathan trott returning to the england side .     england recovered from a shaky start to end third day of first test on 116-3 in their second innings , a lead of 220 .
care home resident arthur townsend poured it over mercedes sprinter .     he had become angry at martin carter , son of his friend olive carter , 96 .     believed he was making her stay at home to sign for business packages .     townsend admitted criminal damage and must pay # 500 compensation .
second election after polling day is ` extremely likely ' , academics claim .     professor paul whiteley of essex university predicts left wing coalition .     but he said : ' i do n't see another coalition government lasting five years '     tories will finish largest party but without enough allies to form a coalition .
april 8 , 2014 , the who finally started reporting the ebola epidemic was a `` concern ''     front line health care workers and ebola survivors say the world has to act quicker .
jack wilshere has been traipsing his local supermarket 's shopping aisles .     arsenal midfielder reveals his craving for cereal and his preferred choices .     eggs and baked beans suggest wilshere loves a full english breakfast too .     read : what are arsenal 's transfer options this summer .     arsene wenger : arsenal are close to bridging the gap on the top four .
jade ruthven , 33 , from perth , received angry anonymous letter .     outrageous poison pen letter was concocted by ' a few of the girls '     demands she stops posting so many photos and updates about her baby .     ` we all thought it might ease off after the first month , but it has n't '     ms ruthven , a first-time-mother said letter was like a slap in the face .
sean mccabe was diagnosed with hodgkin lymphoma and was given two months to live , so he started making preparations for his death .     he booked the church for his funeral and selected songs to be played .     father-of-three also penned a goodbye letter to be read to three children .     mr mccabe made recovery and cancer is now in remission , so he has rebooked the church to marry his long term partner lisa williams this year .
memphis depay held a secret meeting manchester united recently .     the holland winger scored last week as psv clinched the eredivisie title .     depay is eredivisie 's top goalscorer with 20 - even though he is a winger .     louis van gaal previously admitted he lacks a 20-goals-per-season striker .     the 21-year-old is a left winger who cuts inside with a powerful right foot .     nobody in eredivisie completed more dribbles -lrb- 101 -rrb- last season than him .     in 2014 , depay became the youngest-ever dutch scorer at a world cup .     van gaal put him alongside robin van persie and arjen robben in 4-3-3 .
rebecca rice , 16 , was allowed to take her pet dog into five-minute exam .     she told her teacher she struggles to control her nerves ahead of the gcse .     teacher lorette esteve advised she bring along 11-year-old dog holly .     school has various tactics help reduce stress including lucky key rings .
new jersey institute of technology research reveals stunning video .     it shows a solar flux ` rope ' taking shape on the sun .     twisting groups of magnetic fields writhe around a central axis .     and the rope ultimately causes a bright flash - a solar flare - to form .
a wisconsin pizzeria is harassed by people confusing it with one in indiana .     owners of memories gourmet pizza co. have gotten angry calls , facebook posts .     memories pizza of walkerton , indiana , made headlines amid `` religious freedom '' debate .
british company swan has unveiled a new # 279.99 super steam iron .     but can it really speed up the household chore everyone dreads ?     tessa cunningham puts the best steam irons to the test .
leighton baines and luke garbutt visit children 's hospital in liverpool .     everton defenders hand out easter eggs to young patients and families .     toffees face premier league clash against southampton on saturday .
new york university psychologists studied how the brain stores memories .     found boring details become more memorable with emotional context .     emotional experience can enhance memory for old neutral information .
jefferson montero to have fitness test after picking up injury with ecuador .     tom carroll ruled out for swansea after damaging ankle ligaments .     mohamed diame and james chester to return following long lay-offs .     gaston ramirez also set to play a role despite carrying slight knock .
prince harry made a surprise visit to a remote aboriginal village .     wuggubugan is in the outback and 600 miles from darwin , the nearest city .     harry just ` rocked up ' say thrilled locals and is a ` delightful chap '     30-year-old has been in australia since monday and will stay for a month .
a wolf spider races across a kitchen floor in hallett cove , south australia .     unluckily for it it 's spotted by a man who smashes it with a broom .     following a few whacks hundreds of babies burst out of the female spider .     after hatching , spider babies crawl onto the mother 's back and stay there .     as most of the the spiders are now dead the man sweeps them all up .
tv cook gizzi erskine poses at feline feast with her british shorthair cat .     told puss puss magazine kimchi loves taramasalata and tortilla chips .     loves cats so much she 's planning a feline tattoo behind her ear .
collector says he bought the outfit as it was about to be thrown away .     vivien leigh wore it in several key scenes in the 1939 movie .
an archive of royal letters and books unseen for 200 years is to be digitised .     the queen launched project at windsor castle 's royal library .     included are letters shedding light on the american war of independence .     also a 200-year-old poetry book written by the shah of persia in 1812 .     queen joked that , ` you do n't get gifts like that any more ! '     also includes an essay by george iii and letters from queen charlotte .
binh wagner , a 3-year-old vietnamese girl adopted by an ontario family , was recovering monday following a liver transplant .     earlier this year , her twin phuoc received a liver from their adopted father michael wagner but binh 's fate remained uncertain .     the identical twins suffer from a genetic disease called alagille syndrome , which leads to a buildup of bile in the liver , causing damage to liver cells .
rebecca horton , 28 , and curtis martin , 24 , had twins kendall and baylee .     girls are non-identical , meaning they do not share the same set of dna .     this means their physical characteristics and genders can vary .     however , having such contrasting skin tones is still extremely rare .
harry met james freedman , who has his own one-man pickpocket show .     performer advises police and teaches people how not to be victims of theft .     in astonishing demonstration , he shows how quickly a thief can rob you .
luke harris and daryl lee had their first child three months ago and are now preparing to welcome their third baby .     gay couple will become fathers for a third time in a few weeks after enlisting the help of three surrogate mothers .     first child phoenix blue born on january 14 while daughter willow-star arrived in 25-minute labour on february 25 .     upcoming birth means the parents , from surrey , will have completed their family of three within just seven months .
cristiano ronaldo 's practice shot flies into the crowd hitting young fan .     ronaldo shows concern but continues his warm-up until the final drill .     portuguese icon wheels away to behind goal where the stricken fan stands .     ballon d'or holder takes off his training shirt and presents it to tearful boy .     click here to see who ronaldo will be facing in the champions league .
usually eat vegetables from spain and south america at this time of year .     but recent temperatures have led to english tomatoes sprouting early .     strawberries and raspberries also on shelves already , far earlier than usual .
eligah christian , 49 , was taken into custody friday after his unsuccessful bid to elude capture near sarah palin 's home of wasilla .     christian was being sought on a $ 100,000 warrant on charges of scheming to defraud , 15 counts of theft and 21 counts of issuing bad checks .
singing the national anthem is a risky proposition .     whitney houston nailed it ; roseanne barr destroyed it .
former footballer woke up in middle of the night to find his leg was cold .     mabbutt diagnosed with diabetes at 17 but complications had developed .     he required the main artery to be replaced and almost lost his left leg .     the ex-spurs star wants to raise awareness of dangers relating to diabetes .
second-placed preston hosted league one leaders bristol city .     jermaine beckford fired the home side into the lead in the 59th minute .     aaron wilbraham equalised for bristol city four minutes later .
scottish tv presenter has lost weight through regular zumba classes .     dance routine has helped 55-year-old lorraine drop two dress sizes .     has also found a friend for life in zumba instructor maxine jones .     read the full interview in this week 's issue of woman , on sale tuesday 14 april .
kai windsor knew from three that he had been born in the wrong body .     by four he would n't wear dresses and by six he wanted to cut his hair short .     kai came out at school as a transgender and is now referred to as a boy .     at age of 10 he is set to undergo hormone treatment to halt puberty .
five-star ballyfin has was given the prestigious award in the publication 's latest edition .     the high-profile couple stayed there last may on their honeymoon following their italian nuptials .     the entirety of the elegant hotel can be hired out for # 18,000 -lrb- $ 25,000 -rrb- a night .
framework agreement with iran over its nuclear program was reached this month .     julian zelizer : white house should seek congressional approval for final deal .     there 's a history of congress causing trouble for major international treaties , he says .
european pilots must fill out forms that ask about mental and physical illnesses .     road to crash site is almost finished , says mayor of le vernet , france .     german newspaper bild releases a timeline of the flight 's final moments .
violence broke out in reynosa on friday after arrest of ` el gafe '     cartel leader jose tiburcio hernandez fuentes was captured on friday .     three suspected assailants were killed and two state police injured .     roads in the city were blocked with vehicles set on fire by gunmen .     authorities said the situation was brought under control by the afternoon .
female student , who has not been identified , pictured in snapchat photo .     detailed ` reasons why usc wifi blows ' on board using a red marker pen .     reasons included ` ratchets ' and ` parking ' , but top of the list was ` n ***** s '     student , formerly of kappa delta chapter sorority , has been suspended .     also facing university code of conduct investigation into the incident .
manchester united paid almost # 30million to sign luke shaw last summer .     deal made shaw the most expensive teenage footballer of all time .     he has not appeared for united since being substituted against arsenal .     louis van gaal has told the young left back he is not fit enough .     shaw is a home boy and has struggled to adapt to new life in manchester .     he has found a manager who has very specific and exacting demands .
megan huntsman , 40 , pleaded guilty to the six murders in february .     police said children , born between 1996 and 2006 , were alive just minutes .     she would strangle newborns with her thumbs and hide them in garage .     two of her old daughters spoke up for their mom in letters read in court .     huntsman , from pleasant grove , utah , was sentenced for her crimes today .     given six sentences of five years to life , three of which are consecutive .     means she will spend at least 15 years behind bars , and likely much longer .
ucla study found the pill shrinks two parts of the brain linked to emotion .     synthetic hormones found in the contraceptive are thought to be to blame .     believe it could account for increased anxiety and depressive episodes .
devastated fiance of late ` wellness warrior ' jessica ainscough writes touching tribute to followers .     ainscough , 30 , died in february following a lengthy fight with a rare and aggressive form of cancer .     she advocated treating cancer with a vegan diet and coffee enemas .     partner tallon pamenter , who she was to marry this year , said : ` my heart is in a million pieces '     ` this year has stripped me from the one thing that brought magic to every aspect of my life '     mr pamenter also revealed she underwent radiation in her final weeks .
the 22-year-old teamed up with the flatiron school in new york to offer 20 girls free tuition to a two-week software engineering program .     karlie attended the course last year and was inspired to share her experience with young girls across the country .     the model gave $ 20,000 of her own money to create the scholarship , with the flatiron school matching her donation .
don mclean 's `` american pie '' lyrics auctioned for $ 1.2 million .     the song is dense with symbolism ; mclean says lyrics , notes will reveal meaning .     `` pie '' is mclean 's biggest hit , was no. 1 in 1972 .
dominique johnson , 19 , was arrested on wednesday and has been charged with conspiracy to commit armed robbery .     she is the roommate and alleged girlfriend of jamyra gallmon , 21 , who last week was charged with first-degree murder .     david messerschmitt , 30 , was stabbed to death on february 9 at the boutique donovan hotel in washington d.c.     gallmon has admitted to police that she set up the lawyer so that he was expecting to meet a man for gay sex at the hotel .     when she attempted to rob him they got into a struggle and she pulled a knife from her pants and stabbed him repeatedly .
stoll is a center who has played for the kings since 2008 .     he is reportedly involved with sportscaster and `` dancing with the stars '' host erin andrews .
gray 's family asked there be no protests ; they condemned violence .     community leaders and brave residents got in between rioters and police .
vw westfalia camper was designed in the 1950s and discontinued in 2003 .     new electric version is set to get batteries hidden under the floor .     design has n't yet been revealed but it will share details with the original .     engineers are making a concept but it 's not certain if the van will be sold .
swastika and ` scum ' sprayed in white paint on window and blue door .     labour offices around half a mile away were also targeted by vandals .     scottish councillor ross thomson posted images of graffiti on twitter .
ed miliband says he spent his childhood obsessing over computer games .     labour leader reveals he is a fan of ellie goulding and the band bastille .     poor hand-eye coordination but spent childhood playing manic miner .     says he mother calls him ` edward ' if she does not like one of his policies .
a four-month-old baby girl is in hospital with life-threatening injuries .     a 20-year-old man 's car crashed into the bedroom of her geelong house .     police say a car crashed through a fence and into the breakwater house after its driver apparently failed to negotiate a roundabout .
manchester united have lost the last four derbies to manchester city .     ashley young is desperate to put that run to an end on sunday .     louis van gaal 's side lead their local rivals by one point in premier league .
andy murray and kim sears married at dumblane cathedral on saturday .     his mother judy murray has revealed that she ` ca n't wait to be a granny '     tennis coach already has plans to introduce her grandchildren to the sport .
andros townsend scored the equaliser in england 's 1-1 draw with italy .     townsend tweeted to hit back at paul merson for his previous comments .     townsend has been been ` desperate ' to silence his critics .     merson had slammed townsend for his display against man united .
louis jordan , 37 , had been missing at sea for more than two months before he was picked up off the north carolina coast by a ship on thursday .     jordan had told his family in january that he was ` going into the open water ' to go fishing but the boat capsized and the mast broke .     he was found sitting on the capsized hull of his sailboat and plucked from the sea by a helicopter .     he had a broken collarbone and was dehydrated but looked in good health and was able to walk to the hospital unaided .     ` to us it 's just a miracle . we 're just so thrilled that he was found alive , ' said his mother norma davis .     jordan told rescuers he survived drinking rain water and eating raw fish and read a bible repeatedly from cover to cover .
kate and william to start new royal birth custom .     arrival of queen 's fifth great-grandchild will be announced with a hashtag .     birth revealed on buckingham palace easel after social media .
aaron hernandez , even when on trial for murder , keeps that certain bounce in his step .     hernandez seemed to watch his former boss and fiancee closely when they were on the stand .
lewis hamilton has landed himself a cameo role in zoolander 2 .     the f1 world champion was spotted on the rome set of the film .     the comedy sequel stars ben stiller , owen wilson and billy zane .
americans paid more for some fruits and vegetables last year because of the drought .     tourists will now have to ask for a glass of water at a california restaurant .     perhaps the only good thing is another `` great '' wine grape harvest last year .
jurors in sentencing phase in dzhokhar tsarnaev 's trial hear of loss .     victims testify about the impact of the bombing on their lives .
authorities searching for other potential victims of william ` frankie ' dugan , 29 , and 32-year-old valerie ojo .
elanora baidoo married victor sena blood-dzraku in 2009 .     marriage was not consummated and blood-dzraku has disappeared .     judge in brooklyn has allowed baidoo to issue divorce papers via facebook .
google is said to be in talks with hutchison whampoa , which owns three .     global network will let users make calls in any country at no extra cost .     google 's sundar pichai confirmed rumours of a network in february .     instead of building masts google is said to be looking at becoming a mobile virtual network operator -lrb- mvno -rrb- .
givenchy designer riccardo tisci , 40 , announced that donatella , 59 , will appear in his new ad campaign .     the top designers work for competing fashion brands , but they are good friends in real life .     riccardo once told donatella he would love to see her dressed in givenchy .
the kiss took place after she sang three of her hits , hung up , express yourself and human nature .     sources insist drake liked the smooch but it was her ` glossy ' lipstick that made him recoil .
duke university study looked at 1,000 years of temperature records .     it compared it to the most severe emissions scenarios by the ipcc .     found that natural variability can slow or speed the rate of warming .     these ` climate wiggles ' were not properly accounted for in ipcc report .
puren was the youngest brother of puyi , who ruled from 1908 to 1912 .     died on friday after being taken to hospital with pneumonia in february .     previously established a primary school and taught until the late 1960s .     he had been suffering from poor health and memory loss in recent years .
louise shepherd , 31 , killed in bolivia while on round-the-world trip .     ms shepherd died after a tree fell on her during a jungle tour .     recently worked at kingston university , but left in order to travel .
the victims confronted the woman , kayla , on an episode of dr phil .     none of the women had met impostor despite regular texts and conversation .     kayla said she is gay and mormon , but thought she ` could n't have both ' , and used catfishing to ` figure out ' who she was , which she said was wrong .     it emerged kayla was a catfish when one of her victims became suspicious and looked further into who she was talking with .
jodi arias is sentenced to life in prison with no possibility for parole .     arias expressed remorse for her actions .
graeme finlay allegedly attacked ronald and june phillips on a cruise ship .     came as the couple walked back to their cabin on the ship to drink cocoa .     both husband and wife were knocked unconscious and severely injured .     finlay denies two charges of wounding and grievous bodily harm .
the male hormone testosterone does n't always get a good press .     all that 's unpleasant about male behaviour is ascribed to the hormone .     yet , as joe herbert explains , testosterone is at the heart of human life .
bryan santana , 20 , of orlando , florida , was found guilty of murdering his former roommate , shelby fazio , 23 , on thursday .     he was sentenced to life terms in prison .     santana previously admitted to strangling and stabbing fazio , a disney world employee , to death and having sex with her corpse .     he also attacked their third roommate with a knife and killed fazio 's dog .     his trial was set for tuesday , but pushed back after he smeared feces all over his body at the courthouse and tried to hit an officer .     in opening statements wednesday , prosecutors said santana ` delighted ' in the murder of fazio .     they also showed photos of the messages he wrote on the wall in her dog 's blood , including one that said ` i 'm not sorry for what i did '
peter schmeichel and oliver kahn star in tipico 's latest advert .     duo square off in a top trump style competition of honours and accolades .     pair were involved in the dramatic 1999 champions league final .     manchester united came from a goal behind to beat bayern munich 2-1 .
fireball captured on camera by the uk meteor observing network .     it says that it came from an asteroid orbiting between mars and jupiter .     the meteor burned up at the relatively low altitude of 21 miles .     there were dozens of sightings of the event , from england to ireland .
the limited copies of selfish were sold on gilt.com for $ 60 each .     the special versions feature an exclusive cover in addition to being hand-signed and numbered by the 34-year-old reality star .
destroyer and support ship sent from bandar abbas , iran , to gulf of aden .     military chiefs claim the move is to protect iranian shipping from piracy .     saudi arabia is leading bombing campaign to oust iran-allied houthi which has taken most of yemen .     us is stepping up weapons deliveries in support of the saudi-led coalition .
anti-vaccination group get rid of sids has had its charity status revoked .     group was behind seminars with anti-vaccine campaigner sherri tenpenny .     the u.s.-based speaker was set to speak across australia earlier this year .     but dr tenpenny cancelled after she received threats and feared for safety .
temperatures outside the spacecraft will reach 2,500 degrees fahrenheit .     launch window opens for 20 days starting on july 31 , 2018 .
ap mccoy will struggle with his new routine now he has retired from racing .     20-time champion jockey described saturday as the hardest day of his life .     his short-term list of diversions will include watching his beloved arsenal .     conditional jockey champion sean bowen tipped to follow in his footsteps .
more questions than answers emerge in controversial s.c. police shooting .     officer michael slager , charged with murder , was fired from the north charleston police department .
since tony pulis took charge at west brom , pocognoli has found game time hard to come by and midfielder chris brunt ahead of him .     the left back ca n't understand why he does n't get picked to play .     pocognoli was a regular under alan irvine before he was sacked .     click here for all the latest west brom news .
schweinsteiger will miss dfb-pokal tie with bayer leverkusen .     germany captain suffered ankle injury in 1-0 win over borussia dortmund .     bayern confirmed the injury was n't serious but he did n't train on monday .     reserve goalkeeper tom starke ruled out for four weeks .     arjen robben and franck ribery are also on the bayern injury list .
police officers have shut down an enormous 1000 rave in sydney 's east .     they were called to abandoned industrial area in botany on saturday night .     police were forced to use capsicum spray on the group after back up came .     one officer had glass removed from his head after the crowd threw bottles .     a woman was arrested and is being questioned after assaulting an officer .
merger between two largest cable companies have given the new firm control of 57percent of broadband internet market and 30percent of paid tv .     ` today we move on , ' says comcast ceo brian roberts .     comcast has 30million subscribers and time warner cable boasts 11million ; new company would have spun off or sold 3.9 million .     fcc staffers recommended the merger be sent to a judge for review - a significant regulatory hurdle .     regulators questioned whether merger was in the public interest .
iraqi source said he was wounded after his three-car convoy was attacked .     air strike is thought to have taken place on march 18 near syrian border .     he is slowly recovering but reportedly does not have reins of the group .
she hosted a controversial discussion on the disappearance of people .     she knew what she was doing was dangerous and had received death threats before .     mahmud loved books , jimi hendrix and discussions about human rights .
mark wahlberg is planning to appear in `` patriots ' day ''     the film will be about events surrounding the 2013 boston marathon bombing .     another film , `` boston strong , '' is also in the works .
fatu kekula , 23 , saved most of her family from ebola .     thanks to donors , she is being trained at emory university .     kekula was one year away from finishing a nursing degree when ebola struck .
ronnie lungu successfully sued wiltshire police for race discrimination .     acting sergeant was turned down for permanent role despite exam pass .     tribunal rules he was singled out as ` marked man ' due to his ethnicity .     chief constable says he is ` concerned ' and ` lessons will be learned '
woman emerged from restaurant where she was held hostage for 7.5 hours .     police were called to melbourne 's riverside quay after 10pm on sunday .     a ` disgruntled ' former employee entered the storeroom armed with a knife .     the 35-year-old man has been arrested but had yet to be charged .
demolition of beautiful beaux arts pennsylvania station in 1963 led to landmarks preservation commission .     there are now more than 33,000 properties with landmark status , mostly in historic districts throughout new york .     exhibition shows the architectural losses that occurred before the law and the buildings that have been preserved .
jamie robbins raided a select 'n' save shop in birmingham last january .     case was not solved until he walked into a police station and confessed .     35-year-old was sentenced to four-and-a-half years on thursday .
rory mcilroy is favourite to win the 79th masters at augusta national .     bubba watson is the defending champion and chasing a third masters win .     tiger woods returns to action but has no form and worries over his game .     jason day and other big-hitters look set for strong week at masters 2015 .     course guide : mcilroy and more stars take you round augusta national .     click here for the masters 2015 leaderboard .
fed up local slams ` tragics ' taking up carparks in wealthy sydney suburb .     ` if you ca n't afford to park ... do n't come here ' letter left on windscreen reads .     other locals shocked that someone in their community would leave note .     ` we were horrified such a nimby culture existed in cammeray ' they said .
spacex founder elon musk : `` rocket landed on droneship , but too hard for survival ''     this was the second attempt at historic rocket booster barge landing .     dragon spacecraft will head toward international space station on resupply mission .
middlesbrough 's ben gibson is nephew of club chairman steve .     as a teenager he used to play as middlesbrough on football manager .     the teesiders have spent six consecutive seasons outside of top flight .     lifelong boro fan gibson believes the squad has what it takes to secure a return to the big time .
jonas gutierrez will not be offered a new deal by newcastle in the summer .     the midfielder was dropped from squad for sunday 's match against spurs .     the argentine was axed following a heated argument with john carver .
29-year-old pankaj saw feel to his death from a macquarie park balcony .     he was on the phone to his wife and had only been in australia for two weeks .     mr panjak died at the scene from serious head and internal injuries .     a housing expert has said it was an accident waiting to happen .
strangers watch amanda oleander , 25 , from la , all day long .     she 's the star of periscope , twitter 's new live broadcasting mobile app .     it streams live video and users can chat and message in real time .     she 's already more popular than celebrities including ellen degeneres .
` we need to send very clear leadership from the white house ... ' christie said . ` and the states should not be permitted to sell it and profit from it '     rubio said : ' i think we need to enforce our federal laws '     ' i do n't believe we should be in the business of legalizing additional intoxicants in this country , ' he added - it sends a bad message to youth .     he also defended his framing of hillary clinton as past her prime and said he was knocking her ` ideas , ' not her age .
san francisco property to be auctioned at $ 2.5 m starting price .     it was made available on april 4 after police evicted a hoarder and removed her mother 's mummified corpse , which was at least five years old .     body is believed to be that of anna ragin , who lived with daughter carolyn .     police said house was full of black widows , rats , feces , bottles of urine .     authorities struggled to open the door of the home because of the debris .     carolyn is being mentally assessed .
single lady leaves legacy of labels including chanel , gucci and prada .     bid on designs worn by kate middleton and satc 's carrie and samantha .     house & son auctioneers in bournemouth to sell the 173 designer lots .     worth from # 300 to thousands , the no-reserve lots could go for a bargain .
pictures show french second foreign parachute regiment dropping down .     taken on airborne operation at the salvador pass on libya-niger border .     french troops in the desert region battling jihadist fighters and smugglers .
italian photographer giovanna griffo , 42 , shares her talents with images of the northern lights and other locations .     the teacher of photography and post-production teaches courses all over italy and recently visited iceland .     she reveals some tips on the best way to capture the northern lights and night skies in all their glory .
stuart dallas , 23 , was playing for crusaders just three years ago .     after a tough start to life at brentford , he was loaned out to northampton .     since returning to brentford , he has become a star in promotion push .
dwelling values rose by 5.8 per cent in sydney over the last quarter , the strongest increase since april 2009 .     the increase has brought the median house price to $ 690,000 in the harbour city .     sydney 's strong performance led the national dwelling value to heighten by 3 per cent .     canberra performed second best with a 4.1 per cent increase followed by melbourne at 3.5 per cent and $ 518,000 .
chelsea boss jose mourinho has spoken in defence of manuel pellegrini .     the under-fire manchester city manager has overseen a poor run of form .     pellegrini won the league title in his first season but is struggling now .     mourinho believes that some criticism towards pellegrini is overblown .
charlie adam stunned the premier league with a goal from his own half .     stoke midfielder struck the equaliser in a 2-1 defeat at chelsea .     david beckham and xabi alonso have also hit famous wonder-strikes .
guardian kay-ann morris is on trial for murdering her niece shanay , 7 .     paramedics found shanay lying cold and stiff in bed at nottingham home .     morris and mother , juanila smikle , claim she had fallen down the stairs .     paramedics later found 50 bruises on girl 's face , torso , arms and legs .     prosecution say death was due to ` sustained , vicious and brutal beating '
images show oscar hübinette skiing on the tolbachik volcano on the kamchatka peninsula in russia .     lava bubbles from the active volcano as oscar skis past .     photographer fredrik schenholm tried for five years to take these spectacular images .     lava flowed 100 metres from their tent during the shoot .
ridley stays in the afc east after signing a one-year deal with the jets .     the running back joins a revamped offense including fellow free agency acquisitions brandon marshall and ryan fitzpatrick .     he had a career-high year in 2012 but played just six games last season after a tear to his right acl .
an australian bat has found an unlikely cure for his arthritis in a cup of tea .     the 22-year-old bat picked up the taste while drinking from his owner 's cup .     the rest of the 25 bats in the aviary have acquired a taste for the tea too .     while it may look like regular tea it is his own purpose-made tea .
random darknet shopper is a computer bot that randomly purchases an item every week from a hidden part of the internet called the dark net .     swiss police seized bot after it purchased 10 ecstasy tablets from germany .     it was later released ` without charge ' according to the artists behind the bot .     they designed it as part of an art exhibition to display items bought by the robot over the dark net including trainers , a passport scan and cigarettes .
tate ricks was reportedly fishing with his grandmother 's boyfriend in florida when boat was hit by wake in st johns river on saturday .     the unidentified man tried to rescue the boy but was unable to , police said .     the man made it to shore but ricks did not following the incident .     incident is being investigated as boating accident ; no foul play suspected .
anthony bourdain teaches anderson cooper a korean recipe .     budae-jiigae is a stew made with all sorts of canned meat , including spam .
ss city of cairo sunk by u-boat en route from bombay to england in 1942 .     100 tons of rupees belonging to the uk treasury thought to be lost forever .     finally tracked down by british-led team using powerful sonar and robotics .     recovered from a depth of 17,000 ft -- some 4,500 ft deeper than the titanic .
tony hunt , from normanton in derby , is demanding an apology from police .     cat was run down by a patrol car then dumped in the boot , neighbours say .     ginger tom had micro-chip , so officers could have easily contacted family .     derbyshire police said they are trying to identify the officers involved .
authorities believe the two shootings are connected .     a suspect leads police on a wild chase , firing at multiple locations .     a census bureau guard is in critical condition , a fire official says .
the queen is celebrating her 89th birthday today at home at windsor .     she is spending the day privately with prince philip and her family .     her majesty is enjoying renewed popularity , especially on social media .     a snap of the queen photo-bombing a hockey player went viral last year .     she is set to welcome her fifth great-grandchild within days .
jack grealish was excellent in fa cup semi final victory .     tim sherwood praises his young star , who outshone liverpool midfield .     grealish was wearing children 's shin-pads during the wembley fixture .
videos of the week include drone footage of oklahoma city .     nasa has a car that drives sideways -- and a spacecraft headed for pluto .
jurors are scheduled to begin deliberations tuesday morning .     if tsarnaev is found guilty of at least one capital count , the trial will go to the penalty phase .     prosecutor during closing argument : tsarnaev `` wanted to awake the mujahideen , the holy warriors ''
terrifying dashcam footage has emerged of cars caught in an inferno .     the clip was taken by the driver of a car in eastern siberia .     at one point a jeep races past with the back of its roof ablaze .     wildfires in siberia have been raging since march 19 , leaving 30 dead .
jared quirk , 18 , collapsed while walking through athens with classmates .     died in greek hospital on friday on third day of foreign school trip .     he is the third senior from rockland high school , massachusetts , to die since october .
the tv star was spotted at the martinhal beach resort in portugal .     five-star luxury hotels and villas are family-friendly and offer a baby concierge .     is one of the best resorts in the algarve and is situated a stone 's throw from the beach .
cass high school head basketball coach greg scott , 51 , lost his short battle with leukemia wednesday .     family were initially told scott 's blood cancer was treatable , but the disease proved to be fast-moving .     the teacher and coach is survived by his wife , two children and a young grandchild .
musician sam smith , 22 , has lost three stone over the last year .     british singer has followed amelia freer 's advice and slimmed down .     now a fashion icon , he 's sharing his daily clothes diary with vogue .
colombia striker spotted out and about in manchester on thursday .     radamel falcao scored three times in two games for his country .     falcao has not found his best form , but wants to stay at old trafford .
lib dems want only ultra low emission vehicles and electric cars from 2040 .     clegg says he wanted to tackle ` dangerous levels of air pollution ' in cities .     launches # 100million ` prize ' for firms who build first ultra low emission car .
bombing of targets in central sanaa smashes residents ' windows and doors .     hundreds killed in less than two weeks ; humanitarian situation desperate , agencies say .
hayley adams , 29 , admitted stealing # 65 from william tanner 's bedroom .     mother to mr tanner 's great-grandchildren was caught on cctv device .     mr tanner says he felt ` violated ' and ` ca n't trust anybody ' after the theft .     adams escaped with community order , restraining order and # 175 fine .
labour rival alerted colleagues after spotting councillor tucking into roast .     it is not the first time jonny bucknell , 58 , has demonstrated odd behaviour .     in 2013 he slept in his car to make a point while attending tory conference .     mr bucknell said he will campaign for rule change about eating at meetings .
nsw ses warns scammers are phoning people claiming to fundraise .     the state emergency service say they never call and ask for money .     people have responded with disgust at the heartless .     con artists are taking advantage of people 's goodwill as nsw is facing severe weather conditions .     nsw ses have received more than 6500 requests for help since monday .
tell-all interview with the reality tv star , 69 , will air on friday april 24 .     it comes amid continuing speculation about his transition to a woman and following his involvement in a deadly car crash in february .     the interview will also be one of diane sawyer 's first appearances on television following the sudden death of her husband last year .
obama 's record is lowest since truman left office in 1953 having hosted six .     state department pays cost of each event , which averages around $ 500,000 .     obama concerned about expense during worst economic slide since 1930s .
atlanta hawks beat brooklyn nets 131-99 on saturday night .     win was 57th of the season for eastern conference leaders .     hawks ' paul millsap suffers a shoulder injury in first half .     boston celtics beat toronto raptors in overtime to boost play-off hopes .     west leaders golden state warriors see off dallas mavericks 123-110 .
her body was discovered by hotel staff face down in bath .     believed charmain adusah had been dead for four days when found .     self-proclaimed prophet accused of leaving hotel in a hurry .     she was pregnant and had son , eight , from previous marriage .
manning tweeted out thanks to her supporters - including rage against the machine frontman tom morello .     she is dictating the tweets over the phone to friends .
chelsea captain celebrates wildly at the final whistle after superb display .     arsenal defend well but unable to break down jose mourinho 's side .     mesut ozil the gunners ' best player , but could n't unlock chelsea .
presley first wore suit in public on march 28 , 1957 , during a performance .     will be on display at the o2 from sunday alongside other artefacts .
after beating tommy burns in 1908 , jack johnson became the first ever black world heavyweight champion .     he held the belt for six years and sunday will mark the 100 year anniversary of his last title defence .     during a particularly racist period of american history , johnson 's title reign was met with many protests .     johnson was eventually defeated by jess willard in 1915 , following 26 brutal rounds in the sweltering heat of cuba .
naomi jacobs woke up one morning believing she was 15 years old .     she was in fact a 32-year-old mother of one running her own business .     miss jacobs had been struck by what is called transient global amnesia .     the condition had wiped away the past 17 years of her memory overnight .     she admits succumbing to ` total shock ' when her son called her ` mum '
researchers say the cerebral cortex of rats is ` like a mini-internet '     team planning to look at human brain in the same way .
mats hummels has two years left on deal but is considering his future .     manchester united reportedly ready to pay # 30million to sign defender .     hummels missed dortmund 's 3-2 win over hoffenheim on tuesday .     franz beckenbauer : hummels is the perfect age to join manchester united .     click here to watch highlights of dortmund 's win over hoffenheim .
tiger woods : ` have fun , enjoy it , and do n't win . no matter what '     woods made it a family outing with girlfriend lindsey vonn at his side , and his children , charlie and sam , caddying for him .     woods played in the par-3 contest for the first time since 2004 .     click here for all the latest from the masters 2015 .
a new tsa report advises against full screening of airport workers .     the report says such measures would not lower the overall risk to the public .
abdirahman sheik mohamud , 23 , is charged with supporting terrorism and making false statements by federal prosecutors .     classmates expressed shock , remembering him as a normal and likable high school student who was not deeply religious .     mohamud , 23 , a naturalized american , had been instructed by a muslim cleric to return to the united states and carry out an act of terrorism .
daniel andersson , helsinborg 's 42-year-old kit man , kept a clean sheet .     the emergency stopper played in season opener against kalmar .     henrik larsson 's first-choice goalkeepers were both out injured .     the former goalkeeper earned one cap for sweden back in 2001 .
spacex made its third attempt to land a booster on a barge yesterday .     but the booster tipped over after hitting its target and was destroyed .     falcon 9 is on its way to the iss with supplies and will arrive friday .     cargo includes first espresso machine designed for use in space .
london mayor receives kiss from a female fan and is left with lipstick mark .     mr johnson urged voters to block farage in key seat of south thanet .     in ramsgate visit he boasted that the polls were turning in tories ' favour .     said he ` profoundly and passionately ' hopes to stop farage from winning .
body of andrew getty found in a bathroom at his # 2.6 m villa on tuesday .     family history epitomises saying that money does n't bring you happiness .     gettys have died from overdoses , one never recovered from a kidnapping .     other members of the family were embroiled in lawsuits and divorces .
lewis hamilton will start on pole in china .     pushed teammate rosberg into second on the last lap .     rosberg refused to shake hamilton 's hand afterward .
samantha giufre , 19 , endured the horrific attack last september .     was dragged behind a car and left in a gutter in casula , south-west sydney .     ms giufre spent months in hospital and now has permanent injuries .     has lost vision in one eye , hearing in one ear , and smell in one nostril .     one man has been charged over the violent incident .     police are still searching for others believed to be involved .
kfc and mcdonald 's require job applicants to fill out a detailed quiz .     questions ask ` describe your interest in food ' and ask if candidates agree that ` it 's okay for an employee to take a little food if they are underpaid '     others describe scenarios and offer multiple choice responses .     the tests are designed to rank workers by their values and work ethics .
prince andrew has changed the fate of 100 vulnerable women in calcutta .     they were rescued from brothels , child labour and trafficking by charity .     key to freedom was launched by the duke after a trip to india in 2012 .     he recently denied allegations he had slept with a sex slave in america .     the accusations , made by virginia roberts , have been struck from court records .
the five-year-old pooch was filmed at home in pennsylvania as he struggled to keep his eyes open while sitting on the couch .     adding to the comedy , some smooth jazz was dubbed over the final video edit .
nico rosberg and lewis hamilton were 15th and 16th in fp1 .     they came to the fore in fp1 , finishing first and second respectively .     hamilton was faster than rosberg in sectors one and two , but a lock-up in sector three cost him four tenths of a second .     sebastian vettel had problems throughout the day , and his car was clipped by sergio perez in fp2 , ripping off his front-wing endplate on the left side .
jeff powell looks ahead to saturday 's fight at the mgm grand .     floyd mayweather takes on manny pacquiao in $ 300m showdown .     both fighters arrived in las vegas on tuesday with public appearances .     read : mayweather makes official arrival ahead of manny pacquiao fight .     al haymon : the man behind mayweather who is revolutionising boxing .     mayweather vs pacquiao takes centre stage ... but who 's on the undercard ?
charlotte crosby was criticised for her slim frame on social media .     the star has lost more than two and a half stone in the past year .     her geordie shore cast mates have also shed the pounds .     a doctor warns that they could be taking their diets too far .
new jersey school teacher cheryl meyer , 45 , told the governor his famous attitude wo n't be appreciated nationwide .     the likely 2016 candidate , who was holding a town hall meeting , responded calmly and said ` i 'm trying to get better every day '
there are now 120 confirmed hiv cases and 10 preliminary positive cases tied to scott county , about 30 miles north of louisville , kentucky .     outbreak has occurred among intravenous drug users and primarily involves the use of the high-powered prescription painkiller opana .     health officials who declared an epidemic last month have said they expect the number of cases to rise as more people are tested .     gov. mike pence approved a short-term needle exchange program two weeks ago to help combat the problem .
adam mcburney 's home targeted by gunman who fired through windows .     young irish rugby star was not at county antrim property during attack .     at least 12 bullet holes counted at scene of home he shares with brother .     mcburney deemed bright prospect for irish rugby and plays for under-20s .
the ipad was engraved with `` his holiness francisco '' and `` vatican internet service , march 2013 ''     a harley-davidson the pope donated to charity sold for $ 284,000 last year .
harrison poe was announced as best supporting actor at the annual tommy tune awards on tuesday in houston , texas .     but the high school student had a little difficulty navigating the stage .     tv cameras caught him confidently getting up to accept the accolade before slipping and falling headfirst into the darkness .     however , the young bow tie-wearing actor went on to make a swift recovery and bounced back to the podium .
german photographer dieter klein travelled the world to find vintage cars left to crumble in leafy forests and fields .     came across range of graveyards hosting all sorts of vehicles , including jaguar xk120 worth # 82,000 if restored .     dieter , 57 , from cologne , first came across a citroen truck dumped in a bush six years ago and became hooked .
look at the hybrid image at a normal viewing distance from the screen .     if the image of einstein does n't appear , it may mean you have bad vision .     illusion shows how we focus on different features depending on distance .
new orleans bars are smoke-free as of wednesday morning .     a lawsuit by harrah 's and bar owners seeks to overturn the ban .
muslims will increase at more than double the rate of world 's population .     largest proportion of muslims likely to be in india , data showed .     research was completed by the pew research center in america .
dave roberts , 50 , bungee jumped from transporter bridge over river tees .     his great-great-uncle daniel mcallister jumped to his death at same spot .     mr mcallister jumped off bridge in drunken bet for sixpence 100 years ago .     mayoral candidate mr roberts successfully completed the jump for charity .
emma hannigan was diagnosed with the faulty brca1 gene in 2005 .     a year later she had her breasts and ovaries removed to prevent cancer .     but in 2007 , despite the surgery , she was diagnosed with breast cancer .     since then she has battled the disease nine times - four times in one year .
a logic question about `` cheryl 's birthday '' goes viral .     the clues give just enough information to eliminate most possibilities .     it spread after a singapore television host posted it to facebook .
study found 60 % of prawns tested had traces of harmful bacteria .     included e.coli , antibiotic resistant mrsa , salmonella and vibrio .     warned farmed prawns are more likely to trigger violent food poisoning .     majority of supermarket prawns from indian , thai and indonesian farms .
chris ramsey wants three wins from qpr 's final five league games .     ramsey believes nine points will secure their premier league status .     the qpr boss want his team to step up a level defensively .
queen of spain , 42 , attended conference at science museum , cosmocaixa .     she delivered speech at opening of 2nd congress of uncommon diseases .     wore silk blouse , nude heels and accessorised with woven clutch .
doug hughes landed a gyrocopter on the u.s. capitol lawn on wednesday .     charged with crossing no-fly zone , he is under house arrest until court date .     his wife alena hughes has not been charged , says her husband is a patriot .     but when asked if he was a patriot , hughes said ` no i 'm a mailman '     he spent two years planning stunt to protest campaign finance laws .
thousands of the jellyfish-like creatures , known as velella velella , are covering beaches across oregon , california and washington .     the creatures have small sails on their bodies , which means they are easily blown towards the shore during strong winds this time of year .     they are not harmful to humans but will begin to smell as they rot .
south korean investigators say they have proof that north korea is launching cyberattacks .     reports say the north is investing heavily in digital warfare .     december attack on banks in south korea caused about $ 820 million worth of damage , a report says .
usa face italy in a fed cup world play off in brindisi .     world no 1 serena williams defeated camila giorgi 7-5 , 6-2 .     lauren davies will play sara errani in the second singles match .
wembley hosted two fa cup semi-finals over the weekend .     arsenal defeated championship reading 2-1 after extra-time to reach final .     fabian delph and christian benteke scored as aston villa beat liverpool .
george gittoes was awarded the sydney peace prize on saturday .     it was in recognition of his 45 years chronicling conflicts around the world .     the australian artist did this through painting , photography and film .     the 65-year-old will receive the prize at a november ceremony in sydney .     gittoes says he does n't consider himself in the same league as previous winners such as desmond tutu and noam chomsky .
adam leheup ran fitness 535 in columbia , south carolina and was a devoted youth ministry teacher and worked as a property manager .     her husband benji was just minutes behind when she collapsed and was rushed to a hospital , where she died for reasons that remain unclear .     glover was an avid fitness fan who , only just a month ago had run the myrtle beach marathon .
australian marc leishman , who got so close to victory in 2013 , had to withdraw to be with his sick wife .     masters chairman billy payne talked a lot about growing the game but he ruled out any idea of starting a women 's masters .     arnold palmer , clad in his green jacket , was snapped under the oak tree in front of the clubhouse alongside niall horan .     jack nicklaus showed he 's still got it at the age of 75 with a hole-in-one in the par-3 , but he could n't match camilo villegas who recorded two .
temperatures reached 20.5 c in scotland today , while highs of 17c were seen across the south west and wales .     best of sunshine was in scotland and northumberland , while norfolk , suffolk , essex and kent remained cloudy .     today 's warm weather is the start of week-long spell of sunshine , which could culminate with 21c high on friday .     tourist , in her 20s , had to be rescued in cambridge after toppling into the water while punting with three friends .
amsterdam falafel shop , washington dc , us , launched .     five falafels are paired with different strains of marijuana .     combos include creamy falafel to be eaten after smoking calming strain .
bob mcdonnell used his office to benefit a nutritional supplement company whose president lavished gifts on him and his wife .     his lawyers argue that he never performed any ` official acts ' for star scientific , a company that sought support for his ` anatabloc ' supplement .     mcdonnell was sentenced to two years in prison and his wife got one year and one day ; they 're both free pending appeals .     three-judge federal court panel will hear the former governor 's appeal on may 12 .
the soviets invaded poland in world war ii and deported hundreds of thousands of people .     tomasz lazar photographed some of these poles and listened to their stories .
joseph kent 's attorney says his client was released from jail .     police in baltimore detained kent on live tv after start of curfew .     that triggered a wave of interest on social media .
princess elizabeth and margaret joined the crowds celebrating in london .     queen 's cousin margaret rhodes was with the young royals celebrating .     she says the queen remembers the night with ` great happiness '     adventure has been recreated in new film a right royal night out .
cuba pulled off a diplomatic coup by gaining attendance at summit of the americas .     first time since 1962 , the u.s. has not blocked cuba 's attempt to join .     cuba is trying to re-establish itself at the two-day summit in panama .
madison crotty , from san diego in california , is seen screaming and crying .     video posted online by her father buddy shows how he gets her to sleep .     he copies the scuba tank breathing made famous by villain darth vader .
massey shaw was requisitioned from the london fire brigade and helped rescue 600 troops from dunkirk in 1940 .     the vessel went on to save st paul 's cathedral during the blitz before being commissioned in 1971 .     but the fire boat has been renovated and restored to its former glory by a group of volunteers thanks to lottery grant .     they are now seeking another # 10,000 so they can transport the massey shaw back to dunkirk 70 years later .
a bathing box sold in brighton , melbourne , for a record $ 276,000 .     a sydney garage was snapped up to be turned into a home for $ 1.2 million .     an old maximum security prison in victoria is on the market for $ 2 million .     and australia 's priciest parking space at $ 330,000 suggests even your car ca n't find a cheap home in the current property boom .
daniel sturridge has dance-off with kop kids presenter paisley .     liverpool striker shows off new dance move called ` feed the ducks '     25-year-old reveals his passion for music and dancing .     read : sturridge fitness our main concern says liverpool boss rodgers .     read : sturridge heads back to the us to see specialist .
manchester united looking to tie up a deal for memphis depay .     the dutchman has been in scintillating form for psv this season .     depay met with united on wednesday but phillip cocu was unaware .     cocu did , however , concede the premier league is ` great '     click here for all you need to know about depay .
britons spend an average of # 62 a week on treats , a new study claims .     rewards range from bar of chocolate to glass of wine to pair of shoes .
two mothers held the children 's heads above water amid the rising tides .     aged 18 months , three , six and eight , they were trapped on a sandbank .     but onlookers ignored their cries for help and instead filmed the drama .     it comes days after boat race spectators were rescued from the thames .
nicole p. eramo was ` deeply damaged ' by the article , she says , which portrayed her as the as ` the personification of a heartless administration '     eramo said in an open letter wednesday to publisher jann s. wenner that the magazine has not done enough to make amends .
police say an inebriated sergio barrientos-hinojosa had his 13-year-old son take him to buy beer at the gas station .     once there , he got into an argument and started shooting at another customer , according to authorities .     investigators say the father ordered his son to drive away while he fired his gun in the air .     police pulled over the car near the gas station .
ed royce : best predictor of iran 's future behavior is its past behavior .     new framework keeps iran 's nuclear door well and truly open , he says .
candlestick park , which has been home to the san francisco giants and san francisco 49ers , has been torn down .     it opened in 1960 , and the last game was played there in december 2013 by the 49ers .     the area is now set to become houses , a hotel and a shopping center .     it is where the beatles played their last concert in 1966 .     sir paul mccartney played the last concert at candlestick park on august 14 , 2014 .
photographer yener torun sought to show a new side to istanbul , with the modern colourful buildings .     minimalistic pictures with the traditional ornate buildings , mosques and palaces .     the photographer has gained a large following for his vibrant pictures on instagram .
the exotic driving experience park lets racing fans drive top-end cars .     gary terry , 36 , died in the crash and was on the passengers side .     tavon watson , 24 , was driving and was taken to hospital for treatment .     day at the racetrack was a gift from watson 's wife for his birthday .     disney world spokesman said driver ` lost control ' of the lamborghini .
response across social media led to multiple trending topics for hillary clinton 's presidential announcement .     some responded to her video and her new campaign logo .
asabi barner , 37 , of south carolina got a tattoo at black ink tattoo parlor while visiting new york city .     the parlor in harlem specializes in tattooing dark skin and the shop 's owner and artist have their own reality show called black ink crew on vh1 .     barner went to the shop last year to get a new chest piece to cover up an older chest tattoo .     after the first day , barner says the new tattoo started to puss and continues to be painful to this day .     she is currently in the process for suing the tattoo parlor .
motorist ravi beefnah claims his # 35,000 audi a5 uses far too much oil .     he covered his car in slogans and parked it outside a dealership in essex .     car has been there for two months and he claims audi will not fix problem .     manufacturer say they have offered to fix mr beefnah 's car free of charge .
manchester city entertain west ham in the premier league on sunday .     frank lampard took part in city training on wednesday ahead of encounter .     lampard has scored seven goals in 32 appearances for city this season .
alan roberts wrote to bournemouth borough council about fly-tipping .     65-year-old signed off his email with : ` that 's why i 'll be voting ukip '     councillor ben grower responded and said he would delete further emails .
john knott shot wife anne dead and then himself at herefordshire cottage .     he cared for wife , who had alzheimer 's disease that was getting worse .     couple are believed to have ` made a pact ' to die together after mr knott took his wife out of a care home because she ` hated ' her four days there .     mr knott had also been fighting plans to build gypsy camp near their home .
celtic face inverness in sunday 's scottish cup semi-final at hampden park .     ronny deila 's side are on course for a treble-winning season this year .     scottish league cup winners are eight points clear in scottish premiership .     deila said celtic themselves provide the biggest hurdle to treble hopes .
someone called 911 to report woman was driving erratically in a black suv .     she failed to yield to officers and wove in and out of traffic lanes , according to california highway patrol .     officers left cars when she stopped at traffic lights , but she kept on driving .     chase ended almost an hour later after one officer lightly tapped her rear bumper to send car into a spin - a pursuit intervention technique .
disused rhondda tunnel closed 50 years ago as part of sweeping closures .     engineers due to visit 3,148 m tunnel next week for first time since it closed .     cyclists could retrace steam locomotives ' route from rhondda to swansea .     it would be world 's second longest cycle tunnel , after 4,000 m snoqualmie tunnel near seattle , u.s .
prince william has announced he 'll be taking six weeks of paternity leave .     he 'll be staying with kate and the new baby at anmer hall in norfolk .     but quentin letts , father of three , says the prince must be mad !
` my son seth , signed the petition asking me , dad , the governor , to veto this bill , ' republican gov. asa hutchinson said wednesday .     seth told daily mail online that ' i love and respect my father very much , but sometimes we have political disagreements '     he 's sending the ` religious freedom restoration act ' back to the state legislature because it strays too far from the federal law that inspired it .     hutchinson does n't risk a veto-override from lawmakers since he has n't technically vetoed the bill .     ` this is a bill that in ordinary times would not be controversial , but these are not ordinary times , ' he said .
marc wabafiyebazu , 15 , has been arrested for felony murder and his brother jean , 17 , was shot dead on monday .     this after an incident in which the two reportedly tried to rob a group of miami drug dealers .     their mother is roxanne dubé , the recently appointed canadian consul general in miami .     the boys had driven to a house with a third friend to reportedly purchase two pounds of marijuana for $ 5,000 .     gunfire erupted soon after they entered , though marc was in the car at the time .     another man , joshua wright , was killed , and anthony rodriguez , who was wounded , was also arrested on charges of felony murder .
carol costello : talk to any millennial and you can envision an america virtually marriage-free .     in countries like sweden or denmark , people do n't feel pressured to marry even if they have kids together .
children star in new video from oprah winfrey 's own tv network .     the youngsters explain how it feels to get angry and lose control .     they then explain how mindfulness techniques help them calm down .
homeowner in florida filmed as nine foot bull shark swam behind condo .     residents say fishermen throwing bait into water is attracting the animals .     bull sharks are considered among the most likely species to attack people .
daniel sturridge appeared in a promotional video for bt sport .     he was joined by comedian darren farley , who impersonated michael owen .     farley 's impression of the former reds striker left sturridge giggling .     liverpool take on aston villa in the fa cup semi-final on sunday .
the icc confirm mustafa kamal 's departure as president .     kamal unhappy with umpires after india beat bangladesh at the world cup .     there will be no immediate replacement for kamal .
fort hood shootings in 2009 were initially classed as ` workplace violence '     authorities later acknowledged that the attack was an act of terrorism .     but victim staff sergeant shawn manning says he is being denied benefits .     says military rejected claims his injuries were sustained in the line of duty .
vijaya gadde said social network had let internet abuse go ` unchecked '     she claims it is because scope and scale of problem was not recognised .     twitter has tripled the size of team that deals with online abuse , she said .     anti-bullying campaigners long complained twitter is sanctuary for trolls .
experts warn ed miliband 's changes for non-doms would cost millions .     the labour leader initially suggested he would abolish non-dom status .     but it later emerged he is effectively only proposing a time limit on it .     it allows those with foreign links to be taxed only on money entering britain .
massacre of 1.5 million ethnic armenians under the ottoman empire is widely acknowledged by scholars as a genocide .     turkish government officially denies it saying hundreds of thousands of turkish muslims and armenian christians died in intercommunal violence .
tracey neville is phil neville 's twin and sister to gary neville .     she will manage england at the netball world cup in australia this summer .     tracey believes her personality is a mixture of her brothers '     she would love to pick the brains of man united legend sir alex ferguson .
the glasford school in illinois hosted one of several simulations put on by the american red cross to educate students on drunk driving dangers .     the staged event on thursday used student actors playing accident victims and used real rescue personnel responding to the scene .     in a graphic staged performance on wednesday at massapequa high school in long island there was a similar simulation .
kira hollis , 27 , weighed just 6st and was deemed clinically underweight .     she was diagnosed with borderline personality disorder three years ago .     doctors ordered ms hollis , from tamworth , to start going to the gym .     she reveals bodybuilding gave her confidence to overcome depression .
shahnawaz , 40 , was beaten to death by five thugs because his bike - stuck in traffic - was blocking their way .     his sons , aged nine and 13 , begged bystanders and nearby police for help , but were told to ` call 100 '     victim was rushed to nearby lok nayak jaiprakash hospital but died en route .     a day later , 200 protesters blocked central delhi to demand immediate arrest of the attackers .
the noose , made of rope , was discovered on campus about 2 a.m.     hundreds of people gathered wednesday afternoon to show solidarity against racism .     duke official says to unknown perpetrator : you wanted to create fear but the opposite will happen .
uno the kitten was filmed this month meeting louie , an adult dalmatian .     clip shows inquisitive youngster making big friend in spokane , washington .     uno is tentative at first , but ends up nuzzling affectionately with louie .
tom daley won bronze in the men 's 10m platform at the 2012 olympics .     firework dive is a forward three-and-a-half somersaults with one twist pike .     daley won silver with the plunge at the world diving series last month .     daley 's main aim this year is to win gold at the world championships .
there are few similarities between democrats martin o'malley and jim webb .     but they find themselves in a similar position as long-shot presidential hopefuls .
an unknown internet source has recreated the ad with curvy alternatives .     dove has denied being responsible for the poster , which carries their logo .     the image is currently circulating on social media spoofing the original .     plus-sized fashion label simply be also created its own poster .
ap mccoy could have ridden cause of causes in the grand national on saturday .     champion jockey ultimately chose shutthefrontdoor for big race at aintree .     royale knight is worth an each-way punt at more speculative odds .
the women were traveling near savannah in two vehicles mangled by the when a tractor-trailer plowed into an suv , then rolled over a small car .     killed were emily clark , morgan bass , abbie deloach , catherine pittman and caitlyn baggett - all juniors at georgia southern university .     the georgia state patrol said three people also were injured and seven vehicles were damaged .
apple sold more than 61 million iphones in the quarter .     apple did n't report any results for the new apple watch .     believed around 2 million watches have been sold , according to estimates .
floyd mayweather ` loves his snacks ' according to ` chef q '     the boxer keeps his training camp stocked with sweets for ` snack day '     chef reveals mayweather 's favourite snack is twizzlers as she spends over # 200 on the champion 's sweet-tooth .     mayweather fights manny pacquiao in much-anticipated fight on may 2 .
boris majnaric , 75 , of south jordan , built the 384-sq-ft , four-room bird house in 1996 and went on to rear more than 200 birds .     local laws stipulate that residents must not keep more than 40 birds .     majnaric fought a four-year battle with the city council to keep his flock .     however , he finally lost the case and last tuesday the aviary was destroyed .
clinton was at kristin 's bakery in keene , nh in advance of a small-business roundtable event .     she sat with a handful of customers and made her way to the back to greet employees .     but a cashier told daily mail online that some of the kitchen staff ` did n't want to come out to meet hillary ' because ` they just do n't like her '     clinton 's communications director said it 's helpful to recruit future hillary evangelists from among democratic activists by pre-screening them to meet hillary in small settings as cameras click .     ` if someone like that loves her , then they 'll talk to other people , and so on , and that 's going to help , ' she said .     palmieri would n't rule out the possibility that some at the bakery on monday were asked to come .
marouane fellaini has drawn plaudits for his recent performances .     the belgian 's form has dramatically improved in recent weeks .     fellaini endured a terrible start to his united career under david moyes .     wayne rooney says fellaini is one of the best in world football .
luis suarez scored twice in barcelona 's 3-1 win over psg .     suarez nutmegged david luiz on his way to scoring both goals .     the striker says the tie is not over despite barca 's two-goal advantage .
the slow motion footage was captured in santa barbara , california .     scott kaiser videoed the bird sitting on a post overlooking the water .     pelican yawns exposing its beak size , tongue and inner bill anatomy .
chris smalling joins twitter just days before the manchester derby .     the 25-year-old posted a photo of himself and his girlfriend sam cooke .     smalling could return for the clash after missing the win over aston villa .     read : manchester united players train ahead of sunday 's big derby .     click here for all the latest manchester united news .
jihadis face fines , whipping or even jail time for wearing nike products .     ban is also partly due to the brand sharing its name with a greek goddess .     commanders say the name also sounds like sexual slang words in arabic .     those living under isis are already banned from wearing jeans or items of clothing carrying provocative language or swear words .
german car manufacturer used renewable energy to convert carbon dioxide and water into ` blue crude ' oil which was then refined into diesel .     the carbon dioxide can be removed from the air or from power plants .     audi claims its e-diesel is carbon neutral without adding to climate change .     tests suggest it allows cars to run quieter and produce fewer pollutants .
music streaming service spotify has analysed 2.8 million ` sleep ' playlists .     ed sheeran 's single thinking out loud is the top sleep-inducing song .     the brit singer-songwriter appears seven times on the top 20 list .
jessica mauboy and gq editor among those who had tablets stolen .     $ 899 personalised lenovo tablets were gifted to front row guests .     toni maticevski presented ss16 runway show at carriageworks in sydney .
joseph mcenroe , 36 , was found guilty of six murders last week .     slayed four adults and two children in carnation , washington , in 2007 .     was staying behind the house with girlfriend michele anderson at the time .     jury is deciding whether he is jailed for life or is condemned to death .     mumbled and giggled as he testified in a bid to avoid execution .
ukip leader posed for tradition campaign photo while out in thanet , kent .     nick clegg also stopped for pictures with mothers and their babies .     it comes after david cameron admitted he was ` broody ' for another baby .     the prime minister also posed feeding orphaned lambs on easter sunday .
japanese prime minister shinzo abe will address congress on wednesday .     mike honda : abe must commit to educating future generation honestly , humbly .
ads are the brainchild of a trio of people opening a new thai restaurant in the motor city .     as well as exposure for their new business they want to promote detroit as an alternative for new yorkers who feel it has got too expensive .
a lithuanian talk show has accused norway of seizing foreign children .     claimed they were needed to combat ` world 's highest rate of inbreeding '     an ` expert ' said fresh blood was needed to strengthen genetic material '     lithuanian gražina leščinskiene 's son was taken into care early this year .
white house planners say they 're ready to recommend spikes at the top of the mansion 's fenceposts to better protect the president .     move comes after several fence-jumpers , including one who sprinted inside the white house .     tennessee democratic rep. steve cohen asked the acting secret service director in november if 1600 pennsylvania avenue needed a six-foot moat .     that idea was actually under consideration , but later scrapped over maintenance concerns and ` having to retrieve people from it '
marissa holcomb was held up in channelview , texas , on march 31 .     robber held her at gunpoint and emptied $ 400 from the till .     she was fired a day later after refusing to pay back the money .     the store says she broke their policy by having so much cash in the till .     holcomb , five months pregnant with her fourth child , says it was busy .
philip and victoria sherlock , from warrington , forced to live in ford focus .     pay day loan costs went out of control after he had a stomach operation .     the pair left their home and lived out of the car , washing at supermarkets .     philip was handed a lifeline by local businessman who gave him a new job .
teenager was caught on cctv giving the middle finger to monkey in india .     but the monkey interprets it as a threat and launches itself at his face .     the teenager is left sprawled on his back and in shock following the attack .
exclusive : rapper was booked to play ` intimate gig ' at club in canterbury .     but he turned up three hours after advertised start time and played just two songs before leaving .     club has apologised and vowed to seek refund from the star 's management .
more than 600 million people will wager # 500 million on saturday 's race .     four out of ten britons admit to picking their horse because of the name .     seven out of ten women make their selection for the big race by pot luck .     champion jockey and 2010 winner tony mccoy will retire after the race .
ceara lynch , 28 , is paid to indulge men 's fetish fantasies , which often include elements of humiliation .     she began her career at age 17 selling used underwear online and has gone on to create web videos .     ceara now owns a minimum of $ 1 a minute for making custom videos .     she ` gets a kick out of ' her job , which includes hearing the secret fantasies of thousands of men .
a new reddit thread has garnered 18,000 submissions of terrible names .     i ` munique , boy boy and abstinence were all stand-outs .     the most popular uk baby names are currently sophia and muhammad .
thousands remain missing in nepal after a magnitude 7.8 earthquake struck .     social media has helped people overseas tracked down their loved ones in nepal .     technology has helped those stranded after the quake reach out for help .
crabbie 's grand national takes place at aintree on april 11 .     shutthefrontdoor , trained by jonjo o'neill , is the race favourite .     ap mccoy is expected to ride shutthefrontdoor at aintree .
a woman named michelle told police that the white van drove through a red light at about 2:30 p.m. on tuesday and almost hit her vehicle .     cell phone footage shows him throwing a bottle at her car .     police have identified the driver as daniel robert frank , 28 .     frank is helping police with their misdemeanor criminal mischief investigation and his attorney claims michelle threw something at his van .
twenty years ago , on april 19 , 1995 , timothy mcveigh set off a massive bomb in oklahoma city .     deborah lauter and mark pitcavage : right-wing extremism should still be taken seriously .
suspect kenneth morgan stancil claimed he killed ron lane because the college employee made sexual advances to his 16-year-old brother .     the murder suspect gave himself fascist face tattoos .     stancil also said he is a neo-nazi who is concerned about the future of white children and hates ` race-mixing '
chaos caught on camera premieres on science channel monday , april 13 .     show reveals fantastic phone footage shot by people in real-life drama .     viewers get intense experience as if they 're actually there in disaster zone .     incredible facts behind each freak catastrophe or survival are explained .
more than 2,000 perfectly preserved inscriptions were found on the walls of an underground cave in naours , france .     they were left for posterity by young men facing the horror of trench warfare a few dozen miles away at the somme .     experts believe the bored young soldiers used their spare time to visit the caves , which are well known locally .     only weeks later they were sent to the somme battlefields , where more than a million men were killed or injured .
terrorist group al-shabaab has attacked a kenyan college , killing and taking hostages .     it is a clear indicator the security situation in east africa is deteriorating , says stefan wolff .     more than military action aloe is needed to combat terrorism in the region , he says .
documents show that officers thought robert bates got special treatment .     the reserve deputy has pleaded not guilty to charge of second-degree manslaughter .     bates says meant to use his taser but shot eric harris by mistake .
carey mulligan 's grandmother suffers from alzheimer 's disease .     margaret booth has struggled to recognise her grandchild for eight years .     mulligan , 29 , has urged for greater awareness of the illness in society .
latisha fisher , 35 , allegedly locked herself in a bathroom at 5 boro burger in midtown manhattan monday afternoon with son gavriel ortiz .     when workers at the restaurant gained access to the restroom , they found the 20-month-old boy unconscious and foaming from the mouth .     fisher had previously been diagnosed as paranoid schizophrenic and was called ` poster child ' for alternative sentencing .     she was given probation for 2011 stabbing of her aunt and was found fit to stay in the community last year .     neighbors say she had recently shown signs of strange behavior .
nabil fekir and alexandre lacazette scored in lyon 's 3-1 win at guingamp .     lille got back to winning ways with a 3-1 triumph over strugglers reims .     modibo maiga 's hat-trick earned metz a 3-2 win over toulouse .     nice and evian both picked up another point in their battles for survival .     paris saint-germain face marseille in le classique on sunday night .
raheem sterling rejected contract offer of # 100,000-a-week at liverpool .     young winger gave revealing interview to the bbc on wednesday .     but what did sterling mean with some of his statements ?
the new `` star wars : episode vii -- the force awakens '' trailer is released .     a fan gathering in los angeles featured the cast and a droid .     the movie comes out december 18 .
disney has just unveiled their latest luxury resort : bora bora bungalows .     the overwater villas are located on the shore of the seven seas lagoon .     inspired by the south pacific , they 're just minutes from the magic kingdom .
douglas bader recovered from having both legs amputated to become one of britain 's greatest fighter aces .     was shot down over france in 1941 and ended up in german prison camp .     and he was involved in a mass break-out that pre-dated the break in 1944 immortalised in the great escape .     now , hollywood bosses snapped up the rights to turn military historian mark felton 's book about the escape into a blockbuster .
shinjiro kumagai is a priest at a buddhist temple in southwest japan .     he dresses as iconic japanese hero kamen rider and hunts drink drivers .     the temple sponsors his cause by funding the costume and cyclone bike .     kumagai has the support of police and is an ` official drink-drive patrolman '     kamen rider was a popular japanese superhero series airing in the 1970s .
predator seen attacking hippo calf in kruger national park , south africa .     as the hippo emerges from the water it becomes separated from its mother .     lion seizes opportunity and leaps on to animal attempting to land killer bite .     but the hippo 's mother charges on to scene forcing the big cat to retreat .
sherrell dillion starred on the hit tv series benefits street .     as an aspiring model she has landed herself a place in a top competition .     but sherrell is still struggling as she has recently been made homeless .     the mother-of-two was removed from her house due to mice .
israeli law says the prime minister must form his government in less than 42 days .     netanyahu cites government stability and reaching `` agreement on important issues '' as reasons he needs additional time .
lindsey vonn was back at augusta friday to watch boyfriend tiger woods play in the second round of the masters .     vonn looked stressed at times though woods played a solid round , carding a three-under-par 69 .     woods is still well behind the leader , hot young american star jordan spieth .     the 21-year-old broke the 36 hole record on friday and is 14-under-par for the tournament , 12 strokes ahead of woods .     spieth led after three rounds last year and finished second at the tournament .     if spieth wins he would tie the record for the youngest winner in masters history with woods .
alison saunders position as the country 's top prosecutor looks bleak .     she has faced criticism from home secretary , police chiefs and mps .     mrs saunders said her job was to make legal decisions , not popular ones .
louis jordan , 37 , was rescued thursday after being stranded 200 miles off the coast of north carolina .     refused treatment when he was taken to hospital in norfolk , virginia .     coast guard crew who rescued him said he was smiling when they arrived .     group expected him to be severely sun burnt and covered in blisters .     he refused treatment at hospital and conducted tv interviews straight away .     authorities are looking into his credit card and bank statements from during the time he says he was drifting .
`` the late show with david letterman '' concludes may 20 .     letterman 's guests will include oprah winfrey and bill murray .     stephen colbert takes over the slot september 8 .
harvey weinstein was spotted looking chipper and pleasant outside his new york city townhouse on thursday .     this exactly two weeks after model ambra battilana claims the movie executive groped her during a business meeting .     no charges have been filed against weinstein at this time and he has cooperated with authorities .     georgina chapman meanwhile has been busy working on her upcoming spring/summer 2016 bridal collection for her marchesa .     she was joined by the couple 's son dashiell in her design studio on wednesday .     the couple along with their two children all spent easter together at their connecticut home .
nolito scores opener after just nine minutes to put his side in unlikely lead .     toni kroos cancels out nolito 's strike before javier hernandez nets goal .     santi mina then makes it 2-2 with close-range finish past iker casillas .     james rodriguez puts side in lead before hernandez 's second of the night .     real madrid xi : casillas , carvajal , varane , ramos , marcelo , kroos , illarramendi , isco , rodriguez , hernandez , ronaldo .     celta vigo xi : sergio , hugo mallo , cabral , fontas , jonny , augusto , krohn-dehli , orellana , santi mina , nolito , larrivey .     cristiano ronaldo scored a hat-trick in reverse match at the bernabeu .     real progressed to semi-finals of the champions league on wednesday .
charlie sumner , 20 , invaded pitch at reading 's madejski stadium in march .     he did four front flips during fa cup clash before stewsards tackled him .     sumner , from wokingham , faces three-year ban for home and away games .     but he said he has no regrets and that his family had ` seen the funny side '
sign was erected outside university building in portugal place , cambridge .     but the message , in two classical languages , has been branded as ` elitist '     one expert has claimed that there are inaccuracies in the greek warning .
oldham have signed 16-year-old winger ronaldo brown .     brown was released by liverpool and has joined the league one club .     he is named after brazilian ronaldo and has a brother called rivaldo .     brown also has a younger sister called trezeguet .
six young minnesotans conspired to sneak into syria and join isis `` by any means necessary , '' prosecutors say .     the men , ages 19 to 21 , were arrested sunday .     they plotted for 10 months , the u.s. attorney for the district of minnesota says .
rajee narinesingh , one of the victims of ` toxic tush doctor ` oneal ron morris , stepped out showing her new face over the weekend .     rajee was recently treated by dr terry dubrow and dr paul nassif in a process that will be featured on the premiere episode of botched .     this after a 2005 procedure in which her cheeks , chin and lips were injected with cement and tire sealant .
`` x-men '' original character bobby `` iceman '' drake is revealed to be gay in latest issue .     `` all-new x-men '' no. 40 has psychic jean grey discovering drake 's sexuality .     iceman has been in marvel comics for over 50 years .
jessica ennis-hill is juggling motherhood with aiming for a gold medal .     she begins her comeback in may and targets glory at rio olympics .     ennis-hill admires katarina johnson-thompson but wants to beat her .
jean-marie le pen reignites tensions after defending view of gas chambers .     he claimed they were a ` detail of the war ' and should ` not shock anyone '     le pen 's comments likely to revive allegations far right party is anti-semitic .     daughter and current fn leader marine le pen said she ` deeply disagrees '
paul smith , 61 , is facing animal cruelty charges for allegedly tossing five , 3-week-old puppies over a chain-link fence in marshall , texas .     the man was identified after a humane society worker posted a surveillance video of the incident on facebook .     all five puppies are healthy and uninjured ; smith is being held at the harrison county jail .
alfonso thomas to coach in indian premier league this month .     veteran somerset bowler has agreed a deal with the delhi daredevils .     2015 edition of indian premier league to begin on april 8 .
zhou qunfei born in poverty in rural china and started work on shop floor .     quickly promoted before she set up her own company at age of 22 .     her company went public on march 18 and her shares worth # 4.9 billion .     patented scratch-persistent glass was inspired by rainfall on lotus leaves .
danny willett carded a one-under-par 71 in the first round at the masters .     the 27-year-old holed a curling 60-foot putt on the par-five 13th for eagle .
celebrity big brother contestant , 40 , says vessels ` need pushing back '     she asks radio listeners : ` why do we take on everyone else 's problem ? '     hundreds dead after boat overturned off libya at midnight yesterday .     miss hopkins called ` vile racist ' and ` manifestation of toxic hate culture '
thunderstorms with large hail are predicted for the midwest and the plains .     tornadoes could strike thursday night and friday .
mohammed alam , sayed juied and sadek miah raided a total of 21 homes .     surveyed homes before striking , often waiting until owners were away .     had taught themselves how to disable security systems and cctv cameras .     took ferrari , porches , art and jewels worth total of # 1million in 11 months .     were jailed at kingston crown court after admitting burglary offences .
soil underneath a slide in the park showed extremely high radiation levels .     has raised fears for the health of children in the toshima ward of tokyo .     days after traces of radiation found at prime minister shinzo abe 's office .
jordan speith poised to play in the rbc heritage classic , south carolina .     the 21-year-old won the masters in record-breaking style at the weekend .     spieth does n't want to rest on his laurels and plans to catch rory mcilroy .
raul reyes : in seeking latino vote , marco rubio his own worst enemy on two key issues : immigration reform , cuba relations .     he says on health care , climate change and other issues , he breaks from latinos ' positions . polls show they do n't favor him .
manchester united host aston villa in the premier league on saturday .     arsenal entertain liverpool at the emirates in the midday clash .     two points separate manchester city , arsenal and united in the league .
surveillance video shows a sound transit link light rail carriage going along a straight trackway in south seattle .     all of a sudden a white sedan veers left into its path .     luckily the driver survived and was taken to hospital with only minor injuries .     the incident occurred just after 11am on monday where the rail tracks intersect at 7150 martin luther king way south .
jake tapper will add the sunday show `` state of the union '' to his portfolio at cnn .     tapper also anchors `` the lead '' on weekdays .
incredible pictures show a city in china devoured by a giant sandstorm .     golmud , in the country 's north west , was yesterday blasted for half an hour .     the entire city turned red as it was covered by the brightly-coloured sand .     as residents fled the streets , the city took on a mars-type appearance .
right wrist of kim jong-un pictured strapped up with white bandages .     filmed while visiting a pyongyang weapons factory in impoverished nation .     injury is latest evidence in a string of rumours about dictator 's ill health .
the two jets have been permanent fixtures at memphis estate for 30 years .     but city council has agreed hound dog ii and lisa marie can be taken away .     they will form part of a new museum about the king of rock 'n' roll .     decision follows a year of wrangling between planes ' owner and graceland .
stuart broad was dismissed for a duck in england 's first innings .     the 28-year-old has had a complete demise in his batting .     broad must not let his batting woes must not affect his bowling .     he is still is the enforcer and combines well with james anderson .
britain has long seen prosecco as the second choice to champagne .     now that 's all changing as prosecco sales have overtaken for the first time .     uk sales were # 181.8 million compared with # 141.3 million for champagne .
debenhams and mothercare have called a halt to long-running promotions .     and both stores have announced revived figures since making the change .     experts claim prolonged sales can devalue products and encourage shoppers to delay buying an item until it is reduced .     figures show a third of all fashion purchases are now made in a sale .
lisa and james tuttle moved with children to idyllic geldeston , norfolk .     their dogs kept escaping onto neighbouring farmland .     they were warned if dogs kept bothering farmer 's birds , they 'd be shot .     couple believed dogs were gentle and would n't have attacked birds .     in 2014 while family were on holiday , gamekeeper shot two of the dogs .     acted within law so was not charged .     family are devastated by loss of pets and now want to move .
kyle knox , 23 , disappeared as he tried to climb 4409-ft high ben nevis .     he was last seen at start of route on march 31 but failed to return to hotel .     his body was found near the foot of the peak three weeks after he vanished .     the londoner 's family has been informed of the discovery .
james corden shared the picture on thursday via twitter .     corden is currently in america filming late-night talk show late late .     david beckham was a guest on the 36-year-old 's show last month .
`` high profits '' follows the owners of a recreational marijuana dispensary .     the cnn original series airs sundays at 10 p.m. et .
at 240lbs , lillian bustle says she 's not being negative when she calls herself ` fat ' - she is just being factual .     she says she likes performing burlesque because it helps open people up to liking different body types .     the dancer says she 's thrilled at the positive reception her ted talk has received , adding that she believes it means ` body-positivity ' is working .
numbers of native red squirrels have been rapidly dwindling in the country .     now , several sightings have been reported in windermere , lake district .     experts say a lack of habitats caused them to disappear from the area .     but they are now returning to woods in the area and some have even been spotted in the town centre .
sharon edwards , 55 , was last seen on saturday in grafton , nsw .     police focus has shifted to treat her disappearance as a homicide .     son eli says family are struggling to come to terms with disappearance .     forensic officers have returned to her home with a crime scene warrant .
henry howes was playing on arcade game after a swimming lesson at the snowdome in tamworth .     when he failed to pick up a teddy he reached inside the claw machine .     but the four-year-old stretched too far and got trapped inside the game .     staff took half an hour to free henry as they searched for the keys .
warning : graphic content .     the three blindfolded men were executed by gunmen in ghanzi province .     insurgents shot them at point-blank range with ak-47s in front of crowd .     hundreds of locals - including children - gathered to watch public killings .     taliban said the prisoners were found guilty by islamic court of murder .
it is being developed by pixium vision with trials scheduled for 2016 .     a surgeon implants a small silicon chip with 150 electrodes on the retina .     an integrated camera on goggles sends images to a portable computer .     a ` pocket processor ' converts that recording into an infrared image , which the goggles then beam into the eye .
scottish first minister talked up chances of being the king-maker .     mr miliband tonight ruled out a formal deal with the resurgent nationalists .     a vote-by-vote arrangement between labour and snp remains on the table .     but ms sturgeon said : ` he wo n't get his budget unless he compromises '
mario suarez and marcelo will both be suspended for next week 's champions league quarter-final second leg .     atletico madrid and real madrid played out a 0-0 draw on tuesday night .     suarez wants a ` better referee ' for the return leg at the bernabeu .     dani carvajal could face punishment for punching mario mandzukic .
aid agency received approval from saudi-led coalition to enter yemen .     it has been negotiating for weeks to deliver emergency food and supplies .     11 days of coalition airstrikes on iran-backed shi'ite houthi rebel positions have left more than 500 people dead and many more displaced .     news comes as pakistan begins talks to join the coalition of sunni nations .
alex impey is breaking the law by openly selling marijuana to customers seeking pain relief .     he sells medicinal oil from the drug at about $ 100 a gram and some people use up to a gram each day as treatment .     mr impey also teaches the terminally ill how and where to grow their own .     his `` hemp store '' alone receives more than 20 requests for help accessing medicinal cannabis each week .     patients who contact him include cancer sufferers , those with parkinson 's disease , multiple sclerosis and children with epilepsy .     larisa rule , 3 , is one of his customers , and takes the drug to reduce her seizures .     her father peter risked two years in jail for preparing his own crop .
matyas gutai is pioneering the use of water as an insulator for sustainable architecture .     reacting to its surroundings , the water keeps the house at a comfortable temperature .
cesc fabregas takes advantage of rob green error to win the game for chelsea three minutes from time .     chelsea had lacked a threat in the absence of diego costa and loic remy , with didier drogba up front .     before goal qpr came closest to scoring , with thibaut courtois saving well from charlie austin and matt phillips .     jose mourinho 's side are seven points clear at the top of the premier league with a game in hand .
warning : graphic content .     kristen lindsey of brenham , texas , believed the animal was non-domestic .     said the only good feral cat was one ` with an arrow through it 's head '     she then stated : ` vet of the year award ... gladly accepted '     local rescue center has since claimed the cat called tiger was n't feral .     colorado state graduate has been fired from washington animal clinic .     prosecutors now considering whether she should face criminal charges .
alert issued over rogue workers in nuclear , transport and public services .     mi5 giving advice on risk posed by employees working in sensitive areas .     follows actions of pilot andreas lubitz who killed 150 people in the alps .     a ba pilot claims his airline does not carry out mental health checks .
patrick cherry will be placed on desk duty before being transferred out of the nypd 's joint terrorism task force division .     cherry was investigated by the civilian complaint review board after an uber passenger recorded meltdown .     ` no good cop should watch that video without a wince , ' nypd police chief bill bratton said at a press conference wednesday .     cherry was reportedly on his way back from visiting a colleague in hospital .     the uber driver ` honked ' at cherry as he pulled into a parking space without signalling .
chipotle is stepping away from using gmos -lrb- genetically modified organisms -rrb- as ingredients .     the company 's rice , meat marinades , chips , salsa , and tortillas will not be made with gmos .     however , gmo-feed is still consumed by the chickens and pigs the company uses .     chipotle co-ceo steve ells has said ` they say these ingredients are safe , but i think we all know we 'd rather have food that does n't contain them '
stephanie scott 's remains were formally identified during an autopsy .     the corner will now attempt to determine the cause of her death .     police discovered the body in a remote national park on friday .     she went missing on easter sunday , just days before she was due to get married to her partner of five years .     her father has spoken out about the family 's pain , saying it 's difficult to be surrounded by reminders of her wedding .     police will contact authorities in holland as they investigate accused killer , vincent stanford , who was charged with stephanie 's murder .
sean bowen maintained three-winner lead in conditional jockeys title race .     bowen scored aboard abidja at newton abbot on monday afternoon .     while , nico de boinville was victorious on one lucky lady at kempton .     the latter can close gap with rusty nail and taylor at exeter on tuesday .
jaclyn methuen and ryan ranellone return home for the holidays after their honeymoon in puerto rico on tonight 's episode of the reality show .     the 30-year-old , from union , new jersey , nearly left her new husband at the altar because she was n't physically attracted to him .
lz : barney frank may say lgbt rights ` winning , ' but indiana law pushing them back , and other states ' anti-lgbt moves , a bad sign .     cruz , huckabee , jindal , carson , walker and some state judges rulings , feel like 2016 reviving culture wars , he says .
passengers joined 1km-long queue outside tribhuwan international airport .     guards unable to control sheer number of people attempting to flee kathmandu .     many had already booked journeys but wanted to board next possible flight .     airport was briefly closed down yesterday due to aftershock from quake .
activists installed snowden 's bust on top of century-old prison ship martyrs monument at fort greene park before dawn monday .     it took them six months to create the 4-foot-high , 100-pound bust sculpted out of plaster-like material and made to look like bronze .     bust was accompanied by block letters spelling out ` snowden '     less than 10 hours after installation , parks workers swooped in and took down the statue .     the unsanctioned bust appeared in the park just hours after hbo aired john oliver 's interview with edward snowden .
earl arthur olander was found tied up and beaten to death in his own home .     the 90-year-old was a lifelong bachelor and lived alone in rural minnesota .     police have offered a # 1,000 reward for any information leading to an arrest .     his neighbors and friends said he was loved by all within the community .
brazil international wants to win his place back at stamford bridge .     he has not completed a full 90 minutes for chelsea since february .     ' i do n't see why i would think of leaving , ' said the 23-year-old .     chelsea face resurgent manchester united in premier league on saturday .
disqualified owner massimo cellino confirms nicola salerno 's departure .     announcement comes six days after assistant coach was suspended .     salerno understood to be responsible for steve thompson suspension .     italian has been linked with sporting director 's job at palermo in italy .
the video first went viral after being uploaded to youtube in june 2012 .     it was reposted on tuesday by popular radio hosts fitzy and whipper .     youtube commenters outlined a number of visual inaccuracies in the clip .     swell experts declared it is impossible for waves could reach the harbour .
arizona 's the wave and the fairy chimneys in turkey were formed by layers of rock and erosion .     it was n't a stretch for iceland 's svinafellsjokull glacier to co-star as ` space ' in interstellar .     grand prismatic spring in yellowstone national park looks like a volcano about to explode .     the zhangye danxia landform in china are hills that take on all the colours of the rainbow .
actor was famous for wearing christian dior 's eau sauvage aftershave .     it contained hedion , a chemical that activates the brain 's hypothalamus .     region is responsible for triggering release of sex hormones in women .
leaked report suggests g36 rifle did not shoot straight when it overheated .     german army carried out tests and none of the 304 assault rifles passed .     the weapon is used by british counterterrorism officers across the uk .     an urgent home office review has been called for in light of the findings .
stephen gilbert jokes that the dog ` unresolved anger issues ' after bite .     he is defending a slim majority of 1,312 in st austell and newquay .     lib dems think they could lose 20 seats but still be back in power .
cuban leader met venezuelans in havana ` for hours , ' state media says .     appearance on monday was first since january art show last year .     longtime president had met in private with cuban spies in february .
pictures show the late lamented actor laughing and joking while on set .     peter o'toole continued filming despite suffering from a long-term illness .     director michael redwood paid tribute to actor 's unique sense of humour .     fall of an empire : the story of katherine of alexandria hits cinemas today .
jayden wingler of arizona was interviewed by fox news earlier this week about a theme park accident which left him with severe burns on his legs .     while on camera , the youngster eloquently recalled what happened with arm actions and wide-eyed facial expressions to match his emotions .
video captures brawl between officers and family in cottonwood , arizona .     police fire tasers and use pepper spray as they try to separate the group .     one of the officers is put into a headlock during the violent confrontation .     moments later an officer is shot and enoch garver , 21 , is killed .     members of the band , called matthew 24 now , have since been jailed .
four sisters were at centre of an international custody dispute .     the girls were sent back to live with their father in italy in 2012 .     they were dragged kicking and screaming from their sunshine coast home .     the distressing scenes shown on tv caused hysteria and concern .     60 minutes has exclusively interviewed the girls at their home near florence .     their mother has not visited them in italy until now .     this edition of 60 minutes will screen nationally on channel 9 at 8.30 pm this sunday , april 12 .
image is released by chinese traffic police to warn dangerous road stunts .     van is strapped to the three-wheel moped with two crisscrossed strings .     man is likely to be on his way to a garage as minibus has a flat tyre .     police said driver broke traffic regulations but they failed to track him down .
rowing team at washington university attacked by flying carp .     member of the team caught the attack on video .
university of oregon 's tanguy pepiot had strong lead over meron simon .     raised arms in triumph while he was still running - which slowed him down .     simon , of the university of washington sprinted and closed the gap .     beat pepiot by a tenth of a second at track event in eugene , oregon .
floyd mayweather and manny pacquiao are two weeks away from fighting .     their $ 300million bout will be the richest in the history of boxing .     both men spent time with those closest to them over the weekend .     they are both starting their final week of hard training .
study of twins in the uk found voting conservative tends to run in families .     voting ukip , labour and the greens also had moderate levels of heritability .     however , voting for the liberal democrats is determined by environment .     the study suggests there may be an underlying genetic element to politics .
hilary mantel has been tweaking stage version of wolf hall for broadway .     her award-winning bring up the bodies has been renamed ` wolf hall ii '     it may also be shorter as the author was said to have cut ` lot of repetition '     show opens in america 's broadway with original british cast tomorrow .
tipper lewis , 43 , has been consuming superfoods for over 20 years .     has glowing skin , high energy levels and no doctor .     would love to see children in schools eating superfoods .
cassey ho boasts over two million subscribers on her youtube channel blogilates .     the 28-year-old receives hundreds of comments a day telling her that she needs to lose weight .
jo gilchrist left writhing in pain when staph infection attacked her spine .     the 27-year-old mother was rushed to brisbane hospital in february .     doctors are still administering strong antibiotics to rid her body of bacteria .     she says her friend was carrying bacteria on her face and she used the same make up brush on her pimple .     she 'll be confined to a wheelchair and has no feeling below belly button .
british golfer charley hull has all the attributes to be one of the best .     the 19-year-old has the same ` wow factor ' as rory mcilroy at the same age .     hull is part of an exciting group including thailand 's ariya jutanugarn and american lexi thompson .
hangover treatment found in documents uncovered at oxyrhynchus , egypt .     the texts included 24 new ` recipes ' for preventing the spread of ulcers and treating hemorrhoids , toothache , gangrene and various eye conditions .     one text provides advice for treating a ` drunken headache ' by stringing the leaves of the evergreen shrub alexandrian chamaedaphne around the neck .
lookalikes niamh geany , 26 , and karen branigan , 29 , made headlines .     the pair , from ireland , live only an hour apart .     a retired priest has also found his doppelgänger , a retired head teacher .     london-based journalist sophie robehmed found hers in birmingham .     two male university students found their body doubles on campus .
crying syrian girl was photographed in jordanian refugee camp in november .     she threw her hands up in the air and began crying when she saw his camera .     cameraman broke into tears when he reviewed the heart-breaking image later .     follows iconic image of another girl who surrendered to cameraman in syria .     thousands of children have fled embattled country to seek refuge in jordan .     conflict charity claims their experiences cause terror-inducing flashbacks .
david bulman , 55 , left his wife with a black eye and a lump on her head .     a row had broken out after bulman condemned her for not doing chores .     she threw the managing director 's shirts outside before he attacked her .     bulman was given a 12-month community order at bristol crown court .
mai zizhou has been trained to play basketball since 2.5 years old .     video shows him shooting the hoops and dribbling two basketballs .     his incredible skills have won him legions of fans around china .
400 extra officers drafted in by the british transport police this weekend .     rivals manchester united , liverpool and leeds will all be in london .     united face chelsea and leeds travel to charlton athletic on saturday .     liverpool face aston villa in the fa cup semi-final at wembley stadium .
dan price , founder of gravity payments , will slash his salary to $ 70,000 and raise the minimum wage for his 120 employees to $ 70,000 .     the move , in the next three years , will also require price to plow up to 80percent of his firm 's $ 2.2 million profits back into salaries .     he says he was inspired to make the bold step after reading that happiness increases dramatically for people earning over $ 70,000 .
wigan twice came from behind to force a draw .     ross mccormack gave fulham an early lead on four minutes .     jermaine pennant equalised for wigan with a stunning free-kick .     matt smith restored fulham 's lead before half-time .     jason pearce pulled the visitors level from a corner after the restart .
michael j from michigan filmed his 11-month-old daughter leighton in floods of tears .     footage shows her immediately cheering up when she 's handed a french fry to lure over the family pup , zayla .
swiss town of zermatt bans tourists taking pictures of st bernard dogs .     comes after swiss animal protection agency into miserable conditions the dogs are kept in .     the report says they are locked up in a condemned building or made to stand in the cold for hours at a time .
are we seeing a mental disintegration of nico rosberg as a racing driver ?     last season rosberg was the epitome of focus , intelligence and calculation .     since his spa collision with lewis hamilton his composure has diminished .     max verstappen , 17 , impressed with classy driving ability in china .     rosberg : attempting to overtake hamilton could have cost me second .
dashcam footage shared by dailymotion.com user vidsking , shows a st. bernard dog running across a road somewhere with a child trailing behind .     it appears to be a rather uncomfortable excursion , with the young boy being pulled along the ground on his belly .
sewol ferry sank a year ago off the coast of south korea , killing 304 people .     families hold protests , vigils , say not much has been resolved since sinking .     government has yet to decide whether to raise the ferry .
gina rinehart called ` the fat ' and ` fatty ' by son john hancock in emails .     ` fat would have quickly grown tired of supporting your shopping , ' he said .     nearly a decade later , the siblings are united in a bitter trust dispute .     bianca rinehart gave evidence in the dispute into the family 's finances .     ms rinehart was forced to sign contracts , and left ` distressed and crying '     children of gina rinehart lodged case to increase stake in family company .     siblings currently control just 23 per cent of family 's hancock prospecting .     gina rinehart has a stake of more than 76 per cent in the company .
during the masters , jordan spieth demonstrated optimal movement to enhance swing power and fluid control .     when golfers have mobility limitations they compensate with their low back and knees , which often leads to pain and injury .
bill de blasio ` wants to be a more liberal alternative to hillary clinton '     new york mayor 's bid is allegedly backed by working families party .     de blasio , clinton 's former campaign manager , has yet to endorse her .
marvin `` papi gallo '' jones and ramon luis nicolas were in the middle of a bout when the black phone slipped out from jones ' black and red shorts .     jones said he was listening to music before the fight on friday and put his phone in his shorts but forgot to take it out .     he believes the mishap cost him the fight .
andy flower guided england to three ashes wins over australia .     former team director also led england to the world no 1 icc ranking .     andrew strauss is a front-runner to becoming director of england cricket .
former us president george h.w. bush looked in good health on friday as he accompanied australian tennis player roy emerson to a tennis game .     bush , 90 , lives in the houston area with his wife barbara and has attended many atp fundraisers and charity events throughout the years .     back in december , bush , who suffers from parkinson 's , was hospitalized for shortness of breath for about a week .
peter kelly and a friend were fishing on the minnesota side of the st croix river on tuesday when they heard three rowdy men across the water .     they asked them to be quiet and an argument ensued for three hours .     the three men asked kelly and his friend to come over so they drove to the wisconsin side , where a fight unfolded and kelly was fatally stabbed .     kelly , who volunteered as a high school wrestling coach in his spare time , leaves behind a wife and five children , all under the age of nine .
celtic boss ronny deila was unsure he was cut out for the job .     deila struggled for results initially at celtic park .     but the bhoys now lead the premiership and should win the title .
christian migrants speak of making the journey across med to escape isis .     eritrean refugee haben , 19 , made the perilous trip with brother samuel , 14 .     haben said gunmen patrol libyan towns and beaches looking for ` infidels '     made journey days before 900 died as they travelled from libya to sicily .
in new york city , opt for free attractions , like central park or the highline .     stay just outside the city centre in zurich and toronto to save .     tripadvisor offers plenty of low-cost accommodations , all for under # 100 .
accused of leaking a document revealing party 's ideological battle plan to counter advocates of constitutional democracy .     amnesty : her sentencing is in line with the very stern approach president xi jinping 's team has taken on dissent .     gao was arrested in april last year , ahead of the sensitive 25th anniversary of the tiananmen square crackdown .
an ocean photographer has captured the unique and surreal moment ocean foam hits the sand .     surfer lloyd meudell formed a severe photography obsession after buying a gopro two years ago .     he now shoots on a eos 5d mark iii dslr and uses numerous lenses but does not reveal his secrets .     the ` foam surrealism ' pieces are shot on the south coast of nsw at kiama beach through to gerrigong .     mr meudell 's shots draw from works of surrealism such as salvador dali and appear very dream-like .
rhiannon langley , from melbourne , is undergoing rhinoplasty in bangkok .     the 24-year-old has 189,000 followers on instagram alone .     she is sharing pictures and videos of her experience on social media .     langley tells daily mail australia that reaction so far has been positive .
warning graphic content : attacker targeted crowd of military personnel and civilians in jalalabad .     35 people died and 125 were injured after the suicide bomber detonated an explosive-laden motorbike .     islamic state has since claimed responsibility and the country must stand united , president ghani said .
ryan taylor 's injury record has severely limited the number of first-team appearances he has made for newcastle .     still , the 30-year-old utility player is one of the most popular at the club .     taylor etched himself into newcastle folklore in 2011 by scoring the winner with a superb free-kick against rivals sunderland .     he is out of contract in the summer and sunday 's fixture at the stadium of light could be his last derby in a newcastle shirt .
author margaret atwood dismissed katherine as an ` uneventful ' dresser .     she says duchess of cambridge has n't lived up to fashion icon diana .     miss atwood says kate is cautious when it comes to clothing .
there are more and more mothers setting up thriving small businesses .     the mail is asking readers to nominate successful mothers they know .     this week 's nominee is petra wetzel who set up the west brewery in 2006 .     petra , 40 , lives in glasgow with her nine-year-old son , noah .
seth casteel traveled across ten states and took more than 750 children for his new book , underwater babies .     he is hoping his photographs will encourage parents to teach their children to swim from an early age .
the first black bond villain , yaphet kotto , says secret agent must be white .     he said the role was created for a white hero and should remain as such .     black british actor idris elba has been tipped to replace daniel craig as 007 .     kotto played villain dr kananga in the 1973 installment live and let die .
children as young as seven can take part in bull riding competitions .     youngest children ride calves before graduating to bullocks then bulls .     between four and six , they hone their skills by ` mutton busting ' on sheep .     bull riding is thought to be one of the most dangerous sports in the world .     an estimated one in every 15 bull rides ends in some sort of injury .     unreported world , tonight at 7.30 pm on channel 4 .
the frozen star features on the cover of good housekeeping 's may issue , in which she also discusses her relationship with husband dax sheppard .     kristen , 34 , admitted that she and dax attend regular therapy sessions together and insists it helps their marriage .     the actress calls motherhood ` unmissable ' and hopes her daughters understand the ` sisterhood of frozen ' one day .
officials spoke about the devastating single-vehicle crash in august for the first time last week .     current fbi director james comey and vermont senator patrick leahy say freeh severed a major artery in the crash .     paramedics and an fbi agent at the scene were able to stop the bleeding - saving freeh 's life .     freeh was the director of the fbi from 1993 until 2003 .
vijay chokal-ingam says he pretended to be black to get into medical school .     he says the experience showed him that affirmative action is a flawed system .
louise nesbitt was employed as an office bookkeeper at a perth company .     she mistakenly sent a text message to boss calling him ' a complete d *** '     it was sent on january 12 last year and she was fired for gross misconduct .     the long-time employee claims it was meant to be a ` light-hearted insult '     but the fair work commission ruled against her , saying text was ` hurtful '
mark wood part of the england squad flying to the caribbean .     alastair cook 's side to play three test matches against west indies .     at 5ft 11in and 12st , he is not the size of traditional fast bowler .
destiny 's child reunited at the stellar gospel awards in las vegas last weekend . it aired on tv one last night .     it was the first time beyoncé , kelly rowland and michelle williams performed together since super bowl in new orleans .     but they did n't perform as destiny 's child .     beyoncé 's dad mathew knowles has a 25 percent interest in the group but the singers do n't want him involved .     the 2005 destiny fulfilled reunion tour grossed approximately $ 70.8 million in the us alone .     knowles is the one obstacle to a sensational new reunion tour and album .
the health secretary said the mail 's campaign exposed abuse of funds .     promised a future conservative government would stop abuse as priority .     labour health spokesman andy burnham vowed to investigate findings .     other senior politicians said nhs trusts should be ` hauled ' before mps .
the 19-year-old singer was a finalist in 2012 series of the x factor .     batiste has announced her as official face of 2015 ready for it campaign .     tv advertising campaign features henderson 's latest single , mirror man .
michael rogan , 42 , was driving his wife , niki , and their seven children to hospital for the birth of their eighth child early on friday morning .     a deer was hit by another vehicle and thrown through the windshield of their van .     michael was severely injured and pronounced dead in hospital .     hours later niki gave birth to their son , blaise .     the family , who only suffered minor injuries , attended church as usual on sunday , and blaise was baptized after the service .     friends have set up a gofundme page to help the family and almost $ 200,000 has been raised .
social media and smart phones cause a minefield of problems while dating .     being clingy on facebook or constantly on your mobile can be off-putting .     femail provides ten tips for stress-free dating .
11 points split leaders setif and bottom-placed hussein dey with four rounds of the algerian league to play .     all 16 teams could mathematically still win the championship .     top two qualify for caf champions league while three are relegated .     incredibly tense final day is expected on june 12 .
tito vilanova died aged 45 on april 25 last year after a long cancer battle .     vilanova was pep guardiola 's assistant during a golden spell for the club .     he was key to three la liga and two champions league titles from 2008-12 .
robots built by mechanical engineers at stanford university in california .     geckos have small hairs on their feet to help them scurry across ceilings .     could be used in emergencies or on construction sites in the future .
reserve deputy robert bates said he meant to use a taser but accidentally shot and killed a man .     lawyer for slain man 's family says bates was n't qualified to be on the force and received preferential treatment .     `` robert bates has met all the requisite training required by oklahoma to be a reserve deputy , '' bates ' lawyer says .
follow in the footsteps of the gold rush prospectors .     search for grizzly bears ... but do n't be taken unawares .     fly over the world 's largest non-polar ice field .
president franklin d. roosevelt died suddenly 70 years ago april 12 in warm springs , georgia .     lauder : he was longest-serving president in history ; impact was felt immediately and personally .
justin bettman began the popular set in the street project in december .     caught the attention of jose luis , who asked for his help .     luis told his girlfriend that they had been cast in a photo shoot .     when bettman asked during the shoot if luis wanted to try any more poses , he dropped on one knee and popped the question .     bettman told daily mail online the scene made his makeup artist cry .
peter morris was devastated when his sister , claire , died in a car crash .     only a year before , she had married malcolm webster .     he believed his sister had died in a tragic accident .     it took two decades for the truth to be revealed .     claire was murdered by webster so he could cash in on her life insurance .     tried to do same to his second wife in 1999 - and was jailed in 2011 .
the united nations relief and works agency chief will visit yarmouk camp saturday .     pierre krähenbühl will assess the humanitarian situation there .     yarmouk has been engulfed in fighting since december 2012 .
freddie gray 's death has fueled protests in baltimore .     demonstrators accuse police of using too much force and say officers should face charges .
three men were involved in a fatal shooting near rockhampton on tuesday .     greg mcnaughton , 53 , was shot dead by his son tim .     tim is also believed to have shot at his father 's friend lindsay hart .     the 24-year-old then turned the gun on himself .     mr hart escaped into bushland and phoned police .     all three had been target shooting together before the incident .     greg and lindsay were both pilots with the royal flying doctor service .     tim was an apprentice aircraft engineer with the company .     he sustained serious head injuries in a motorbike accident last year .     was visiting his parents while on leave from a rfds base in alice springs .     police are not looking for anyone else in relation to the deaths .
loeb has filed a lawsuit to stop modern family actress destroying two frozen embryos , according to legal documents obtained by intouch .     embryos were fertilized using her eggs and his sperm six months before their split in november 2013 , it is claimed .     former couple previously tried to use surrogate to have children twice during their relationship , but procedures failed , according to the lawsuit .     but the split before remaining embryos could be implanted , it is alleged .     lawsuit also claims that vergara was ` physically and mentally abusive ' to loeb during their almost-four-year relationship .
lewis hamilton sprayed liu siying with champagne after win in china .     he was criticised as ` selfish and inconsiderate ' by an anti-sexism group .     visual art graduate siying said she ` did not think too much about it at all '     hamilton said he would have been concerned if she was unhappy .     the defending world champion spoke ahead of the bahrain grand prix .
the average briton eats four servings of cheese a week , study reveals .     three in ten workers tuck into cheese sandwiches for their lunch everyday .     mozzarella and red leicester are second and third favourite cheeses in uk .
hubble has helped make major discoveries but there are limits to how far it can see into space .     the james webb space telescope will work in the infra-red and be able to see objects that formed 13 billion years ago .     scientists also believe the new telescope will be able to detect planets around nearby stars .
it interrupted a state department briefing and forced the white house onto back-up generators .     outage ` briefly had an impact on the white house complex ' but it was ` back on the regular power source ' an hour and a half later .     white house press secretary says he was in the oval with the president when it happened , and it was barely noticeable .     related to a dip in power in a transmission line at a maryland facility , power company says ; another report says it may have been an explosion .     homeland security says there 's no evidence of malicious activity .
while republican gov. asa hutchinson was weighing an arkansas religious freedom bill , walmart voiced its opposition .     walmart and other high-profile businesses are showing their support for gay and lesbian rights .     their stance puts them in conflict with socially conservative republicans , traditionally seen as allies .
cuomo issued a state health warning friday about the drug .     more than 160 patients admitted in nine days across the state .     the drug can have long-term effects on the brain , especially for the young people who are abusing it .     spice is bought over the counter , usually marketed as incense or potpourri .     it caused the death of a california teenager last year .     on april 6 , two mississippi brothers were placed in medically-induced comas .     they had smoked a ` bad batch ' of the synthetic cannabinoid .
west brom owner jeremy peace is looking to sell the midlands club .     he is open to offers and is understood to want between # 150m and # 200m .     tony pulis says peace has given him his word that a takeover will not drag .     pulis also praised saido berahino 's impact at the club this season .
jerry tarkanian , five , was taken to the hospital at 4am on friday after complaining about pain in his legs .     he was given a ct scan , could n't move the left side of his body and was having trouble answering questions , mom amy tarkanian said .     parents danny and amy tarkanian say he 's showing signs of improvement .     elder jerry tarkanian , a hall of fame coach , died in february , aged 84 .
chancellor paves the way for further cuts to payments with # 1,000-a-year .     challenged to ` rule out depriving more people of child benefit ' at briefing .     refuses to rule out rolling child benefit into universal credit system .     labour says osborne has put middle income families ` in the firing line '
the 1915 fa cup final would be the last game in england for four years .     so many soldiers in the terraces saw it be known as the khaki cup final .     on friday it will be 100 years since the match was held at old trafford .     sheffield united beat chelsea 3-0 but there was no parade for the victory .     it was played on the same day thousands of allied troops were killed in a deadly german chlorine gas attack near ypres , belgium .     earl of derby urged men not enlisted to play ' a sterner game for england '
olsi beheluli posted picture of himself with # 250,000 in cash on twitter .     the 24-year-old was part of a gang found with # 4million in class a drugs .     police said he enjoyed ` living the high life ' with cash made from his crimes .     beheluli claimed he appeared on channel 4 dating show my little princess .
altamura man was discovered in a cave in 1993 in southern italy .     skeleton 's calcium formations suggest it is 128,000 to 187,000 years old .     scientists have successful extracted dna and are trying to sequence it .     they say dna might reveal new details about the evolution of hominids .
liam marshall-ascough is a tory candidate for stoke-on-trent central .     the crawley councillor has been seen in pictures licking a friend 's breasts .     but he insists the photographs were taken seven years ago and show him having fun and being sociable , like a normal person in their twenties .     mr marshall-ascough said he enjoys interacting with people , which is important for a politician to not be ` just all about the politics '
michael munday posted a series of tweets for the love of his life melissa .     the sydney man has posted 135 tweets about his ex-girlfriend .     mr munday has about 23k followers while others remain concerned .     he wrote on his twitter page that he believes he deserves a second chance .     but some are n't convinced and describe act as ` creepy and inappropriate '     he has asked for retweets to help show that he deserves second chance .
teenager was caught after an investigation by counter-terrorism officers .     tried to buy abrin , which could have created ` considerable harm ' to people .     admitted trying to buy the deadly toxin after appearing at manchester youth court .
kristi gordon of british columbia 's news channel global bc called out her online bullies because she realized their words had affected her .
ping pong legend deng yaping challenged actor to game at sports awards .     deng offers star a jumbo-sized bat to give him fighting chance during skit .     instead , she picks up a wooden spoon that ` my mother uses for cooking '     actor jokes : ` you 're going to beat me with it ? my mother said that to me ! '
more than 20,000 passed ten or more gcses with a or a * in last five years .     one in 30 children who sat the exams ended up with at least ten a grades .     figures suggest uk 's most able pupils are increasingly getting top marks .
` churchill 's toyshop ' operated out of london at first in world war two .     eventually it moved to a mansion in the countryside to avoid air raids .     the top-secret weapons lab developed some groundbreaking weapons .     these included the human limpet mine and a rocket-powered wheel .
gaioz nigalidze is banned from the dubai open chess tournament .     officials say he frequented the bathroom , where his phone was hidden in toilet paper .     that phone had a chess analysis application open , officials say .
noah ginesi , 16 months , reached for a hug when prince charles appeared .     a delighted charles chatted appreciatively to the boy 's mother genevieve .     the encounter took place during a visit to the rheged centre in cumbria .     charles is touring the county to promote his farming and rural charities .
al-qaeda linked networks have altered tactics since snowden stole files .     he stole intelligence files from gchq and us national security agency .     he fled justice in us to hong kong , then russia where granted asylum .
ferme de montagne is a boutique , chalet-style hotel in france .     guests are wowed by a rich variety of peaks including the dents du midi .     ski resort , les gets , boasts 400 miles of groomed pistes .
national grid has revealed the uk 's first new pylon for nearly 90 years .     called the t-pylon it is a third shorter than the old lattice pylons .     but it is able to carry just as much power - 400,000 volts .     it is designed to be less obtrusive and will be used for clean energy .
the star trek star helped pressure a new jersey auction house to cancel a sale of 450 photos and artifacts from world war ii internment camps .
lewis hamilton claimed third grand prix win of the season on sunday .     he will now help nicolas prepare for british touring car championship .     younger brother set to become the first disabled competitor to take part .
fox news sunday host appeared on the mike gallagher show on friday .     said mom-of-one clarkson ` could stay off the deep dish pizza for a while '     within minutes , his response had sparked outrage among internet users .     now , wallace has apologized for comment , which he dubbed ` offensive '     says he should have discussed singer 's ` remarkable talent ' - not weight .     clarkson , who gave birth to her daughter river last july , coincidentally discussed criticism about her weight with ellen degeneres same day .
aston villa face liverpool at wembley in the fa cup semi-final on sunday .     liverpool will have to keep villa 's in-form christian benteke quiet .     the belgium international has scored eight goals in six games for villa .     striker says that new manager tim sherwood has given him freedom .     benteke struggled for form earlier this season after recovering from injury .     a year ago he ruptured his achilles and missed the world cup .     benteke returned in october but did not hit top gear straight away .
college-bound basketball star asks girl with down syndrome to high school prom .     pictures of the two during the `` prom-posal '' have gone viral .
warning : graphic content .     traditional chinese medicine claims to cure all sorts of ailments including back ache , poor memory and cancer .     markets in guangzhou stock exotic and rare animals destined for restaurant menus , pharmacists and pet cages .     but beliefs drive # 13billion illegal wildlife network , the world 's third-largest elicit trade behind arms and drugs .     network of fledgling organisations are now challenging centuries of tradition in bid to change consumer appetites .
kinessa johnson served four years as a weapons instructor and mechanic .     now she works for veterans empowered to protect african wildlife .     patrols with park rangers and assists in intelligence operations .     insists she is not a ` poacher hunter ' , and only catches and detains them .
sarah , 30 , from los angeles , has come under fire for ` boasting ' about her toned figure throughout her pregnancy .     followers regularly share their disbelief at her photos -- while critics have warned her healthy regime could be harmful to the baby .     but sarah insists her frequent workouts and healthy eating are nothing but beneficial for her unborn child .
sir ranulph fiennes is receiving medical attention at marathon des sables .     veteran explorer , 71 , has completed most gruelling stage of the desert race .     forced to lie down intermittently during last few hours so he could finish .     aiming to become the oldest briton to complete the six-day ultra-marathon .
f1 fan arrested after invading track during practice for chinese grand prix .     the man scaled the grandstand before running across start-finish line .     he then walked into ferrari garage , believed to be shouting : ' i want a car . i 've got a ticket ' ... man was then handed over to the chinese police .     chinese officials said to embarrassed by the invading spectator .     click here for all the latest formula one news .
two britons thought to be among seven killed in caribbean plane crash .     piper pa-32 plane crashed in the punta cana region of dominican republic .     foreign office confirmed it is looking into reports of uk citizens on aircraft .     it is believed pilot was attempting emergency landing when crash occurred .
baptism held at saint james cathedral in jerusalem 's old city .     khloe kardashian is godmother while priest acted as north 's godfather .     child wore white baptismal gown in keeping with tradition .     north now officially a christian and a member of the armenian church .     family dined with jerusalem mayor after the ceremony .
rev coles sits on the board of wellingborough homes housing association .     vicar is known for presenting radio 4 's human interest show saturday live .     attacked tory plans to sell housing association homes as a ` right to steal '     confessed in memoir last year that he had taken drugs including cocaine , ecstasy and amphetamines .
lawmakers in colorado and washington are considering spelling out what 's allowed when it comes to making the concentrated marijuana at home .     at least 30 were injured in colorado alone in 2014 in butane explosions involving hash oil .     people make hash oil at home to save money , make it to personal taste , or as a hobby .
manager of rex cinema in berkhamsted cancelled regular baby matinees .     james hannaway , restored 1930s cinema in 2004 , explained reasons online .     he said staff were fed up with ` whingeing , bitching , snitching and the law '     mr hannaway also claimed they had been forced to reconsider film ratings .
filmmaker michael churton said he watched as the wall of ice approached .     the 38-year-old from new york then told his group to get down .     he said : ` it was about 4,000 feet of snow ... there was nowhere to run '     hoping for the best , he lay down and got into the fetal position .     the force of the oncoming snow caused him to slam into a rock .     he dug himself out and then looked for colleagues and other survivors .     another survivor said avalanche was ` something out of a hollywood movie '     at least 17 people who were on mount everest at the time have died .
afghanistan veteran bobby burnett regularly beat partner samantha chudley and forced her to hand over passwords for e-mail and facebook .     court heard he changed because he was taking a powerful illegal steroid .     the soldier had an exemplary service record but was thrown out of the corps after a routine drug screen showed he was taking the drugs .     he was jailed for two years and two months at exeter crown court today .
mitchell is best know for her hits `` big yellow taxi '' and `` free man in paris ''     paramedics came to her los angeles home on tuesday afternoon .
atletico madrid and real played out a 0-0 draw in the champions league .     mario mandzukic was in wars following battles with real madrid defenders .     raphael varane , daniel carvajal and sergio ramos tussled with striker .     croatia international has denied claims carvajal bit him during game .
harold ekeh , 18 , was editor of his student paper and ceo of the model un .     celebrated being accepted to 13 colleges with a chipotle burrito bowl .     moved from nigeria to long island at the age of eight , got 2270 in his sats .     credits his success to his parents ' resilience and positivity .     he is leaning toward yale , has until may 1 to decide .     plans to be a neurosurgeon to find alzheimer 's cure for his grandmother .
twitter has developed an interactive graphic which shows support for all 20 premier league clubs across the globe .     support for clubs has been broken down into constituency level in the uk and national level across the world .     the premier league 's biggest clubs - manchester united , liverpool , arsenal and chelsea - dominate globally .     manchester united dominate twitter followers in asia while chelsea are strong in south america .     arsenal come out on top in north america and in most of europe .     liverpool are strong in australia and parts of the far east , including thailand .
harry dowd played a key role in fa cup triumph over leicester city .     dowd continued working as a plumber during his professional career .     the former keeper scored for city , playing outfield after breaking his thumb .
elizabeth sedway posted to video to facebook showing her removal from a plane .     she was forced off a flight in hawaii and told she could n't head home to california .     alaska airlines later apologized , saying it could have handled the situation differently .
people aged under 30 currently represent a staggering 63 per cent of iran 's population of 73 million citizens .     the westernised iranian youth is also among the most politically active groups within the islamic world .     the young also represent one of the greatest long-term threats to the current form of theocratic rule in iran .
christian trousedale was seen helping elderly man home from shops .     aldi worker , 18 , held 95-year-old 's hand as he carried his shopping bag .     his act of kindness went viral and has been ` liked ' by more than 250,000 .     one customer saw trousedale at work and hugged him in the aldi store .     mr trousedale said he 's ` blown away ' by the reaction to the simple act .
wakē rouses individuals from their slumber one at a time .     alarm uses focused beams of light to create a ` personal sunrise '     it also emits focused ultrasonic waves to wake up each person in bed .     wall-mounted device is available to order via kickstarter for $ 250 -lrb- # 167 -rrb- .
brynn duncan has mast cell disease , which causes her to be allergic to almost everything .     duncan has a feeding tube and is on constant doses of antihistamine .
british world dressage champion charlotte dujardin wins at world cup .     29-year-old victorious on horse valegro at grand prix in las vegas .
scientists say early dna-like fragments guided their own growth .     they claim the process can drive the formation of chemical bonds .     these connect short dna chains to form long ones for life to evolve .     this self-assembly capability has been shown to take place in rna .
sarah theeboom , from new york city , gave up using hair products as a part of the ` no poo ' movement .     the writer battled greasy hair and dandruff for nearly two months before locks became silkier and ` totally frizz-free '
maria sharapova will play for russia in the fed cup semi-finals .     russia host germany in the 2014 winter olympics host city of sochi .     playing helps sharapova become eligible for next year 's summer olympics .
the luxurious library hotel has more than 6,000 books scattered throughout its guest rooms and public spaces .     each floor is dedicated to one of 10 of the dewey decimal system 's categories , including history and technology .     every one of the hotel 's 60 rooms is decorated according to a genre or topic within the categories .     on the fifth floor - devoted to math and science - guests stay in rooms themed after astronomy and dinosaurs .
russell ` rusty ' yates said his ex-wife 's actions were ' a result of her illness '     she systematically killed her children in their texas home in 2001 .     was convicted of capital murder in 2002 , but in 2006 was found not guilty by reason of insanity - after being diagnosed with postpartum psychosis .     mr yates maintains she is a good mother who loved her children .     slammed prosecutors for seeking the death penalty during the first trial .     he has since remarried and has a son .
tim stanley : muhammadu buhar won nigeria vote on campaign against corruption . he 's an ex-dictator , but there 's reason for optimism .     he says jonathan administration failed to address corruption , poverty and rise of boko haram . buhar may be tonic to years of misrule .
charles manuel of lamoni , iowa admitted to a review board that he traded sexual favors for his services .     manuel also fessed up to performing exorcisms and to telling patients to stop taking medications prescribed to them by a medical doctor .     the iowa board of chiropractic required manuel to pledge he would not apply for reinstatement of the license , but only for 10 years .
in the midst of the worst storm in new south wales in a decade people got creative with their photoshopping skills .     while there were many genuine dramatic photos of the devastation caused , the fake ones also caused confusion .     the more unbelievable photoshop jobs included a photo of noah 's ark majestically cruising into sydney harbour .
former secretary of state will make her visit to the granite state as a proclaimed 2016 candidate this week .     paul and other republican presidential contenders are in in town for a gop summit in nashua .     the kentucky senator also took a swipe at the gop field : ` they all look alike , all sound alike , they all dress alike and nothing ever changes '     speaking about libya , he charged that ` they would have just done the same thing ten times over ' as president barack obama .
courtney brain left skegness academy to visited her gp for treatment .     she was later told to make up missed time for ` unauthorised absence '     mother criticises decision to punish her daughter as ` mind-boggling '     school claims detention was to give her best chance of good grades .
lib dem mp said he 's realised it 's ` possible to be business-like ' with tories .     envisaged scenario where he could ` stomach ' working with conservatives .     but also quick to make clear he does not rule out working with labour .     thought he was most likely to remain in a government led by mr cameron .
sharon freundel gave a lecture on dealing with traumatic incidents at a jewish school in maryland on march 22 .     she is the wife of barry freundel , longtime rabbi at washington , dc 's kesher israel congregation , who was arrested in october .     freundel was caught filming women changing in the congregation 's ritual bathroom .     he pleaded guilty to 52 charges of voyeurism in february and is set to be sentenced on may 15 .
films can be bought at skystore.com or through the sky store app .     recent new releases include the hunger games : mockingjay part 1 , the hobbit : the battle of the five armies and paddington .     new releases cost # 13.99 , classics are # 7.99 and both include a dvd copy .     new releases on blinkbox are # 8.99 to buy a digital copy the user can keep .
eugenie bouchard crashed out of miami open to tatjana maria .     she urged herself to ` relax ' after losing to lesia tsurenko at indian wells .     canadian posed with sports illustrated model hannah davis and olympic medalist kerri walsh jennings .
the first year washington university students were on creve coeur lake .     initially all is calm until slight splashes can be seen rippling in the water .     suddenly all hell breaks loose and hundreds of asian carp leap at them .
chancellor warns global investors fear impact of snp in uk government .     claims there would be a ` constitutional crisis ' if nationalists call the shots .     miliband warns scots every fewer labour mp helps make cameron pm .
the nuvaring is one of the most popular birth control products on the market .     lawsuit cites `` a heightened risk of blood clots associated with the use of nuvaring ''     maker : `` there is substantial evidence to support the safety and efficacy of nuvaring ''
richie benaud revealed late last year he was suffering from skin cancer .     he had radiation treatment for lesions on his forehead and top of head .     he used the chance to ` recommend to everyone they wear protection on their heads '     benaud had looked frail after suffering serious injuries in a 2013 car accident .     after the crash and cancer treatment richie benaud was walking daily with wife daphne .     he hope to get fit enough to return to the commentary box but never did .
the thunder from lagos was suspected of illegally fishing for toothfish .     sea shepherd had been tracking the thunder for more than 100 days .     the thunder 's captain is suspected of scuttling the vessel in a cover-up .     watertight doors were dogged open to allow the vessel to sink faster .
marie le pen has fallen out with her father over his ` extreme views '     the 87-year-old convicted racist said nazi gas chambers ' a detail of history '     marine said fn ` does n't want to be held hostage to his vulgar provocations '     she will oppose him standing in december poll amid calls for him to resign .     but honorary president jean-marie said stepping down is a ` crazy idea '
andros townsend scored the equaliser in england 's 1-1 draw with italy .     townsend tweeted to hit back at paul merson for his previous comments .     townsend has been been ` desperate ' to silence his critics .     merson had slammed townsend for his display against man unitedÂ .
barry selby from dorset was eating bag of tesco cheese and onion crisps .     the 54-year-old discovered a snack shaped like profile of the human skull .     he said he was ` shocked ' with the find and has decided to ` keep it forever '     it 's not his first weird food find - he once discovered a heart-shaped crisp .
`` the americans '' ends a critically acclaimed third season wednesday .     academy of country music awards holds its 50th ceremony sunday on cbs .
manchester city maintain striker alvaro negredo will move to valencia .     the spaniard will cost the la liga side # 24million this summer .     fee was part of the loan agreement put in place for negredo .     city scouts were deployed to watch porto 's alex sandro this week .
many people also confessed that they would love to take a tour of lifestyle martha stewart 's home , as well as the obamas ' private living area .
manchester city have made little progress since manuel pellegrini arrived .     despite last year 's title win , city have again failed miserably to retain it .     vincent kompany no longer capable of producing top performances .     city 's squad , constructed carefully and expensively , is too old , too foreign .
martial law has been lifted in thailand after 10 months .     it has been replaced by a new order granting sweeping powers to the military junta .     critics warn the move deepens the country 's `` descent into dictatorship ''
women in brisbane are protesting offensive slogans on wicked campers .     the group claims the slogans promote violence against women .     in 2014 the company agreed to remove the slogans but has n't happened .     the group is spraying over slogans and posting pictures on social media .     over 150 protesters from wicked pickets gathered to rally against the vans .
steven carl day 's confession over drinks that he molested young girls led to his murder , robert mccombs , the roommate of the alleged murder testified .     mccombs said that when day confessed to he and his former roommate roger musick that musick said he wanted to kill day .     mccombs claims that musick strangled day to death and that the two of him dumped his body and then hid the evidence .     mccombs was released from prison in early march for tampering with evidence in day 's death but musick will stand trial for day 's murder .
sylvia matzkowiak , who goes by goldie berlin , is a german instagrammer , travelling everywhere from fiji to canada .     though the blonde gypsy may have been born in california , she 's become famous for her stunning balkan snaps .     and when it comes to celebrities , shay mitchell and beyonce are redefining what it means to be a jetsetter .
teri o'neil , 30 , filmed her daughter when she was six-months pregnant .     the youngster pulls a cheeky face and struts about the room with dad .     15-month-old olivia is delighted with her impression .
american boxer out to take back his title from limerick fighter .     peter quillin took time out to deal with personal issues , but is now ready .     quillin will return to the ring for the first time in a year against lee .
transsexual kellie was formerly boxing promoter frank maloney , 61 .     she has completed her sex change and is at home recovering .     tweeted to her fans : ` still very sore and got pain but in good health '     started transition to change gender two years ago and has now completed .
six infrared cameras around the jet give pilots a complete 360 degree view .     its price tag is millions over original budget due to development problems .     state-of-the-art helmet allows pilot to share information with nearby f-35s .     f-35 lightning ii one of the most complicated weapons systems ever built .     programmed with over 8 million lines of code , four times more than f-22 .
a magnitude-7 .8 earthquake struck nepal on saturday .     colin stark : we knew this disaster would come .
national front-leader named as one of time 's 100 most influential .     marine le pen said it shows her ` brand of politics ' is getting attention .     le pen , 46 , has tried to rid party of its extreme right-wing past .
john caudwell says the boy was shot and crawled into a bedroom to die .     women visitors to the staffordshire pile have felt the bed vibrate .     other guests sense a ghostly presence brushing past them on stairs .     but mr caudwell insists the young spirit is friendly and means no harm .
joanne whitehouse applied for daughter to go to st john fisher 's school .     she had ` no issue ' with alice , 4 , getting place as her three brothers attend .     but she found out this morning she would have to send her to another one .     the mother-of-eight plans to appeal the decision by rochdale council .
business leaders are calling for the end of surfers paradise meter maids .     the gold coast icons have been around for 50 years and started up in 1965 .     but meter maids general manager says they are part of gold coast culture .     he said they were an ` under-utilised resource ' to help revamp the region .
photographer j.m. giordano was covering freddie gray protests in baltimore , maryland saturday night when he was attacked by police .     a friend recorded the moment cops in swat gear ` swarmed over ' him laying helpless on the ground .     in the background , a friend is heard yelling ` he 's a photographer ! he 's press ! '
ephedra foeminea waits for the full moon to produce nectar .     experts from stockholm university studied plant in greece and croatia .     plant 's ` aim ' is to seduce insects so they will fertilise its seed .     it 's the only species that 's known to follow the moon 's phases to survive .
sophie english was one of thousands of babies born during vietnam war .     she was adopted by an australian family and has never known her birth mother .     ms english travelled to vietnam to try to reconnect with her home country .     there she met another adoptee , le my huong , and her biological mother .     she was able get some insight on her own adoption from my huong 's mother .
data was taken from 941,300 male and female sleep cycle app users .     it found 6:09 am is the earliest wake up time - and this was in south africa .     two thirds of countries spend the least amount of time in bed on sundays .     and 58 % of countries experience the best night sleep on wednesdays .
antonio valente , from dallas , texas , learned his photos had been used in a scam after he was contacted by the victim , marianne heinrich from vienna .     she had been befriended online by a man calling himself ` johnson michael lynn ' who said he wanted to marry her and live with her and his daughter .     she sent him $ 4,000 - but realized it was a scam and tracked valente down .     he has now reported the problem to facebook who removed the profile .
for a decade , the new south china mall has lain empty .     it was labeled a `` ghost mall '' -- symbol of china 's runaway speculation on real estate .     however , a recent visit showed it may be springing back to life .
three passengers report a loss of consciousness on skywest flight .     but officials say there is no evidence of a pressurization problem .
hitler ` fan magazine ' has been discovered and will be published in britain .     it was found by a british soldier in a bombed german house after the war .     one propaganda photo shows him in lederhosen and knee-high socks .     military experts will this month publish book entitled the rise of hitler .
the comment was made today by ellen stofan , chief nasa scientist .     ` it 's definitely not an if , it 's a when , ' added nasa 's jeffery newmark .     but the likelihood that life is similar to that on earth is low , they said .     signs of water have been found on some of jupiter and saturn 's moons .
cheyenne mountain complex being refurbished by pengaton .     high tech communications being installed that are impervious to electromagnetic pulses .     the bunker is build under 2,000 feet of the rocky mountains and is able to withstand a hit by a 30 megaton nuclear blast .     decommissioned 10-years ago because ` the russians were no longer a threat '
aston villa play liverpool in their fa cup semi-final on sunday at wembley .     raheem sterling was pictured smoking a shisha pipe earlier in the season .     steven gerrard will be leaving liverpool at the end of the campaign .
harry redknapp made his pitchside return at arsenal vs liverpool .     former tottenham boss was a pundit for live broadcast on bt sport .
the 2014 amateur champion was making his masters debut at augusta .     bradley neil missed the cut after finishing 13 over par in second round .     scot admitted he has found it difficult competing on professional tour .
tomorrow will be week 's warmest day and met office says above-average temperatures are forecast until june .     weather , caused by warm air from the azores , creating conditions we might usually experience in july or august .     bookmakers are receiving tens of thousands of pounds in bets on weather records being broken this summer .     public alerted to dangers in water as jellyfish arrive early off coast and firefighters issue ` tombstoning ' warning .
ngo where lo porto works describes him as a lively , positive man with lots of friends .     london university says he was a `` popular student ... committed to helping others ''     he was killed in a u.s. counterterrorism strike in january , authorities say .
the nfl has reinstated adrian peterson , allowing him to participate in league activities starting on friday .     this after he was suspended last september following an indictment on charges of child abuse .     peterson reportedly beat his son with a switch last may .     the running back in set to make $ 12.75 million this season with the minnesota vikings .
this week chrissy teigen shared a picture of her stretch marks .     the model was praised for sharing her real body .     recently singer pink hit back at critics of her figure at a red carpet event .
simon brann thorpe 's project makes real-life soldiers resemble toy soldiers .     he shot the images in western sahara , a disputed region of northwestern africa .
rensselaer polytechnic institute postponed screening following complaint .     college muslim association disagreed with plan to show american sniper .     other students say the postponing is censorship and attack on free speech .     film will be shown but with forum for discussion to follow the screening .
scientists in germany observed a jet erupting from comet 67p .     the event was captured by the osiris camera on the rosetta spacecraft .     in images two minutes apart , the jet appears on the dark side of the comet .     it may have formed when melting ice caused an explosion of material .
various fashion faux pas committed at the arts and music festival .     jaden smith wore a tunic dress , paris hilton donned cat-ear headband .     revellers wore neon swimsuits , a peter pan costume and garish leggings .
floyd mayweather jr and manny pacquiao 's fight will be the richest ever .     sportmail 's jeff powell is counting down the ring 's most significant fights .     first up is 1910 's fight for race - jack johnson v james j jeffries .
daphne selfe has been modelling since the fifties .     she has recently landed a new campaign with vans and & other stories .     the 86-year-old commands # 1,000 a day for her work .
manny pacquiao took time out from training to meet mark wahlberg .     floyd mayweather shared a picture of him holding a weight with his head .     the due meet in las vegas in a # 160million encounter on may 2 .
jeralean talley was born on may 23 , 1899 .     she credits her longevity to her faith .     inherited the title of world 's oldest person following the death of arkansas woman gertrude weaver , 116 , on monday .     friends said talley remains ` very sharp ' and goes on a yearly fishing trip .
tesco announced a record annual loss of # 6.38 billion yesterday .     drop in sales , one-off costs and pensions blamed for financial loss .     supermarket giant now under pressure to close 200 stores nationwide .     here , retail industry veterans , plus mail writers , identify what went wrong .
shocking video captured at the sunoco on north 5th street in philadelphia .     five attackers stream out of a minivan and target the helpless 51-year-old .     after beating him to the ground , they continue to stamp on his head .     two alleged attackers have been charged with attempted murder .     police are still searching for the other suspects involved in the attack .
camel racing is a centuries-old tradition in the gulf .     modern technology is changing the sport .     camels compete for thousands of dollars in prize money .
students at school in china pictured eating their lunches on the sidewalk .     they say they are protesting the high school 's ` disgusting ' canteen meals .     the school in jilin province banned students from bringing their own food .     teachers have erected barbed wire and metal sheets to prevent smuggling .
labour 's shadow chancellor got the right answer after a ten second pause .     he said it was ` always dangerous to answer those sorts of questions '     comes after he revealed he did not want to answer maths questions on tv .     told susanna reid that the maths brain in his family was his mother in law .
prescott city attorney jon paladini claims sole survivor brendan mcdonough heard an argument between the crew leader and his deputy .     paladini claims mcdonough told his secret to former city fire chief darrell willis .     willis admits mcdonough came to him to ` get something off his chest ' but says it was n't about infighting that occurred before the tragedy .     mcdonough has also denied the accuracy of paladini 's account , but reports of it may alter lawsuits stemming from the tragic june 2013 fire .
kevin pietersen took part in a net session at the oval on monday .     he is expected to play in three-day game against oxford mccu on april 12 .     pietersen has returned to county game to boost chances of england recall .
peter gale has been fired from nonsuch high school for girls in surrey .     headteacher accused of ` inappropriate ' and ` unprofessional ' behaviour .     governors said there had been ` serious breaches ' in safeguarding .     but the high-performing school refused to confirm nature of allegations .
mike rogers , ellen tauscher : access to space has benefited u.s. national security .     u.s. should not be reliant on nonsecure foreign supply chains , authors write .
bubba watson pulled off an incredible baseball style trick shot in practice .     the 36-year-old smashed the airborne ball straight down the middle .     watson 's form was poor at the masters and shenzen international .
ex-celtic striker john hartson has opened up about his battle with cancer .     he was diagnosed with cancer at the age of 33 .     hartson spoke of how he has turned his life around since his recovery .
nathan dailo has found a way to get his son to sleep in 42 seconds .     in a youtube video he demonstrates how stroking his 3-month-old son 's face with a white piece of tissue paper sends him to sleep .     the video has received almost 26,000 views in just two weeks .
kenya 's security has been bogged down by concerns over civil rights .     kenyan muslims have been targeted in raids and robbed , says human rights watch .
a psychology expert has revealed that the stress of a visit to the store can cause serious friction between couples .     she warned that customers avoid one particular unit known as the liatorp , which retails for $ 1,199 and is notoriously tricky to build .
san antonio spurs players take part in spuran spuran music video .     the nba champions perform single ` spurs ! ' in hilarious performance .     kawhi leonard , matt bonner , patty mills and aron baynes all teamed up .     spurs are third in the western conference with the play-offs approaching .
diane james described her admiration for putin during radio debate .     party 's justice spokesman russian president is a ` very strong leader '     comments came as campaign chief says party members are ` chauvinistic '
seaworld florida accused of drugging its performing killer whales .     lawsuit alleges park 's pools are so shallow the orcas get sunburned .     accuse staff of painting over killer whales ' injuries and burns .     claims marine park use chlorine ` many times stronger than bleach '
james whitaker 's brief reign as ecb head of selectors is coming to an end .     sam allardyce 's future as west ham boss is subject to speculation at a time when a letter sent by venky 's lawyers is doing the rounds .     the letter , from december 2011 , makes numerous disputed claims about kentaro 's involvement in blackburn after venky 's bought the club .     the fa cup is set to be rebranded as the emirates fa cup .
court has adjourned for the day after more than seven hours of deliberations .     jurors sent out two questions that are set to be addressed wednesday .     if dzhokhar tsarnaev is found guilty of at least one capital count , trial will go to penalty phase .
robert tomanovich first hung a noose and a confederate flag , printed with the slogan ' i ai n't coming down , ' on a fence at his michigan home .     neighbours complained so an employee of tomanovich 's hung a second noose outside his tree-cutting business .     tomanovich said he simply liked the colors of the flag and his wife claimed the noose was a tribute to a dead friend of her husband .     he has since taken down the nooses and flags , but refuses to apologize .
the queen has distributed the traditional maundy money in sheffield .     two bags of coins were presented to 89 men and 89 women during service .     one was brave d-day veteran , 91-year-old denis gratton .     her majesty arrived in the city on the royal train with prince philip .     royal maundy tradition dates back to 1210 and the infamous king john .     john , who appears in robin hood , was also forced to sign the magna carta .     royals were once required to wash the feet of beggars during the service .     only the nosegay , intended to hide the smell , still survives of that part .
douglas mess ' son reported him missing from their attica , new york farm on monday and his body was found following a seven-hour search .     his wife , charlene mess , has been charged with second-degree murder and remains in the local jail .     authorities have not released a motive or how mess ` killed her husband '
there is something about pope francis that 's reawakened her faith , say cnn 's carol costello .     meeting cardinal gerald lacroix of quebec showed how the pope is putting people in place to carry out his new vision , costello writes .
sherwood is a passionate man but he ca n't afford to let things get personal .     at new club aston villa , he has set the emotional bar high but it 's working .     christian benteke has found a new lease of life at the midlands outfit .
stephanie scott 's sister kim has released a poem intended for her wedding .     ` to my dearest stephanie and aaron on your wedding day . this is for you . '     the poem details the romance and engagement of ms scott and mr woolley .     friends and family have flooded the post with sympathy and memories .     kim scott invited loved ones to a memorial picnic on saturday afternoon .
duncan hodgetts fell from window at executive plaza , near manhattan 's rockefeller center .     mr hodgetts , from birmingham , west midlands , pronounced dead at scene .     he was found on third floor balcony of neighbouring michelangelo hotel .     the 25-year-old tax adviser worked for accountancy firm ernst and young .
` crash for cash ' fraud involved cars being deliberately driven into buses .     passengers - most of whom were friends and relatives - would then claim .     john smith , 45 , from connah 's quay , orchestrated crashes in chester area .     he processed 218 bogus personal injury claims to no win no fee lawyers .     convicted yesterday of fraud and conspiracy to commit fraud after trial .
twisted sister 's 2016 tour will be its last .     band will celebrate 40 years in 2016 .     twisted sister drummer a.j. pero died in march .
lu xincai says no one else can look after his 84-year-old mother .     she used to get lost after dark when she went to collect firewood .     now she goes with him to work on the backseat of his motorbike .     he ties her to him with a sash to make sure she does not fall off .     she 's now been given her own room at the bank where he works .
china 's cybercensors have developed a new it weapon and have attacked servers outside their borders .     attacks by the `` great cannon '' are in the open and could draw international ire , the authors of the study say .
emma forbes , 49 , bought four-storey london mansion with husband .     it has five kingsize bedrooms , five bathrooms and an underground pool .     but one neighbour describes it as looking like a ` down-market mortuary '     comes after miss forbes made handsome profit on sale of chelsea flat .
borussia dortmund and bayern munich have shared the last five bundesliga titles between them .     bayern currently have a 10-point lead at the summit of the table .     dortmund are 31 points behind their rivals in 10th place .
town of evansville in comanche county was the headquarters of largest cattle ranch in kansas 's history in 1880s .     but now , its once-thriving commissary building , with post office , grocery store and possibly a hotel , are long gone .     however , the remote ghost town is still home to two final residents - rancher larry ` dee ' scherich and wife phyllis .     couple live in a house just north of ruined commissary building - and only ever encounter hired help in the region .     mrs scherich said of evansville : ` by 1910 , there was not much left ' , adding she would ` love ' to restore the buildings .
a piece of space history is going up for auction in new york this month .     it is a bloodstained checklist from the gemini 4 mission in 1965 .     this spacecraft orbited earth 66 times with two astronauts on board .     blood came from astronaut 's hand while trying to close the hatch in space .
ursula ward talks about the shock and pain of her son 's murder .     odin lloyd 's sister said her brother 's death has felt like ' a bad dream '
ss guard charlotte s trained her alsatian to bite at inmates ' private parts .     gisela s locked up to 15 prisoners in a tiny ` standing cell ' for days .     gertrud elli senff revelled in the power of playing ` god ' with people 's lives .     she picked who lived and who was sent to the gas chambers to die .     but all three women - now frail and in their 90s - will never face justice .
sharmeena begum was raised by uncle who was former religious scholar .     he blames airport authorities , police and her school for letting her flee .     she used # 1,000 of inheritance following her mother 's death .     he is worried what will happen in syria and that she wo n't be allowed home .
randy lerner was expected to make a rare appearance for cup sem-final .     but lerner missed sunday 2-1 victory over liverpool after his aunt died .     aston villa will face arsenal in the fa cup final on saturday may 30 .
john isner will play either novak djokovic or david ferrer in the last four .     he became the first american to reach miami open semi final since 2011 .     kei nishikori could not handle isner 's serve in a 6-4 , 6-3 defeat .
maria sharapova lost to angelique kerber in stuttgart on thursday .     the german fought back to claim a 2-6 , 7-5 , 6-1 victory .     sharapova will now be replaced by simona halep as the world no 2 .
youngsters were at the arcadia palms apartment complex in las vegas .     residents then heard an explosion and saw a huge plume of smoke .     police say it was accidental and they are not expecting to file any charges .     authorities said the pair who died were related .
nyia parler , 41 , allegedly left her 21-year-old son in woods on monday and traveled to maryland .     on tuesday , she wrote ` i 'm so happy ' on facebook .     allegedly left her disabled son to fend for himself while she traveled for a romantic getaway with new boyfriend .     her son was found under rain-soaked pile of leaves on friday night and police say he would have died if passers-by had n't spotted him .     he was lying on the ground 10 feet from his wheelchair and a bible .     police have said that parler has been admitted to hospital for an ` undisclosed condition '     she will face extradition and arrest in pennsylvania on her release .
bobby brown has filed for guardianship over his daughter 's estate .     he has maintained bobbi kristina is awake from her coma .     maternal grandmother cissy houston updated fans clarifying that her grandchild is ` no longer in a medically induced coma '     but cissy explained that her granddaughter is irreversibly brain damaged and unresponsive .     the hospitalised woman 's 46-year-old father told fans at a dallas concert last saturday that ` bobbi is awake . she 's watching me '     on monday , his wife alicia tried to clarify bobby 's statement saying ` she has made it out of icu and opened her eyes '     a source close to the houston family shared that they ` have no idea where bobby is getting his information '     the 22-year-old only child of the late whitney houston was first hospitalized on january 31 after being found face down and unconscious in a bathtub at her georgia home .
robin barton was abandoned behind a santa ana , california , dumpster in november 1989 when he was just four hours old .     now-retired police officer michael buelna found the infant after hearing what he thought were meows coming from the dumpster .     buelna was abandoned as a child , along with his four siblings , by his mother .     he hopes to help barton find his biological mother , sabrina diaz .     barton says he forgives dias and that he was ` blessed with a great family '
5 suspects arrested in attack on kenyan campus , official says .     student tells cnn of smearing herself with blood to escape death .     al-shabaab gunmen opened fire , and 147 people died .
psg defender david luiz had a tough night against barcelona .     the former chelsea player was at fault for both goals his side conceded as they crashed out of the champions league on tuesday .     itv pundit roy keane has expressed his sympathy for luiz .
brendan rodgers needs a positive summer to restore confidence at anfield .     liverpool 's transfer committee under pressure to sign better players .     rodgers now also under scrutiny after being exposed in big matches .
fulton county judge jerry baxter urged defendants to accept sentencing deals on monday or face significantly more time behind bars .     11 former teachers , testing coordinators and other administrators were convicted earlier this month of racketeering after a five-year investigation .     if former administrators accept deals , they would get punishments from one year of weekend jail time and a $ 10,000 fine .     if former teachers and testing coordinators accept deals , they would be given one year of home confinement and a $ 1,000 fine .     evidence of cheating was found in 44 schools across the atlanta school system , with nearly 180 educators involved .     superintendent beverly hall , the alleged ringleader who received up to $ 500,000 in payouts , died of breast cancer as the scandal went to trial .
julian zelizer : hillary clinton has immense political and governmental experience .     he says she needs to make stronger connection to her party 's base .     clinton also needs to convince voters of her authenticity , zelizer says .
patricia ebel , 49 , was arrested on friday after crashing her luxary bmw 5-series into a car that was stopped at an intersection in naples , florida .     she was captured on video staggering as she failed all field-sobriety-tests .     ebel had been driving her 10-year-old grandson in the vehicle after a day at the pool .     she is facing dui charges including driving with a .15 - or-greater blood alcohol content with a minor in the car .
31-year-old reportedly transferred to ashworth hospital , merseyside .     move to high-security psychiatric unit comes after cregan refused food .     killed two men before luring two officers to house with fake 999 call .     fired 32 bullets at fiona bone and nicola hughes and threw a grenade .
warning : graphic content .     justin whittington , 23 , was taken into custody in california on friday .     initially charged with child cruelty , it was dropped to ` endangerment '     on saturday , after his bail went from $ 1m to $ 20,000 , he posted bond .     whittington was ` filmed hitting a toddler in the face so hard that he falls '     he took to facebook on sunday asking for a ` second chance '     asked for his son and wife to be ` left out of this ' as he is ` made to suffer '
pete evans dropped as a celebrity ambassador by food chain sumo salad .     the salad chain are denying this is related to his paleo controversies .     evans ' infant cookbook bubba yum yum : the paleo way was set for release on friday march 13 but was delayed due to health concerns .     it is co-authored with blogger charlotte carr and naturopath helen padarin .     the book is becoming a self-published digital book released this month .
a house in dungog , in nsw 's hunter valley , is filmed being swept away by floodwater .     the footage , taken on a camera phone , shows the house narrowly avoiding power lines as it travels through the wild water .     a local dungog woman described how she had minutes to evacuate from the property .     in another incident , a second house was seen floating on a nearby lake .
closing arguments in the case are set for tuesday .     aaron hernandez is charged with first-degree murder in the killing of odin lloyd .     his defense lawyers made their case on monday .
diane morris , 46 , is engaged to mike holpin - who is father to 40 children .     she has brushed off claims he still uses a dating website to pick up women .     ms morris was ` stunned ' when he revealed he had fathered 40 children .     she claims they have a ` great sex life ' and his womanising days are over .
cheesy slogans could be detrimental to pupils , a researcher claimed .     carl hendrick said glossy notices are often ` reductively misinterpreted '
more than 200 mummified bodies were found in a hidden crypt of the dominican church in the city of vác in hungary during restoration work .     geneticists led by scientists at the university of warwick studied samples from 26 of the bodies and found that eight of them had died of tuberculosis .     they discovered dna of 14 different strains of tb bacteria in the mummies .     analysis showed the strains all descended from a single strain that begun causing infections during the late roman empire between 396ce-470ce .
some 45 per cent of under 30s surveyed said they had painful back or neck .     survey by british chiropractic association showed a 28 per cent yearly rise .     as gadgets get smaller , users lean over them adding pressure on the neck .
russian authorities have cancelled the release of hollywood 's child 44 .     the blockbuster film stars tom hardy , gary oldman and vincent cassel .     it depicts a private investigator attempting to hunt down a serial child killer .     russia 's culture minister accused the film of ` distortion of historical facts '
author martin fletcher claims the devastating blaze was not an accident .     book reveals fires at other businesses owned by or associated with then club chairman stafford heginbotham .     mr fletcher , a survivor of the blaze , says his findings warrant investigation .     an inquiry into fire found it was an accident caused by discarded cigarette .     west yorkshire police will consider any fresh evidence that comes to light .
jennifer pagonis has androgen insensitivity syndrome -lrb- ais -rrb- .     the disorder prevents a womb from growing and causes testes to grow in the abdomen or other unusual places .     pagonis said she always felt different with constant hospital visits but did n't learn the full truth about her condition until a college instructor described the hormone syndrome one day during class .     pagonis now uses the first name ` pidgeon , ' does n't identify as female or male and works as an artist and intersex activist against surgery .
designs made from real gold were shown on the catwalk in xi'an china .     models strutted their stuff in underwear and a shirt made from gold .     the items cost around # 40,000 each but are not intended for sale .
the two-month-old baby seal came up for a hug on antarctic peninsula .     despite being a pup , the seal is believed to have weighed 200lbs .     adorable cuddle caught on camera by canadian tourists .
donald graham , 62 , murdered his wealthy heiress lover for her money .     property developer janet brown 's body has never been found .     he was jailed for life for the murder which was motivated by greed .     graham stole more than # 800,000 from ms brown to fund his love of supercars and a lavish lifestyle - but has been ordered to pay back just # 1 .
roscoe was caught on camera this week at the asheville humane society in north carolina taking some of his first steps .     the rescue pup was born with a deformity which caused his front to legs to be bent backwards at the knees .
dane bouris was charged with the alleged assault of his model girlfriend .     the 33-year-old was arrested at his watsons bay home - in sydney 's east .     he appeared in waverley court on tuesday and pleaded not guilty .     bouris is the son of businessman and the apprentice host mark bouris .
the city with most multimillionaires in africa is johannesburg .     however a crop of new pretenders have been expanding their millionaire count .
there are now more people of faith who favor marriage equality than stand against it , according to a new poll .     if the u.s. supreme court has been paying attention , it likely saw this trend coming .
the pooch has the eyes of a beagle and an english bulldog 's tough hair .     the dog , voted for across the country , was created by veterinary company .     revealed londoners like small dogs and great danes loved in east anglia .
29 elephants currently live at the circus sanctuary , and 13 more will join by 2018 .     the expansion comes after ringling bros. said it would stop using elephants in circus .     $ 65,000 worth of care annually includes pedicures , stretching and tons -- literally -- of food .
tim sherwood took time to reply to aston villa fan charlie pye .     the six-year-old applied for the villa job when paul lambert was sacked .     aston villa face liverpool at wembley on sunday .
listeria concerns have led to thousands of classic hummus containers being part of a voluntary recall , sabra dipping co. said monday .     recalls started after random sample taken by food inspectors in michigan tested positive for listeria on march 30 .     sabra dipping co. said that customers will be refunded if they return the products to stores .     for questions about the recall , call sabra , 9am to 5pm , monday through friday at : 888-957-2272 .
rapper lil wayne not injured after shots fired at his tour bus on an atlanta interstate , police say .     no one has been arrested in the shooting .
matt stopera 's iphone was stolen in a new york bar .     eventually he started seeing pictures on his new phone of a guy posing with an orange tree .     after writing about it online , netizens in china managed to track him down .     ` brother orange ' then invited him to the country and the two met up .
david beckham has come third in a poll of most stylish brits .     audrey hepburn scooped the top prize and princess diana came second .     bizarrely , queen elizabeth i featured at number six .
iron man-style arm and hand was built by laser expert patrick priebe .     it fires beams from the back of the wrist or from the wearer 's palm .     in a video , the contraption is shown popping balloons and lighting matches .     gadget is powered by lithium-ion cells and can be ordered from mr priebe .
jailed millionaire arrested in march for ` gun and marijuana possession '     on thursday , a louisiana state judge threw out the case .     lawyers believe he will win federal case with similar charges .     durst is also charged with murder in california .
authors warn president obama must be clear about radical islam threat .     al qaeda still a looming threat , they say .
ukip leader said ` millions ' of refugees could arrive on boats in europe .     he said britain could only take ' a few thousand ' refugees but no more .     up to 950 refugees drowned trying to reach italy on saturday .     boris johnson called on the pm to send the sas to libya to solve crisis .
todd larson , 55 , of taylorsville , utah claims delta a1 aircraft flew over his home dropping ice chunk smashing his dodge challenger 's windshield .     he paid $ 4,000 in repairs and wants the airline to ` admit its fault '     mr larson said faa did an investigation and found that at the time of the incident an aircraft matched within two minutes that was overhead .
david lammy said the snp was a party labour could ` do business with '     admission comes amid increasingly stark warnings over threat of snp .     polls suggest the party is on course to win up to 50 seats on may 7 .     john major will today warn that britain faces a ` daily dose of blackmail '
now outdoor space is more commonly used to store hot tubs , say experts .     only traditional flowers still grow in english country gardens as a result .     most only contains four species - daffodils , crocuses , roses and tulips .
residents at hebrew care home in new york are woken by video recordings from loved ones to help ease their confusion and agitation .     idea was inspired by the 2004 film 50 first dates starring adam sandler .     experiment will be evaluated next month but results are ` very positive '
the 90-condo holiday home building in westhampton collapsed at around 3pm on wednesday .     twelve fire teams were deployed to fight the blaze but could only battle it from the outside , it lasted past 8pm .     the fire was so intense it melted the paint off buildings in the vicinity and sent smoke up three miles high .     nobody was hurt in the fire . the sandpiper complex is open between may and november .
a new york city woman caught a man robbing her apartment after he was captured on her cat camera .     the woman is now thrilled she purchased the $ 200 device and has handed the video over to police .     the thief took her laptop , jewelry and a digital camera .
jackie mcnamara 's dundee united have lost their last five games .     united 's last defeat came against rivals dundee on wednesday .     goalkeeper radoslaw cierzniak tipped his side to win treble in january .     fans believe mcnamara 's position at the club is ` untenable '
buckingham palace guard slipped and fell in front of hundreds of tourists .     thought to have stumbled on manhole cover during changing of the guard .     embarrassed young soldier ended up on the floor still clutching his rifle .     unfortunately for him the entire incident was caught on tourist 's camera .
vice president joe biden swore in lynch on monday .     she was a new york city federal prosecutor with a reputation for being hard-nosed and tough .     she said her senate confirmation showed that ` we can do anything '     pledged to deal with cyberattacks and other threats facing the us .
us network hbo has pledged to cut off aussies who access their shows .     hbo has warned users via email they will deactivate accounts on april 21 .     the service offers popular tv shows including games of thrones and girls .     hundreds who use getflix , unlock.us or unotelly will be affected .
stephen a. smith said floyd mayweather jr 's boxing career should be looked at as separate from his domestic violence history .     mayweather has been convicted twice for domestic violence in the past .     smith said that people are ` lumping all of this other stuff that floyd mayweather allegedly has done ' , which sheds a bad light on him .     co-anchor cari champion said she has ` an issue with how he treats women period outside the ring '     smith said she holds that position because she 's a woman and that as a boxing fan , he looks at ` two dudes strictly in the boxing ring '
andy lee defends the world title he won against matt korobov last year .     the irishman has had a renaissance working under adam booth .     but lee faces a tough challenge in unbeaten former champion peter quillin .     lee insists he is ready for whatever ` kid chocolate ' can throw at him .
powers appeared in the final season of the long-running sitcom .     he played the husband of main character thelma .     powers died april 6 at his home in new bedford , massachusetts at the age of 64 . his family have not revealed the cause of death .
an artist apologizes for his lucille ball statue .     in a public letter , the sculptor offers to pay for fixes to the statue .     the mayor says he 's not interested in having the original artist work on the statue .
foreign gps now account for 1 in 5 family doctors , new nhs figures show .     in some areas such as essex , the proportion is more than two thirds .     number will continue to rise due to shortage of home-grown gps .
it took penalties , but holders bayern munich progressed to the semi-finals .     manuel neuer and thiago alcantara starred as they won the shootout .     alcantara was lucky to still be on the pitch after making a nasty challenge .     robert lewandowski also had a legitimate goal mistakenly ruled out .
green party activists have been told to dress in ` mainstream ' fashion .     a manual for the party 's supporters urges them to appear ` level headed '     the advice has been distributed among green campaigners in london .     provides stock answers to ease voters ' concerns about their radical plans .
championship top eight separated by just nine points with game to go .     three teams will be promoted to the premier league , with five missing out .     sportsmail picks out eight players who should be in the premier league next season whether their club is promoted or not .     we have also compiled a composite xi made up from the eight teams .
pilot program allows students at one of sydney 's most prestigious schools to bypass the higher school certificate and attend sydney university .     successful completion of the 17-week guarantees scot 's college students a place in a number of undergraduate courses , including law .     state education minister adrian piccoli has called this shortcut ` unfair '     tuition , sporting and curriculum-related fees at the college reportedly topped $ 30,000 per year in 2013 .     opposition minister luke foley concerned this will impact success of hsc .     ` education should be open to all , not just those who can afford it , ' national union of students spokeswoman tells daily mail australia .
pippa is said to have bought biodegradable nappies in switzerland .     buggy lights have white forward and red rear facing lights - just like a car .     self-warming bottle means new mums do n't even need to get out of bed .
southampton have seen several of their best players leave in recent years .     nathaniel clyne looks set to be the next to move on from st mary 's .     manchester united have been linked with a move for the right back .     saints boss ronald koeman admits it will be difficult to keep him .
the yankee stadium signage was bought by hall of famer reggie jackson when the stadium was shuttered in 2008 for an undisclosed sum .     before the auction , jackson had promised to fly out himself to see the letters at the winner 's home .
the armed robbery took place at a service station in watervale on monday .     a man dressed in female clothing strolled into the store at 7.30 pm .     he walked to the counter and produced a fake machine gun from a bag .     staff member handed over the cash which the robber placed in the bag .     other customers were in the store , however no one was injured .
willingness to learn is significantly influence by our genes .     study was by goldsmiths university in london and ohio state university .     more than 13,000 twins aged nine to 16 took part in the research .     but there is no specific gene for how much children enjoy learning .
tania watts has spoken of the ` hell ' she has endured since bristol murder .     becky went missing in february and her body parts were found weeks later .     her stepbrother nathan matthews , 28 , has been charged with killing her .     mr matthews is the son of anje galsworthy , who appeared in appeal videos .
sean heslop has been questioned by detectives over the allegations .     he has been suspended from the academies in folkestone and ramsgate .     the governors confirmed a confidential investigation has been launched .     mr heslop has been released on police bail until july 30 .
comedian ricky gervais led an online charge against rebecca francis .     the brit shared a picture of the grandmother lying next to her ` trophy '     caused to an online backlash against francis - with 14,543 retweeting post .     francis is proud of hunting and hopes to inspire more women to take part .
martin odegaard may make real madrid debut after being named in squad .     iker casillas also on the bench for the european champions .     madrid hope to narrow five point-gap to barcelona at top of la liga .     clash against almeria at the bernabeu will kick off at 7pm .
loren mathieson filmed her dog performing the gravity-defying stunt one day at home after he tried on a set of new booties .     footage shows him taking a few steps forwards before planting down his front feet and launching his back legs vertically in the air .
mother and autistic son face deportation to philippines when their visa expires today .     maria sevilla and her son tyrone have lived in australia since 2007 but have been told they need to leave due to tyrone 's autism .     tyrone has designed a poster asking the immigration minister if he could stay in the country and hand-delivered it to the minister 's office .     the family live in queensland where maria sevilla is a nurse at townsville hospital .
albino men and women continue to be hunted for their body parts in africa .     malawi police have been ordered to shoot anyone caught attacking albinos .     tanzania pm previously urged citizens to kill those caught with body parts .     in nearby burundi , youngsters are being housed in special accommodation .
australian idol winner spoke out about her battle with mental health .     dabbled in ` drugs ' to mask her crippling depression after gaining weight .     at her heaviest , the now 29-year-old weighed 127.5 kgs .     lost 68kgs after having gastric sleeve surgery in may 2012 .
after splitting with prince harry last spring , cressida is happier than ever .     will star alongside judi dench and cara delevingne in upcoming film .     claims rumors she was engaged to marry the prince were just ` noise '
licensing system for new agents was due to change on april 1 .     new rules allow anybody to become a football agent .     mel stein warns that new regulations will ` create anarchy '
woman charged with assault after attacking 16-year-old mcdonald 's worker .     amy johnson , 38 , said the fries had fallen out of their containers .     mcdonald 's worker used her hands to put them back in the packet .     johnson ordered new ones and grew angry , going inside the store .     police have said johnson aggressively grabbed the teen around the neck .     she stayed silent through today 's court proceedings and did n't enter a plea .     she spoke outside court saying the teenager called her a ` dog '
lewis hamilton and nico rosberg will renew their rivalry in bahrain .     the mercedes pair had argued in the aftermath of the chinese grand prix .     hamilton , though , has dismissed mind games and is focused on the next race .
richard dunne and rio ferdinand remain out for queens park rangers .     yun suk-young also absent with concussion for west london derby .     chelsea without diego costa due to hamstring injury .     cesc fabregas will play with protective face mask for the blues .
students who shared an ipad scored around 30 points higher on the test .     courtney blackwell worked with 352 students in america for the research .
australia 's favourite rock star-turned-politician peter garrett has put his family 's sydney home on the market .     he is hoping the stunning terrace in randwick in sydney 's east will be auctioned off for at least $ 1.05 million .     as to be expected the 193 centimetre rockstar 's home boasts beautiful high ceilings .     he bought the property in 2010 whilst he was a federal minister for $ 932k . he also owns a mittagong property .
`` vampire diaries '' star nina dobrev announces she 's leaving the show .     `` nothing will be the same again , '' fans say .
daily mail online spoke to ten students at kirkwood community college 's satellite campus in rural iowa where hillary clinton will be tuesday .     one student is among those picked by teachers to question the former secretary of state .     he wants her to comment on his suspicion about immigration reform -- that democrats are pushing the policy because they need new loyal voters .     another predicted that ` she 's going to be , like , talking s ** t ' and would ` push some emotional thing on us '     a third said clinton ` seems like , kinda like a control freak '     one more said ' i hope people do n't vote for her just because she 's a woman '     school has cancelled many classes tuesday to accommodate clinton , the secret service and the press hordes expected to show up .
marianne power tried the tuning fork facial at hale clinic in london .     utilises tuning forks that make different pitched sounds when struck .     says afterwards her skin looks plumper and pink , rather than white .
ivy nightclub has come under fire for playing music during anzac day service .     irate crowds who attended the service said the loud dance music interrupted the service at least five times .     the club has blamed a contractor who was preparing for an event at the club later today .     a spokesman for the club said the contractor was ` immediately terminated this morning '
jin pai was standing on rim of a toilet in hefei xinqiao international airport .     the porcelain toilet then tipped over and shattered on the floor .     the 35-year-old is left with deep cuts to his leg and buttocks .
the boy named gabriel holds his hands up to the bear 's paws .     bear follows him from left to right and rubs up against glass .     later in the video the brown bear attempts to bite the youngster .
lusitanian toadfish lives in the mediterranean sea and atlantic ocean .     attracts mates by singing various songs , which also warn off rivals .     songs tell others how large the fish is and how strong and healthy it is .
pamela clothier was admitted to hospital for a short stint last year .     the 92-year-old returned home to find her belongings had been cleared .     was told by age uk her son had given them instruction to empty house .     she was left heartbroken after her dog , mitzy , was taken and re-homed .
bryan stow was beaten outside the la dodgers stadium in march 2011 .     he was kept in a medically induced coma for several months .     he was later awarded $ 18 million damages against the la dodgers .     two men were jailed for eight and four years for the brutal attack .
anjelica ` aj ' hadsell , 18 , has been missing since march 2 , when she was home in norfolk while on spring break from longwood university .     her stepgrandmother says police are n't doing enough to find aj and that her son was unjustly arrested while pursuing his own investigation .     aj 's stepdad wesley hadsell has been in jail since breaking into a home he says is connected to the crime .     mr. hadsell is awaiting a hearing on four charges of obstructing justice , a charge of possessing ammunition after a felony and breaking and entering .
aston villa face fellow relegation fighters qpr at villa park on tuesday .     villa manager tim sherwood says his players must dig deep to win .     sherwood labelled his stars ` icing on the cake players ' on monday .
channel 7 were left red faced after letting a rude name appear on screen .     a donation for $ 32.38 earned hugh . g rection some screen time .     twitter users were quick to identify the on-screen blunder .     the telethon appeal for the royal children 's hospital saw a record breaking number of donations .
molly schuyler scarfed down three 72-ounce steaks sunday in amarillo , texas .     the sacramento woman , 35 , is a professional on the competitive-eating circuit .
middlesbrough started the day top of the championship on 75 points .     troy deeney opened the score before odion ighalo 's brilliant strike .     watford end the day in third place after bournemouth and norwich win .
instinct to avoid arachnids developed as evolutionary response to threat .     scientists say it could mean arachnophobia represents survival instinct .     could date back to early human evolution in africa , where spiders with very strong venom existed millions of years ago .
dr. anthony j. moschetto allegedly had the office of another doctor torched and tried to have the doctor hurt or killed .     moschetto allegedly hired an undercover cop in a failed attempt to carry out his biddings .     investigators who went to moschetto 's home in long island found a secret gun room accessible through a motarized bookshelf .     ` he had enough weapons to provide a small army means to wreak harm , ' said police commissioner thomas krumpter .     moschetto faces a maximum sentence of eight to 25 years in prison .
farhina touseef travels the country administering the free vaccine to kids .     the taliban has labelled it a ` bio-weapon ' and attacks those who supply it .     polio , which was once almost eradicated in pakistan , is on the rise again .
the iron throne was forged from 200 swords melted by dragon breath .     california 's loo version was built by prop makers using plywood .     it was presented to game of thrones superfan john giovanazzi .     the incredible loo was then installed in his bar in glendale , california .
churchill was meeting allied wwii leaders for a reunion party in london .     former pm appears to nod off while sat next to us president eisenhower .     lord alan brooke wakes up churchill , then 84 , who looks a little sheepish .     never-before-seen photographs will go on auction in the us this month .
youtube user serpentor filmed his feline friend in action .     footage shows the tabby producing bizarre noises as she is petted .
jamal al-labani is believed to be the first american killed in current violence in yemen .     he was on his way back from mosque prayers when he was hit in the back by shrapnel , his family said .     he went to yemen in february in hopes of bringing his wife and baby back to the u.s.
jody marson is prison guard who had alleged affair with kieran loveridge .     ms marson is from port macquarie on new south wales ' mid-north coast .     the 30-year-old was suspended when alleged relationship was discovered .     ms marson is a fitness enthusiastic who competes in ironwoman events .     loveridge is serving 12 years for killing thomas king in sydney in 2012 .     he was moved to goulburn supermax prison when he assaulted an inmate .
ben powers joined the cast of `` good times '' for its sixth and final season .     he played thelma 's husband keith anderson .
lyndey milan created easter lunch recipes for $ 6 per person from aldi .     home cook icon trawled supermarket aisles to find inspiration for recipes .     result of experiment include greek lamb and herb crusted salmon dishes .     hot cross bun and easter egg bread & butter pudding came in at just $ 2 a person and lyndey says it is sure to be a crowd pleaser .
johannes stoetter 's artwork features two carefully painted female models .     the 37-year-old has previously transformed models into frogs and parrots .     daubed water-based body paint on naked models to create the effect .     completing the deception , models rested on bench painted to match skin .
melanie and vanessa iris roy , of charlotte , north carolina , have both always wanted to be mothers .     they decided to have family together and that each would carry a child , with vanessa giving birth to son jax in 2014 .     melanie then became pregnant and the women welcomed their daughter , ero , months later .     couple documented the experience and shared the photos of how they created their new family on instagram .
nba 's all-time leading scorer had quadruple coronary bypass surgery .     six-time league champion admitted this week with cardiovascular disease .     surgery was a success and 68-year-old is expected to make a full recovery .     abdul-jabbar was diagnosed with chronic myeloid leukemia in 2008 .     appointed as us cultural ambassador by hillary rodham clinton in 2012 .
sandra mathis , 52 , charged with murder for allegedly stabbing 48-year-old husband multiple times after argument .     mathis was caught on camera weeping with blood on her face as she was being handcuffed .     couple , who had problems with alcohol , lived in makeshift camp under a bridge in san diego .
joko widodo 's chief political rival promised to support clemency .     prabowo subianto twice privately assured mr joko there would be no political consequences if the bali nine ringleaders were reprieved .     andrew chan and myuran sukumaran were killed on wednesday morning .
digital delivery of music caught up with physical formats like cds .     overall global sales of $ 14.97 billion fell marginally from 2013 .     massive piracy problems in china one of biggest problems facing industry .     vinyl sales now account for 2 % of revenues .
huang funeng , 80 , lost his sight to degenerative eye condition .     wei guiyi , 76 , struggles with osteoporosis but leads him on daily walks .     couple have become online hit after pictures emerged of their ` true love '
the type of plane used for a jaw-dropping stunt in `` furious 7 '' is 60 years old .     lockheed 's c-130 hercules is the longest continuously produced military plane in history .     c-130 factory in georgia celebrates the flight of the first c-130 production model .
the contestant stormed off the show last august after dessert meltdown .     this easter has seen traditional simnel cake overtake hot cross buns .     the irish baker has given cake modern update with pistachios and figs .
called the ` mediterranean-dash intervention for neurodegenerative delay '     diet even reduces alzheimer 's risk by 35 % if not meticulously followed .     includes 10 healthy food groups like fish , poultry , olive oil , beans and nuts .     involves avoiding unhealthy brain foods like cheese , butter and sweets .
the average cost of the big day has hit # 25,000 .     asos , monsoon and debenhams offering bridal and bridesmaid gowns .     femail pits high-street offerings with designer dresses .
the group called slide christchurch took on new zealand 's baldwin street .     the footage was captured by spectators and on a rider 's helmet camera .     one of the riders believes the group reached speeds of more than 60mph .
lisa courtney holds the guinness world record for largest collection .     the 26-year-old started amassing the items after being bullied aged nine .     spends seven hours a week surfing the internet looking for new characters .     vast hoard ranges from cuddly toys to cornflakes made in japan .
oxford won their 12th women 's boat race in 16 years .     the dark blues triumphed by six and a half lengths .     it was the first time the women 's race has been raced over the same course and on the same day as the men 's event .
amnesty international releases its annual review of the death penalty worldwide ; much of it makes for grim reading .     salil shetty : countries that use executions to deal with problems are on the wrong side of history .
raheem sterling said he was not ready to sign a new liverpool contract .     fans mantra at liverpool is that no player is bigger than the club .     liverpool fans have grown frustrated with the ongoing situation .     read : rodgers insists sterling will not leave liverpool this summer .     sterling is not being disloyal in postponing contract talks , says pfa chief .     click here for all the latest liverpool news .
anuradha koirala and 425 young women and girls have been sleeping outdoors because of aftershocks .     pushpa basnet and 45 children she cares for were forced to evacuate their residence .     seven other cnn heroes and their organizations now assisting in relief efforts .
women spend # 18,000 on products for the face in one lifetime .     many women make common mistakes , leaving products redundant .     femail calls on top dermatologists to dispel myths and share tips .
unnamed man was found dead from an apparent self-inflicted wound around 5 p.m. on sunday .     incident happened near the buffet at the m resort spa and casino in henderson , nevada .     witness describe hearing a large boom and then seeing a man lying on the ground with a pool of blood surrounding his salt-and-pepper hair .     a car fire was reported at the same time in the parking garage , and police are investigating if the two incidents are related .
jenson button was set to start from the back of the grid after mechanical failure in qualifying .     despite frantic work from mclaren mechanics , they were unable to get his car on to the grid leaving button to watch from the sidelines .     it was only the third race of the last 272 staged that he has missed .
hector morejon was shot by a long beach , california , police officer .     officer allegedly thought the 19-year-old was pointing a gun at him during a trespassing and vandalism incident .     his mother heard shots and ran to scene , then she saw her son in an ambulance .
david billing , 48 , diagnosed with cancer after being left unable to swallow .     had 14-hour surgery during which doctors sawed through his jawbone .     needed new tongue created from arm skin , which allowed him to talk .     but skin still has hairs on it , meaning he now needs to shave his mouth .
david rylance , 47 , stole thousands of pounds from his own dying mother .     dying pensioner margaret rylance was suffering from alzheimer 's disease .     she noticed money was missing but concerns were put down to condition .     her son was jailed for two years and three months for stealing # 52,000 .
footage shows three-year-old luiz antonio from brazil being presented with a fanciful dish of octopus gnocchi at the dinner table .     but instead of digging into the seafood feast he starts asking about where the tentacled creature set before him came from .     english subtitles detail his train of thought .     his mother is reduced to tears through laughter as she listens .
audrey alexander wanted her neighbours to chop down their huge hedge .     she claims the 40ft leylandii was blocking sunlight from reaching her home .     feud started in 1980 when it blocked light from reaching a vegetable patch .     council finally rules that the hedge can stay - but must be cut back to 20ft .
70,000 people gathered in nashville for the annual convention .     leaders celebrated the republican majority in the u.s. congress .     but they warned obama is ` dismantling freedom ' and clinton would too .
oscar hernandez jr has pleaded guilty to transporting firearms , obstruction of justice , lying to a federal grand jury and witness tampering .     confessed to shipping aaron hernandez three weapons a month before odin lloyd 's killing june 2013 .     hernandez jr said he was blinded by new england patriot 's fame and ` grateful to be noticed '     aaron hernandez has been convicted of first-degree murder and sentenced to life in prison without parole .
jeff dubois of kiro was stung during broadcast from site of crash .     he and his cameraman were stung dozens of times by bees .     beekeepers moved in to try and save as many bees as they could .
powerful 7.8 magnitude earthquake caused an avalanche on mount everest .     at least 18 people have died and more than 30 injured on the mountain .     there are reports the avalanche has buried people in tents at base camp .     the earthquake - nepal 's worst in 81 years - has killed at more than 1,300 .
foreign minister julie bishop attracted criticism and applause for move .     views on social media were mixed about respecting local custom .     opposition leader bill shorten supported bishop 's decision .
his blue origin company completed a successful test in west texas .     the new shepard vehicle rose to a height of 58 miles before landing .     it was unmanned but will ultimately take six people into space .     the launch was conducted in secrecy before being released to the public .
liverpool are taking action against fan stephen dodd who photographed asif bodi and abubakar bhula praying at anfield last month .     dodd captioned the photo : ` muslims praying at half time #disgrace '     kaka famously displayed a ' i belong to jesus ' vest after ac milan 's champions league win against liverpool in 2007 .     bubba watson and webb simpson are part of a pga tour bible group .     religion in sport only becomes a topic when it is someone else 's religion .
cctv shows a man fall while walking along philadelphia platform .     bystanders jump back in shock , but one instinctively leaps after him .     good samaritan pushes the fallen man onto the platform then jumps up .
millwall won their relegation six-pointer with 2-0 victory over wigan .     latics substitute martyn waghorn was sent off for senseless kick .     nadjim abdou scored the opening goal for the lions on 74minutes .     visitors were reduced to nine-men when james pearson was sent off for fighting along with millwall 's ed upson .     another substitute magaye gueye sealed victory with an injury time strike .
comedian maria mcerlane travelled with buddy doon mackichan .     the pair swam morning , noon and night in the andaman sea .     serenaded by macaques and dusky leaf monkeys .
everton beat southamton 1-0 at goodison park on saturday afternoon .     ross barkley showed his skill but made an error that saw the crowd groan .     team-mate james mccarthy is confident he can deal with the pressure .
wigan exact revenge on st helens in super league grand-final rematch .     warriors come out on top in tense clash at sell-out dw stadium .
headteacher linda shute has banned tea , coffee , fruit juice and soft drinks .     pupils at rowdown primary school in new addington can only drink water .     but outraged parents have launched a campaign to overturn the decision .     they claim children are going all day without a drink because they do n't like water .
third-grade teacher cheryl heineman , 45 , accused of selling narcotics to undercover officer with her 20-year-old lover , jack lindsey .     couple were arrested wednesday after six-week investigation sparked by tip from informant .     heineman and lindsey allegedly had been peddling xanax , acid , ecstasy , and various prescription painkillers .     veteran teacher is married and has three sons .
london mayor praised the coalition for having kept down unemployment .     he said creation of more jobs was ` one of moral triumphs ' of government .     comments will be seen as attempt to position himself as future party leader .
caroline wozniacki played tennis with us president barack obama as part of the #gimmegive campaign at the annual easter egg roll .     the campaign aimed at promoting more active and healthy lifestyles among american people involved several celebrities .     the event was broadcast on the popular american talk show live ! with kelly and michael .
tulsa county sheriff 's office reserve deputy robert bates faces a charge of second-degree manslaughter for the april 2 shooting of eric harris .     in an interview on the today show on friday , he described his shock and remorse at the shooting and how he never intended to kill anyone .     he demonstrated that he kept his taser near his chest and his gun on his right side - but insisted the mix-up could have happened to anyone .     bates said he had completed all proper training and was not allowed to ` play cop ' just because he had donated equipment to the sheriff 's office .
next has overtaken marks & spencer on profits .     retailer has a vast line in designer copies selling for a fraction of the price .     include looky-likey mulberry bayswater tote and victoria beckham dress .
st patrick 's parish in wisconsin said its four-decade tradition , original pig rassle , will be replaced with human mud foosball this summer .     global conversation group started online petition last august to cancel event claiming it was inhumane ; it collected more than 81,000 signatures .     the group said they are ` very proud of the church for doing what 's right ' and consider this a huge step for animal welfare .
balls said he would not make ` unfunded and uncosted commitments '     tories have promised to give the nhs an extra # 8billion a year by 2020 .     nhs chief simon stevens said the extra cash is needed just to stand still .     balls insisted labour can be trusted to give the nhs what it needs .
severe storms swept north and central texas sunday evening .     at least five tornadoes were spotted - some as close as just 25 miles from fort worth .     baseball size hail and high winds also battered the region .
pooch mavis was brought to arlington park in mobile sometime last weekend by her owner for a fishing trip .     mavis was reportedly close to the park 's boat launch as an alligator attacked her and came out of the water .     mavis was viewed as a ` neighborhood dog ' in mobile 's midtown section .     local resident nicole lavirriere has said of mavis ' i think she 's like the norm of `` cheers '' '
the show entitled the seven year switch is an eight episode series in which couples live , eat , and even sleep with a new significant other .     the show 's concept is based on the idea that after seven years of marriage , spouses often become restless and regret their decision to wed .     after the switch is complete the couples will be able to decide whether or not they want to stay together or be with someone else .
alexandra allen , 17 , from utah suffers with the condition aquagenic urticaria , which is so rare it affects just 35 people in the whole world .     admitted to hospital with internal bleeding and painful joints , and unable to breathe after a trip to flaming gorge which has water activities .
said he can relate to ` fear a parent has when your four-year-old daughter comes up to you and says , `` daddy , i 'm having trouble breathing '' '     health scare resulted in a single trip to the emergency room for malia - who at the age of 16 now lives an active life , inhaler free .     but other children are n't so fortunate ; they they find themselves in and out the emergency room several times a year , he said .     white house says higher temperatures lead to increases in wildfires , which send allergy-causing particulates into the air that can lead to greater and more serious incidents of asthma .     new initiative aimed at slowing the pace of global warming puts front and center the personal cost of inaction .
the revised indictment is released monday .     dilkhayot kasimov is charged with two counts of providing support to a foreign terrorist organization .     three other men have also been charged in the plot and pleaded not guilty .
horse and carriage drained the customer 's account of # 20,000 .     the live-in tailor was demanded to make ski and apres ski outfits .     this came at a cost of # 1700 for the extremely wealthy skiers .     another group of guests asked for two grand pianos to be flown in .     demands were made to high-end firms haute montagne and bramble ski .
leeds teenager moves to london broncos until end of the season .     the 19-year-old has made six sub appearances in super league .
surveillance cameras caught the thief taking $ 9,000 out of the account of kate sullivan at banks in long island , new york on september 23 , 2014 .     sullivan was informed of the fraud while fighting for her life at memorial sloan kettering cancer center in new york . she died five days later .     the 50-year-old had worked as a marketing executive for fashion designers kimora lee simmons and diane von furstenberg .
rupert brooke 's poem the soldier made him famous throughout england .     he died aged 27 from blood poisoning while en route to gallipoli .     in 2000 , love letters between brookes and phyllis gardner were discovered .     it was then , 85 years after his death , that their love affair was revealed .
nypd officers shot dead a suspect as he fled from the scene of a crime and opened fire wednesday night .     this after they received a call reporting shots fired at a bar .     a weapon was recovered , and no officers were injured .
edinson cavani pays visit to local animal zoo day after camp nou defeat .     psg striker was virtually anonymous in both legs against barcelona .     cavani has been linked with a move to manchester united this summer .
five people were hospitalised following a crash on the central coast , nsw .     the 17-year-old driver was travelling with four other people on thursday .     emergency services were called after a car collided head-on into a wall .     the driver had apparently received her p 's on the same day of the accident .     it is understood five people were in the mitsubishi lancer sedan .     the driver and a female were taken to hospital in a serious condition .     while three other passengers were taken to hospital in a stable condition .
french owned sovetours coach turned back from boarding ferry in devon .     bus full of tourists had wanted to cross the river dart in dartmouth .     ferry bosses say coach was too big to be allowed to cross river .     coach driver forced to perform u-turn on slippery narrow slipway .
the critically acclaimed `` daredevil '' will be back for season 2 .     charlie cox plays a blind attorney by day who is a superhero by night .
most of those released were women and children .     freed yazidis sent to capital of iraq 's kurdish region .
emilia clarke who plays daenerys targaryen will be central to series five .     female characters seem to outlive their male counterparts on the show .     last season saw several of the main male characters murdered horribly .     despite the carnage , kit harington , who plays jon snow is in series five .
new line cinema is reportedly planning a mariah carey christmas movie .     carey was queen of the '90s , and that decade is totally hot now .
nikki balovich took off her ring when she was pregnant with swollen fingers .     suspected their 90lb mastiff puppy , halli , had swallowed it .     four months later it was returned by a stranger who found it in excrement at local field they walk in .
the video was created by washington-based american chemical society .     it reveals three ` hacks ' to tackle stains on windows , carpets and counters .     and shows the science behind why gin removes red wine stains and why spit removes food stains on hard surfaces .
judge george o'toole told jurors in the boston marathon bombing case they are not to attend this year 's race or related events .     the race takes place next monday , april 20 , and marks two years since dzhokhar tsarnaev and his brother planted two bombs at the finish line .     this as the the sentencing phase of the trial , in which witnesses will again be called to the stand , is expected begin next week and to take four weeks .     tsarnaev faces either life in prison or the death penalty .
green party leader flounders again in interview about her own policies .     set out plans for ` citizens income ' paid to every adult in the country .     forced to admit it would take ` decades ' to implement expensive plan .     embarrassment at end of interview when she is called ` caroline lucas '
nicky buckley has released a tell-all memoir of her life .     the book shares a candid insight into her career-defining moments .     a whole chapter is dedicated to when she revealed her baby bump on tv .     buckley now shares how she dealt with the abuse she faced being a pregnant presenter .
mother akon guode was released from police custody on thursday night .     she crashed 4wd into melbourne lake just before 4pm on wednesday .     her three young children died and another is now recovering in hospital .     children 's father says ms guode ` did n't feel herself ' as she was driving .     ms guode reunited with her daughter , aluel , on friday night .
the whale , varvara , swam a round trip from russia to mexico , nearly 14,000 miles .     the previous record was set by a humpback whale that migrated more than 10,000 miles .
erica avery , 17 , was cuffed and hauled out of a broward county , florida courtroom after being accused of using the internet on tuesday .     she was taken into custody barely a month after making $ 100,000 bond on charges she aided in the rape of a friend in 2013 .     she and four other teens are charged with armed sexual battery and kidnapping in connection with the assault on a victim in hollywood .
enigmatic app is the brainchild of a developer in athens , greece .     it has a black screen with fiendish clues and no hints or images at all .     about 10 % of players so far have completed the app 's 50 levels .     equally mysterious episode two of none * is expected this summer .
craig lister , 54 , from watford , is on hormone therapy for prostate cancer .     this starves cancer cells by reducing levels of testosterone in the body .     one side-effect is hot flushes : ' i have about ten to 12 flushes a day '
sir frank kitson , 88 , accused in 1973 case of patrick eugene heenan , 47 .     first time a retired senior officer has been personally sued over troubles .     but sir frank claims he was not even serving in northern ireland at time .     mr heenan died when paramilitaries threw grenade at bus carrying him .
some 1,500 migrants were rescued by coast guards in 24 hours .     the migrants were picked up from five boats in the mediterranean .     arrivals are up 43 per cent this year versus same period in 2014 .
clint chadbourne , 71 , was headed home to portland when he got trapped .     his wife bonnie and daughter kelly captured the whole thing on video .     man did n't panic but became increasingly agitated at family 's laughter .     the chadbournes were able to free clint and posted video on facebook .
dubbed a hydrafacial , the treatment is currently available in new york .     key ingredient is stem cells from an infant 's foreskin .     beauty writer who had it said her skin glowed like j-lo 's .
scott mayhew was working on his car when it fell off its jack crushing him .     wife nicole was at work when she felt a ` funny feeling ' husband needed her .     rushed home to find mr mayhew in a great deal of pain under the vehicle .     she believes it was divine intervention that told her to return and save him .
sean crawford has been criticised for using dead animals in his sculptures .     his interest in taxidermy started through hunting on his farm as a child .     all the animals used were killed in new zealand as a part of pest control .     his work is currently on display at traffic jam galleries in neutral bay .     museum curators said his work is being received well in australia .
austin carey and jay rawe were involved in near-fatal base jump last year .     the jump from perrine bridge went wrong and the pair spiraled 500ft down .     men suffered fractured vertebrae and mr carey was told he may never walk again because of the severity of his injuries from the jump .     both miraculously recovered and have returned to the sport - mr carey back to the site of the near-fatal jump almost a year after the accident .
hayleigh mcbay , from elgin , scotland , dumped her boyfriend as a joke .     but when 17-year-old told david clarke , he replied that he was pleased .     david was actually calling hayleigh 's bluff and the pair are still dating .     screenshot tweet of conversation retweeted more than 12,000 times .
bullish brendan rodgers says he is the man to take liverpool forward .     his time at the club is under scrutiny after fa cup semi-final defeat .     liverpool can hit back with victory at west brom on saturday .     jordan henderson ` over the moon ' after signing new liverpool contract .     man united and liverpool target memphis depay holds talks with psg .
chair was on first class deck when ship hit an iceberg in april 1912 .     mackay-bennett crew members found it while clearing up the wreck .     owned for last 15 years by english collector and will be auctioned on april 18 .
rolando aarons was in contention to play for under 21s on wednesday .     the 19-year-old newcastle midfielder has suffered another injury setback .     the magpies have lost their last five barclays premier league matches .
ukip leader discusses childhood , his father leaving home and cancer .     insists he will never use his own children in party political stunts .     says he has no plans to quit , and could go on until the 2030 election .     tonight : spotlight -- nigel farage is on itv at 7.30 pm tonight .
` extremely rich ' german woman 's taxi was stuck in traffic as thieves struck .     they smashed rear window of vehicle before running away with handbag .     the victim says one of the stolen rings was worth close to # 1million alone .     claimed she was on her way to loan some of the items to museum in paris .
sarah foot began swimming outside after a dip on hampstead heath .     now goes for regular dips in the bracing 8c waters of the north sea .     says nothing beats the ` silky smooth ' feeling of swimming in cold water .
isis is known for brutal takeovers and medieval justice , but it sees itself as a state .     official documents show just how far their rules affect daily life .
more than 1,700 students were spotted taking an exam in an open-air playground at a chinese high school .     grade one pupils at school in yichuan , shaanxi province could not all fit inside the building to take exam .     yichuan senior high school officials said sitting exam outside would test the students ' organizing capacity .
robert ambercrombie , a professional wrestler , shot video outside home .     tied son james 's tooth to the back of his muscle car before driving off .     string pulled wobbly front tooth straight out of the eight-year-olds mouth .     mr abercrombie said son had been begging him to perform diy removal .
it 's national park week , and that means the parks are free april 18-19 .     stargazing , revolutionary war programs and other fun happens this week .
moira gemmill , 55 , was cycling to work when she collided with tipper lorry .     she had recently left position at v&a for role at royal collection trust .     colleagues said her death was ` devastating ' and she 'll be ` greatly missed '     tipper lorry driver , 50 , was stopped near lambeth bridge but not arrested .
chefs should embrace ` le doggy bag ' to stop edible food going in the bin .     food waste costs average french household hundreds of pounds a year .     popular practice was previously ` unthinkable ' for french food lovers .
elijah cook was found to be profoundly death in his left ear and only able to hear 75 decibels in his shortly after his birth in january .     the mothers and fathers of both his parents , ahavah and jason cook , of andova , minnesota , were all deaf , so doctors decided to press ahead .     last month they fitted elijah with a set of hearing aids .     the moment he responded to his mom 's voice for the first time was caught on video , with elijah clearly responding .
former rangers manager and chairman walter smith hopes that the worst of the off-field drama at ibrox over so they can target new stability .     rangers are aiming for a return to the spl as soon as possible .     however , promotion from the championship is proving difficult .
italian designers have unveiled a concept for a bio-printed synthetic eye .     they say enhanced retina could increase vision to make images sharper .     filtering signals to the brain to produce vintage or black and white effects .     currently just a concept , the designers say it could be available by 2027 .
oleg kalashnikov died of gunshot wounds , ukraine 's interior ministry said .     he was a party of regions deputy in ukraine 's previous parliament .     kalashnikov was ally of deposed ukrainian president viktor yanukovych .
an indiana public school performance of american pie ended in tragedy wednesday when a riser buckled just as dozens danced on-stage .     more than a dozen people were injured at the westfield high performance and one student was taken to a hospital in critical condition .     students said there had been no issues when they previously practiced the song on the stage with the same number of people .
irish student , 22 , accusing jason lee , 38 , of raping her testified in court on tuesday describing of the moment the ` assault ' occurred .     she said she kneed him in the groin during the struggle after he forced her onto the floor whilst naked in the bathroom of his rented mansion .     the victim said she tried to bite him but he told her to ` shut the f *** up ' as he pulled up her dress and pulled down her underwear .     she revealed she has not told her family in ireland about her ordeal and made the 16-hour journey to new york to give evidence on her own .     lee was arrested in august 2013 after a woman accused him of attacking her at the home he and his wife rented in east hampton .     he has denied first-degree rape , sexual misconduct and third-degree assault and faces up to 25 years in jail if convicted .     lee invited the woman , her brother and friends back to the house after they met at trendy restaurant .
david beckham was a spectator as romeo competed in mini-marathon .     beckham was joined by wife victoria and sons brooklyn and cruz .     family congratulated romeo , 12 , at the finish line of three-mile course .
holland america says two passengers died in an apparent murder-suicide .     `` the cabin was immediately secured and the authorities were notified , '' cruise line says .     the fbi is investigating the deaths ; the ship is in san juan , puerto rico .
hm passport office struggled to cope with 3.6 million britons applications .     ministers agreed to give urgent cases a free upgrade to fast-track service .     only 2,191 compensation applications were approved totalling # 203,066 .     meanwhile managers at agency were handed total of # 1.8 million in bonuses .
fareed zakaria : isis has thrived because of a local sunni cause in syria and iraq .     leaders of isis have recognized they are a messaging machine , he says .
the died of cancer at his home in santa monica , california .     he usually took a back seat to the younger , more glamorous characters on the show .
michael maggio is already banned for life from holding judicial office for revealing actress 's adoption of boy two months before she went public .     posted on louisiana state university sports forum in 2012 that theron had applied to take on the youngster in same court division where he served .     as ` geauxjudge ' he also posted derogatory comments about women .     faces prison sentence of 10 years and $ 250,000 fine for bribery conviction .
strikes by french air traffic controllers will affect thousands of brits today .     new border control checks may also mean major delays for holidaymakers .     ba , easyjet , flybe and ryanair among airlines forced to cancel flights .     three days of disruption start today at 5am and end on friday morning .
an annual photography competition produced some amazing works that give some insight into life on the land .     judges look for images that illustrate the northern territory 's unique outback lifestyle and their distinct people .     marie muldoon won the competition with a heartwarming shot of her daughter cuddling up to a horse .     the categories include ` industry at work or play ' , ` nt landcapes ' and ` best portrait of person or animal '     the competition is run in conjunction with the northern territory cattlemen 's association 's annual conference .
manchester united are missing four players in key positions ahead of the crucial premier league game with title rivals chelsea at stamford bridge .     daley blind , michael carrick , phil jones and marcos rojo are all out injured .     wayne rooney could be dropped deeper into midfield to compensate .     the decision to play rooney in midfield has been an unpopular one before .
matthew kenney , 34 , said he smoked flakka before he went streaking .     was arrested on saturday after run through fort lauderdale , florida .     drug is made from same version of stimulant used to produce bath salts .     it causes euphoria , hallucinations , psychosis and superhuman strength .     kenney has prior arrests and was hospitalized for a psychiatric evaluation .
pope francis played key role in re-establishing diplomatic ties between cuba and u.s.     `` contacts with the cuban authorities are still in too early a phase , '' vatican spokesman says .
waitress amanda bailey , 26 , said nz pm john key pulled her ponytail .     she wrote that she gained unwanted attention from him last year at a cafe .     ms bailey said mr key kept touching her hair despite being told to stop .     the prime minister apologised and said his actions were ` all in the context of a bit of banter '     social media users have posted other photos of mr key touching girls ' hair .
a heartbreaking photo of a six-year-old pit mix appeared on an animal shelter 's facebook page .     the rescue center was inundated with calls about the dog .     after just a few hours , the photo of chester had been shared 6,000 times .     a family was found to take care of him within days of the posting .
kristen jarvis , 34 , is moving on to become chief of staff to the ford foundation president darren walker in new york .     the spelman college graduate decided to move on as the focus in washington has shifted from the obamas to the 2016 campaign .     jarvis first joined the obamas ' orbit in 2005 when she took a job in then senator obama 's office .
england star taken off as a precaution after being hit on the hand .     kevin pietersen was fielding for surrey at leg slip against oxford mccu .     a sweep off gareth batty 's bowling caught the top edge and struck kp .     pietersen has returned to surrey to fight for his england place .
show will return with a one-hour special , followed by spinoff , star john stamos says .     he announced the show monday night on `` jimmy kimmel live ''
several thousands of protesters gathered in melbourne at 4pm on friday .     the rally forced the closure of flinders and elizabeth streets .     they are against the closure of remote indigenous communities in wa .
emergency services were called to the kosciuszko bridge at about 11.50 am monday , where a woman had climbed over the bridge 's railing and was standing on a section of metal piping .     officers tried to calm her down as nypd patrol boats cruised under the bridge on newtown creek , which connects greenpoint in brooklyn and maspeth in queens .     a witness said the woman was a 44-year-old polish mother-of-one who was going through a tough divorce .     she agreed to be rescued after police talked to her about her daughter and was taken to elmhurst hospital .
writer sisonke msimang said australians are being racist by denying there are no differences between races .     msimang slammed tony abbott for cutting funds to remote communities .     many of these communities comprise indigenous australians .     she compared treatment of aboriginal people to south africa 's apartheid .     she thinks australians need to recognise and celebrate difference rather than deny its existence .
tina campbell paid # 100 for a weave at a salon in london .     says a few weeks later her head began itching and lumps appeared .     night before 29th birthday boils burst and began oozing pus .     dashed to hospital where doctors removed infection with scalpel .     the writer says despite her experiences it has not put her off .
next month 's visit to moscow by the north korean leader is off .     this victory day marks the 70 years since the soviet victory over germany in world war ii .
amira abase , 15 , left uk for syria with two classmates in february .     tweeted about enjoying a takeaway in islamic state ` capital ' raqqa .     also shows life pre-isis with tweets about shoes , waffles and chelsea fc .     amira , shamima begum and kadiza sultana aimed to be ` jihadi brides '     before departing , amira tweeted a picture of the three in a london park .
jean-mcconville , 37 , was taken from her belfast home by masked gang .     she was accused of being a british army informer by republicans .     the mother-of-ten was suffocated with a plastic bag and shot dead .     gerry adams said incidents like her murder happen ` in every single conflict '
lisa skinner shot a man now identified as her estranged husband bradley skinner after he unlawfully entered the house she shared with her mother .     she opened fire with a shotgun while her mother ran to a neighbor 's house in huntsville , alabama and called 911 .     police arrived on the scene and heard gunshots ring out as mrs skinner stood in the garage holding the shotgun .     officers demanded that she drop her weapon but when she turned toward them with the gun in her hand at least one officer fired at her , wounding her .     records show mrs skinner had taken out multiple protective orders against her husband ' i left in fear of becoming a victim of murder/suicide , ' she said .
victorino chua , 49 , wrote 13-page document describing his battle with depression and physical injury .     described note as ` bitter nurse confession ' and said he had a ` devil in me '     claimed he had contemplated suicide but thought he 'd go ` straight to hell '     chua denies murdering three patients at stockport hospital in 2011 .
the state library is showing a collection of photographs taken in the 1800 's by the first hand held camera .     the photographs were taken in the 1880 's by arthur syer , a 27-year old man living in sydney .     the hand held camera was the first time people could be photographed without their knowledge .     amateur photographers using the ` detective camera ' initiated the first talks about surveillance and privacy laws .     this was also the first chance people had to use a camera if they were n't trained in the science behind photography .     the exhibition will run from april 4 to august 23 .
yes , it is possible to steal a robe from your hotel without being charged .     many properties often have extra complimentary amenities up for grabs .     but beware of minibar glasses - they 're often cleaned with furniture polish .     author jacob tomsky answers every question you have about hotel stays .
donor 7042 carries defective gene known as neurofibromatosis 1 -lrb- nf1 -rrb- .     ten of the donor 's offspring have already been diagnosed with nf1 .     can increase risk of cancer , cause learning difficulties and reduce lifespan .     four families are suing the nordic cryobank that supplied the sperm .
university of alberta research found why knuckles really crack .     study found cracking is caused by rapid formation of gas-filled cavity .     research also discovered a knuckle cracks in less than 310 milliseconds .     a study co-author was used as the guinea pig for the experiment .     rapid magnetic resonance imaging -lrb- mri -rrb- was used to capture ` the bones and fluids surrounding them , and critically , the formation of the air cavity '     the researchers humorously dubbed their work the ` pull my finger study '
tiger woods begins his 20th masters ranked a lowly 111th in the world .     former world no 1 turned on the charm ahead of masters 2015 at augusta .     american was joined by girlfriend lindsay vonn and his children .     a fifth green jacket would take the 39-year-old 's major haul to 15 .     click here for all the latest news from the masters 2015 .
judge jerry baxter called the cheating scandal ` the sickest thing that 's ever happened in this town ' as he sentenced the teachers on tuesday .     all but one of the 10 former atlanta public school educators were sentenced to jail time .     the judge had encouraged all of the accused to negotiate deals , but only two agreed and received lighter sentences .     the remaining eight received harsher sentences , ranging from one to seven years in jail .
michelle obama has jokingly issued a warning to motorists in the washington d.c. area that eldest daughter malia is now a licensed driver .     the first lady was making a special appearance on live ! with kelly and michael broadcast from the white house on monday .     mrs. obama also noted that both her teenager daughters are very familiar with the concept of sarcasm .     ` when they get a little snarky , i 'm like , `` oh , you sound like your dad ! '' '     tens of thousands of people gathered on the white house south lawn on monday for the annual easter egg roll festivities .
pierre fulton was in the car with scott during their traffic stop .     he was being searched by an officer as michael slager shot scott dead .     in a statement , he pays tribute to scott , says he does n't know why he ran .     audio has surfaced of michael slager , 33 , laughing and admitting to experiencing a rush of adrenaline in the minutes following the shooting .     walter scott , 50 , was shot five times in the back as he ran away on april 5 .     slager has been charged with murder after cell phone footage of the incident emerged which contadicted the initial police report .     the audio of slager talking with a senior officer at the scene was picked up the damcam in his vehicle which had been recording the initial incident .
a fight took an unusual turn outside a grafton pub late friday night .     a woman reportedly joined an altercation armed with two rubber sex toys .     witnesses say she was swinging them in the air , threatening bystanders .     ` out of nowhere this other woman joined the fray with a dildo in each hand '     police attended the scene but no complaints were made about the woman .
huddersfield have plummeted to ninth in super league after a horrible easter .     paul anderson admits his misfiring side need to change going forward .     they face catalan dragons , who have the best defence around , on sunday .
photos taken for bbc show being human see aidan turner with a full ` rug '     ... but his chest hair in poldark 's shirtless scenes looks distinctly pruned .     fans take to twitter to comment on new poldark male grooming debate .     aidan admits he uses baby oil to make his muscles look good in the series .
japanese cookery programme miniature space is set in a a tiny kitchen .     videos demonstrate how to make different foods in miniature form .     petite kitchen equipped with mini spatula , tongs and knives .
the alarm system at the former president 's houston property failed around september 2013 but was not replaced until december 2014 .     it came after an agent recommended in 2010 that the 20-year system be replaced but the request was denied .     the details emerged in a report by the department of homeland security office of inspector general released on thursday .     the report recommended that the agency reviews all security equipment .
lauren hill 's coach says she was `` an unselfish angel ''     after playing for her college , lauren hill helped raise money for cancer research .     ncaa president says she `` achieved a lasting and meaningful legacy ''
la judge reduced bail from $ 25 million to $ 10 million for rap producer .     on thursday morning , knight walked out of court after the hearing .     authorities contend knight intentionally hit the men , killing terry carter , 55 , and seriously injuring cle ` bone ' sloan .     knight , 49 , was a key player in the gangster rap scene that flourished in the 1990s , and his label once listed dr dre , tupac shakur and snoop dogg .
doctors and nurses have criticised ashya 's parents in bbc documentary .     consultant warns case - which saw parents ignore medical advice to take ashya to prague for proton beam therapy - could set a worrying precedent .     nhs agreed to pay for ashya 's treatment , and family now say he is cured .
rafael correa , who claims to speak english , pictured with arm around boy .     but apparently failed to pick up meaning of the message on child 's t-shirt .     picture shared thousands of times on social media networks in ecuador .
a brace for mauro vilhete sealed a 2-0 win for barnet over gateshead and a return them to the football league next season .     the bees clinched the conference title ahead of bristol rovers .     manager martin allen has revealed the club will be celebrating with a holiday to benidorm .
arsenal players are choosing to employ their relatives as agents .     fifa have washed their hands of attempts to regulate middle-men .     alex oxlade-chamberlain , calum chambers , jack wilshere , kieran gibbs and danny welbeck are among those to use the policy .     liverpool club secretary stuart hayton is leaving anfield after two seasons .
an axe-wielding robber has been jailed for attempting to rob a corner shop .     but he failed after he was held and hit with a baseball bat by shopkeepers .     he was later revealed to be a juvenile offender nicknamed boomerang boy .     shaun andrew mckerry , 31 , had been arrested 80 times by the age of 15 .
andrew silicani , 23 , of cheyenne , wyoming , pleaded guilty on monday to trying to hire a hit man to kill his mother and stepfather .     the prison inmate had wanted to collect their life insurance money and inherit their house .     silicani , who was serving a five - to seven-year sentence at the state prison in rawlins , now faces up to 40 years at sentencing this summer .     silicani told the judge he regarded his actions as ' a big error in judgment -- i 'd take it back if i could '
nick scholfield is lined up to ride spring heeled in the grand national .     the famous race takes place at aintree on april 11 .     scholfield travels to ireland to sit on spring heeled on friday .
wolves beat nottingham forest to continue their push towards the playoff places and all but end their opposition 's chances of promotion .     wolves are seventh , level on points with sixth-placed ipswich .     kenny jackett believes his side must maintain their focus to stay in touch .     they face leeds united in their next encounter , on easter monday .
film leaked of raheem sterling inhaling nitrous oxide just a day after he was pictured smoking shisha .     sterling put liverpool 1-0 up after just nine minutes at anfield before missing easy chance in second half .     referee lee mason missed what pundit gary neville described as a ` blatant penalty ' for newcastle 's ayoze perez .     welsh midfielder joe allen then scored his first goal at anfield to put liverpool 2-0 up after 70 minutes .     france midfielder moussa sissoko sent off late on for two bookable offences .     result moves liverpool up to within four points of manchester city in fourth and is newcastle 's fifth defeat in a row .
writer took azamara club cruises ' quest vessel from monaco to rome .     the smaller ship proves more intimate and can access more ports .     stops included st tropez , porto vecchio , sardinia and amalfi .     drove along the amalfi coast to a buffalo farm in pontecagnano .
too many carrots are making the nation 's spoilt pet rabbits overweight .     pdsa has warned that more than half of pets will be obese in five years .     charity 's pet fit club returns for a tenth year to help slim down porky pets .     it has helped animals allover the uk lose the combined weight of 46 stone .
matthew colvin , 26 , was behind bars on tuesday in southhaven , mississippi , and will be extradited back to memphis on wednesday .     elton john 's iconic glasses , which have been valued at $ 2,000 , were found in a mailbox in southhaven , mississippi .     the glasses , which were on loan from a private collector , will be back on display on wednesday .
philip gigante was elected into the position by residents of airmont .     his grandfather was vinny ` the chin ' gigante , head of the genovese gang .     the mobster walked around in a bathrobe and slippers to look insane .     that way he felt like he would avoid prosecution , and did in 1990 .     he was jailed in 1997 for federal racketeering and died in prison aged 77 .     philip hopes his ` achievements ' will be what his constituents .
asmir begovic is entering the final year of his contract with stoke city .     the 27-year-old goalkeeper has been linked with other clubs previously .     stoke are hopeful they can arrange a new deal to warn off potential suitors .     click here for the latest premier league news .
magazine ads from the seventies have n't stood the test of time .     alcohol commercials almost always featured a moustachioed man .     rod stewart is seen wearing a garish outfit for footwear company kickers .
colin barnett was at the launch for a new blueprint for marine science .     the wa premier said ` some good ' has come out of the search for mh370 .     his comments drew sighs of disbelief from the audience .     the aircraft disappeared with all 239 people on board on march 8 , 2014 .     the plane , which is yet to be found , was flying from kuala lumpur to beijing .
journalist jonathan maitland is confident the public is prepared for drama .     an audience with jimmy savile to open in june starring alistair mcgowan .     the actor is best known for his comedic impressions of celebrities .     previously portrayed savile in his popular bbc series the big impression .     lawyer acting on behalf of savile 's victims said they were happy with play .     but some critics condemned subject choice as ` not right ' and ` unbelievable '
wylie brys and his dad , dallas zookeeper tim brys , were digging for fossils near a local grocery store when they made the discovery in september .     after seven months , they acquired permits to dig up the bones .     scientists from southern methodist university are helping with excavation .     fossils are expected for be from a nodosaur , a pony-sized herbivore with scaly , plated skin .
vanessa santillan was found dead at a flat in fulham , south west london .     the 33-year-old mexican national was working as a transgender escort .     a 23-year-old man was arrested in connection with her death last month .     he was bailed pending further inquiries as police continue investigation .     any witnesses or anyone with any information that can assist police are asked to call the incident room on 020 8721 4868 or contact crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or via crimestoppers-uk . org .
benik afobe fired wolves ahead on 46 minutes with a low right-footed shot .     bakary sako doubled the visitors lead from the penalty spot on 72 minutes .     dexter blackstock scored a late consolation for the hosts in injury time .     win moves wolves on to 68 points with six games remaining .
carlton cole and nathaniel clyne attend fundraising reception .     shaun wright-phillips and matt phillips also in attendance on sunday .     the event was held in knightsbridge in london 's west end .     event was a reception for football fighting ebola charity .
joel burger and ashley king have known each other since kindergarten .     they started dating five years ago , friends having stopped ribbing them .     insist they are embracing the playful nickname ` burger-king '     plan to serve drinks at wedding in personalized burger king cups .
graeme mcdowell will play ` aggressive ' golf to end his poor masters record .     the 35-year-old has only made the cut twice in seven attempts at augusta .     mcdowell has just recovered from an ankle injury ahead of the masters .     click here for all the latest golf news .
video shows espn reporter britt mchenry berating and belittling a tow company worker .     drexler : she was wrong to act that way , but are n't we too quick to judge without seeing full video ?
zoo weekly came under fire for their scandalous anzac day issue .     the front cover featured a half-naked model holding a red poppy .     the department of veteran affairs said zoo could not use the word anzac .     the word ca n't be used without permission for commercial purposes .     social media users condemned the ` gross and offensive ' issue .     zoo weekly has since removed all offending images from their websites .
overloaded ship capsized off the libyan coast on the treacherous journey across the mediterranean on sunday .     around 150 were brought to italy after being rescued -- but survivors said at least 400 other migrants had died .     amnesty international accuses eu of ` clearly threatening thousands of lives ' after scrapping rescue operations .
the men are current or former florida prison guards .     they are charged with one count of conspiracy to commit murder .
kalman kallai travelled from borden , ontario to comox , british columbia .     he brought the green rocking chair to make his journey more interesting .     along the way the traveller was accompanied by friends and his father .     the journey took nine days to complete and 4500km of land was covered .
john burns has come out to deny he called footy player a ` terrorist '     the 3aw host allegedly made the comments against bachar houli .     houli became the first muslim man to play top league afl in 2006 .     he is the multicultural ambassador for the afl .     john burns says he does n't recall the comments being made .     he said he is ` mortified ' by the allegations .
couple spends $ 1,200 to ship their cat , felix , on a flight from the united arab emirates .     felix went missing somewhere at john f. kennedy international airport , airline says .     pets are `` treated no differently than a free piece of checked luggage , '' jennifer stewart says .
british officers forced to accept four-day inspection from moscow experts .     uk and 11 other nato countries set to contribute to the naval exercise .     will involve 58 warships and submarines , 50 aircraft and 3,000 land forces .
sensors in the optimal case track subtle changes in a phone 's temperature .     micro-fans inside the case cool the phone down if it gets too hot .     while built-in resistance coils gently heat the device if it gets too cold .     case is launching on indiegogo this week , but prices have n't been revealed .
sudan is guarded day and night by rangers to keep him from poachers .     his horn has been removed to stop it being lost to illegal trade .     rhino horn fetching as much as # 47,000 per kilo as demand grows .
decorated former argentina international esteban cambiasso says that keeping leicester up this season would be like ` another cup '     the former inter milan and real madrid midfielder joined leicester last summer on a free transfer , signing a one-year deal .     leicester are currently bottom of the premier league table with 19 points from 29 games and take on west ham in their next fixture .
remmie , 18 , got a piercing across the top of her ear .     she hoped it would make her stand out from the crowd .     went ahead with piercing against advice of her mother .     her body tried to heal the wound by producing scar tissue .     created an unsightly lump known as a keloid scar .     extreme beauty disasters is on tlc , thursdays at 8pm .
amanda lukoff , from arlington , virginia , teamed up with her husband danny egan for their film the r-word .     she was inspired by her older sister gabrielle , who was born with down syndrome .     the documentary is in pre-production until she raises $ 200,000 for its creation .     scrubs actor john c. mcginley and glee actress lauren potter , who has down syndrome , are among the films cast members .
video has emerged showing the moment 2 french tourists torch a quokka .     footage sees men laugh after igniting the creature with aerosol and lighter .     the marsupial survived by scampering away , but was singed by the flame .     both men received $ 4000 fines and had their passports confiscated .     they were on a working holiday , spending three months in rottnest island .
marcelo bosch kicked penalty with last play of the game for victory .     saracens took a half-time lead of 6-5 despite racing 's dominance .     penalties from charlie hodgson -lrb- two -rrb- and alex goode for sarries .     racing 92 scrum-half maxime machenaud scored the game 's only try .     saracens will return to france to face clermont auvergne in the semi .
ukip leader lost for words as he met ivan loncsarevity at the plant in essex .     struggled for small talk because mr loncsarevity speaks little english .     farage insisted he did not want to deport migrants if britain left the eu .
middlesbrough beat wolves 2-1 in the championship on tuesday night .     patrick bamford scored his 19th goal of the season for boro in the win .     bamford is one of 26 players out on loan from chelsea this season .     21-year-old has opened contract talks with the blues over a new deal .
jihadi tried to launch attack on kurdish peshmerga forces near kirkuk , iraq .
clegg tells pupils he was better at languages and art as a youngster .     lib dem manifesto to promise to eradicate the deficit ` fairly ' by 2019 .     clegg 's wife miriam says her priority is making sure their sons are ` ok '
freddie gray was arrested on a weapons charge april 12 ; he was dead seven days later .     he was put in a police van after his arrest ; it 's unclear what happened inside the van .     gray has a criminal history but it 's not known if that had anything to do with his arrest or death .
red ed wants councils to encourage building by hiking tax on unused land .     sites still left idle could be compulsorily purchased by another developer .     property analysts say it would take uk back to ` dark days of the seventies '     tory candidate said it 's ` sort of policy you might expect from soviet russia '
jordan henderson looking for # 100,000-a-week contract at liverpool .     the reds vice-captain is approaching the final year of his current deal .     henderson has already rejected a five-year deal worth # 80,000 per week .
danny welbeck met up with sportsmail 's martin keown .     welbeck thanks fans and staff for making him so welcome at arsenal .     former manchester united striker talks about scoring at old trafford .     welbeck wants to be a striker , but says playing on the wing is easier in a front three than when part of a midfield four .     arsenal take on reading at wembley on saturday evening .
new on board playlists include rockers such as the xx , haim and hozier .     unfavourable customer feedback about previous music prompted switch .     so far , all mainline and some regional aircraft have adopted the change .
amanda burleigh was convinced clamping cord immediately was wrong .     contacted other medics and they amassed evidence it could be harmful .     national institute for health and care excellence guidelines have changed .     cord should n't be routinely clamped ` earlier than one minute from the birth '
supermarket giant becomes first to introduce halal-only sweet counters .     move being trialled in 10 stores around the uk based on local community .     counters will sell 36 types of gelatine-free and alcohol-free sweets .     muslim figures praise the move and say demand will be high .
itv 's britain 's got talent is returning on saturday for its ninth series .     teacher 's say kids have bunked off school in the past to attend auditions .     so for first time ever producers are holding auditions at dozens of schools .     move has helped reduce unauthorised absence levels in several schools .
the germanwings tragedy has ignited debate about depression in pilots .     author , vanhoenacker is a senior first officer with british airways .     he wants the reader to simply understand his passion for his job .
the town of garnet in montana was established in the 1860s by miners looking for gold and silver .     at its peaked there were about 1,000 residents , but garnet was ravaged by fire in 1912 and later deserted .     locals believe it is haunted with the spirits of former residents , especially children .     the u.s. bureau of land management is looking for workers to operate garnet as a tourist stop .     there is no electricity or plumbing , but they would be paid and given food and housing .     the blm was inundated with responses after an ad was placed in the local newspaper .
group of vicars say coe schools should stop selecting pupils on faith .     many christian schools give priority to those who regularly attend church .     but vicars argue the system is open to abuse and oversubscribed schools may reject non-churchgoing families even though they may live nearby .     clergymen said affluent parents were more likely to cheat the system by going to church just to get their children into a high-performing coe school .
three children killed in lake crash have been farewelled .     their tiny white coffins were wheeled into the church in werribee .     mother akon guode and father joseph tito manyang attended .     five-year-old awel , who survived the crash was at the funeral .     their mother was released from police custody .     she crashed 4wd into a melbourne lake .     children 's father says ms guode ` did n't feel herself ' as she was driving .
cambridge academic victoria miller has been researching the codpiece .     says those used in wolf hall were too small to be historically accurate .     star mark rylance blamed the size on the show 's american producers .     drama tells story of sir thomas cromwell 's rise in king henry viii 's court .
lewis hamilton took victory for the silver arrows at the chinese grand prix .     nico rosberg claims hamilton ruined his race by driving slowly .
from rowing to zumba , two nutritionists reveal the exercises you can do to burn off your favourite easter eggs .     nutritionist dr sam christie warns many easter eggs contain high levels of sugar , which can cause behavioural problems and acne .
tim tebow signed with team monday after news of the deal leaked sunday .     he inked deal in time to participate in team 's voluntary offseason program .     2007 heisman trophy winner played for patriots , jets and broncos in nfl .     has thrown 173 completions , 17 touchdowns and nine picks in 35 games .     terms of the deal with the 6-3 , 236-pound player have not been released .
owner of white havana cob cody said her horse looked like black beauty .     tracey hannant believes the animal wanted to go for a dip to cool down .     it took 18 firefighters to free the horse following its six-hour ordeal .     no one could believe it when cody turned out to be white after hose down .
the nypd detective has been accused of shouting abuse at an uber driver .     patrick cherry of the joint terrorism task force is now under investigation .     detective cherry was on his way back from visiting a colleague in hospital .     the uber driver ` honked ' det cherry as he reversed into a parking space .
labrador baylie from leeds suffers from hip problems - and a sweet tooth .     swapped sweet treats and processed food for raw meat , offal and bones .     owners say he is a ` different dog ' since going on raw foods doggy diet .
the eight-month-old baby 's mother frantically tried to open the door after the range rover 's keys were locked inside .     youngster grew distressed as temperatures hit 23c in london and the heat inside the vehicle became unbearable .     police were called and an officer smashed the window with his baton to free the baby who was deemed uninjured .
jack andraka , now 18 , became depressed when a close family friend died .     uncle ted passed away from pancreatic cancer .     jack then developed a test for detecting pancreatic cancer .     it won the top award at a prestigious international science competition .     breakthrough is an inspiring story for would-be scientists .
sir david nicholson warned labour about failing to match tory nhs pledge .     former head of nhs said it would leave health service in a ` financial hole '     branded ` man with no shame ' on refusing to resign over mid staffs scandal .
alice barker danced in legendary apollo and zanzibar clubs during the 1930s harlem renaissance , as well as movies , tv and commercials .     but she had lost her old photographs with time , and no one could find her videos because of a misspelling of her name .     david shuff , who met barker years ago , reunited her with some of her short musical films known then as ` soundies '     the videos now play in the common room of her retirement home , where shuff says she is a ` rock star '
the travel writer joins up with the abu dhabi ocean racing team .     the volvo ocean race is currently taking on the next stage in brazil .     joly was trained by tom daley in tv hit splash ! back in 2013 , but seems to have forgotten some key tips .
chief secretary to the treasury caught drinking with high-class call girl .     the encounter between belle de jour and danny alexander was innocent .     the two were snapped at bar one in inverness on friday at the nip festival .
footage shows a traffic stop and early interactions between officer michael slager and walter scott .     the two men speak , and then scott gets out of the car , running .     slager , charged with murder , was fired from the north charleston police department .
the ecb are creating a new director of cricket role as part of a restructure after the departure of england 's managing director paul downton .     however , they have released very few details as to the job description .     jonathan trott is back in the england set-up following treatment from leading sports psychiatrist steve peters .     chelsea manager jose mourinho is fronting a new promotional deal with car manufacturers jaguar .     legendary jockey ap mccoy , is set to retire from racing on saturday .
french investigators : flight data recorder reveals andreas lubitz acted deliberately to crash plane .     he used autopilot to set altitude at 100 feet and then used the controls to speed up the descent .
the u.s. court of appeals has rejected the band 's argument that the government 's refusal to grant a trademark violated free speech rights .     the band say they chose their name as a way to reclaim the disparaging term .     ruling could have implications for whether the national football league 's washington redskins should lose its trademarks .
the ramp agent fell asleep in the plane 's cargo hold .     he can no longer work on alaska airlines flights .
pupils in spokane , washington , were removed from classes on monday .     a total of 143 were kicked out of school because they did not have documents to prove they have had legally required vaccinations .     officials decided to act after spread of the measles virus in america .     experts have warned there is a danger of a pandemic as people who have not been vaccinated are being exposed to the rest of the population .
homeowner built cabin near anchorage valley after forest fire .     when the trees started growing again , they did n't want to lose the view .     so they built another cabin on top , and carried on until it was 12 high .     it has been affectionately dubbed the ` dr seuss tower ' and attracts fans .
delmarva power says the utility discovered a stolen electric meter had been illegally connected to rental home where the family was living .     the utility says meter was disconnected for safety reasons on march 25 .     rodney todd and his two sons and five daughters then used a generator for power .     they were last seen alive on march 28 .
fifty top fashionistas all posted photos of the same lord & taylor dress on instagram at the weekend .     the retailer has admitted that the bloggers got ` unspecified compensation ' to lend their credability and give the dress their seal of approval .     the ploy proved an instant success as the $ 88 paisley asymmetrical dress sold out and created an online buzz for the entire design lab collection .     the deal highlights the gray area of bloggers failing to disclose when they 've received payment for promoting some goods and services .
three men were trapped inside container at wetherill park in sydney .     authorities worked to free the men shortly after 11am on thursday .     they had been unloading timber from container when it fell on them .     two men died at the scene and the other was seriously injured .
kim kardashian : hollywood and lindsay lohan 's the price of fame apps .     users create an aspiring celebrity and rise to fame in the games .     everyone is either a potential love-interest , career-booster , or enemy .
barack , michelle , malia and sasha obama attended alfred st baptist church .     they sat at the front during service in virginia on sunday morning .     on monday , michelle and barack will perform a dance at the easter roll .
activision blizzard has announced plans to resurrect the popular game .     guitar hero live features a redesigned guitar and live-action actors .     firm will also launch guitar hero live tv - an online music video network .     game and guitar can be pre-ordered in the us and canada for $ 99 .
in a survey conducted by direct line , 2,025 adults in uk were questioned .     nearly half -lrb- 46 % -rrb- of people get anxiety from not being able to sleep .     many of the worries come from work-related situations .
top gear tour will go ahead as clarkson and the bbc reach an agreement .     presenter will keep quiet on his sacking so the live shows can still go on .     bbc feared he would use the global tour to vent his anger at former bosses .     the shows have been renamed and will not feature any top gear branding .
african elephant has regularly visited etali safari lodge for four years .     he 's earned the nickname troublesome for his regular poolside antics .     troublesome empties the pools with drinking , playing and spraying .     lodge manager said kristoff potgieter said they 've tried to deter him .     but he said they 've been out-witted : ` troublesome is no ordinary elephant '
john helinski 's id and social security cards had been stolen .     his case worker and a cop had to get foreign id papers to get him a driver 's license .     then helinski remembered a bank account he used to have .
slovenian archaeologist ivan Šprajc discovers ancient mayan cities in the jungles of mexico .     his discoveries could help explain why so many mayan cities were abandoned before the arrival of the spaniards .
driver crashed his uninsured sports car into a tree on wednesday night .     the ferrari was reportedly purchased by the owner only a week ago .     a male passenger was also seriously injured in the crash .     the 1991 ferrari 348 is worth between $ 90k and $ 110k .     the passenger was conscious and was taken to flinders medical centre .
mgm grand garden arena will host floyd mayweather vs manny pacquiao .     the hotel in las vegas has hosted a number of big boxing fights .     this fight of the century is the biggest single event in vegas history .     hotel expect 50,000 people to pass through on friday and saturday .     mgm grand president scott sibella promises they wo n't run our of beer .     the hotel has 7,000 rooms and suites and 9,000 employees .     freddie roach : pacquiao could win with one arm behind his back !     click here for all the latest mayweather vs pacquiao news .
56 women with cystic fibrosis have been photographed so far for ian pettigrew 's upcoming photography book salty girls .     the 46-year-old from ontario , canada , said the project is ` dedicated to showing how beautiful those fighting cf truly are '     cystic fibrosis is a life-threatening genetic condition that damages the lungs and digestive system .
new range of suncreams claim to stop damage from infra-red a rays too .     some even say they protect the skin from the inside , but what 's the truth ?     consultant dermatologist bav shergill offers his expert verdict .
valerie cadman-khan , 56 , appeared on this morning with daughter aimee .     detective sergeant colin helyer accused her of child neglect in 2008 .     mum was arrested amid claims she 'd left aimee outside for 45 minutes .     she was ` humiliated ' after being led away from middlesborough home .     no apology received yet , but she feels ` justice has been done '
snp leader says she is not planning second referendum ` at this stage '     forced to deny her mps will wreak havoc in westminster after the election .     cameron warns labour already punishing areas where they have no seats .     snp holding labour to ransom means rest of uk ` would n't get a look in '     cameron urges tactical voting from ukip and lib dems to block labour .
john tuite , 22 , and carlos santolalla , 25 , share an instagram account that their old agencies pressured them to delete .     the couple claims that the world of male modeling is n't as gay-friendly as most people believe .     the in-demand duo also djs at hot new york city clubs and rubs shoulders with celebrities .
richard hutchinson attacked former friend in betting shop in money row .     he landed a single punch to victim 's face causing brain bleed and fracture .     his victim spent 16 days in intensive care and a further 11 days in hospital .     hutchinson , 40 , admitted grievous bodily harm and jailed for two years .
cast will become filming in london , france and bahamas in the autumn .     saunders spurred on to write script after # 10,000 bet with dawn french .     56-year-old , who plays edina , said joanna lumley wanted to ` do it before we die '
good friday commemorates the crucifixion and death of jesus christ .     ` way of the cross ' walks took place in ohio , pennsylvania , los angeles and over the brooklyn bridge , among others .     just a few of the events that were taking place all over the world at holy week nears its end .     tens of thousands of people flocked to pope francis ' good friday procession at the colosseum in rome .
hailstorm equipment used by department 4,300 times since 2007 , court told .     device can identify phones from 360-degree antenna from city block away .     detective says department under orders from us government to withhold evidence from courts where device has been used .     details resemble original plot of hbo 's series the wire , based in same city .
jordan spieth carded a 64 to claim the lead on -8 after the first round .     jason day , ernie els , justin rose and charley hoffman three shots behind .     rory mcilroy kept alive his hopes of claiming career grand slam with 71 .     injury-hit tiger woods recorded a 73 in just his third start of the year .
the baby elephant walks alongside single file herd .     it stops to dawdle pick up something with its trunk .     before managing to break the tail-to-trunk chain .     the footage was captured by at whipsnade zoo .
khim hang is the youngest designer to show an australian fashion week .     the 22-year-old 's collection han is a nod to his cambodian heritage .     khim said his parent 's escape from the khmer rouge influenced him .     is paying workers in his cambodian factory double the minimum wage .
two men had made the diy boat at their home using scrap wood and glue .     but the pair became stranded from the shore after their oars snapped .     rescuers were stunned to see a homemade boat being taken out to sea .
conor mcgregor takes on champion jose aldo in las vegas on july 11 .     the two men recently completed a world-tour to promote the fight .     mcgregor is unbeaten in the ufc and insists he will be the next champion .     he grabbed aldo 's belt when the pair came face-to-face in dublin .     click here for all the latest ufc news .
president obama attends howard university roundtable on climate change and public health .     linking climate change to how it affects a person 's health is a new way to talk about the subject .
richard curry , 71 , was diagnosed with malignant melanoma in his septum .     was told he had to have his nose removed to stop the spread of the cancer .     had magnetic implants inserted into his cheekbones and nasal cavity .     now wears a prosthetic nose which is attached to his face using magnets .
norwich scientists have developed a # 50 adaptor for colour blindness .     it can be plugged into any hdmi port on a tv or a computer monitor .     a remote control or app then adjusts the colour adjustment .     it allows colour blind people to watch shows they otherwise could n't .
fabio lavato popped the question to laura knight at their local cineworld .     he created a proposal video that was played at the end of the trailers .     laura said yes and was too excited to watch the rest of the film .
antonio nuñez , 59 , was arguing with girlfriend at 4am at home in texas .     it escalated and he stabbed the woman in the backside with pitchfork .     she pepper sprayed him , called 911 , is in hospital recovering .
an afghan lawmaker is among 64 people wounded in the attack , police say .     taliban spokesman denies his group was responsible for the attack .
the bridge would link bremerton and port orchard across the sinclair inlet .     washington state representative jesse young is behind the unique idea .     state highway budget about project passed washington house thursday .     study of idea will have a $ 90,000 budget if approved by legislature .     project would involve three carriers or just two and two ramps .     rep. young has eye on the uss independence and the uss kitty hawk .
dove took self criticisms from real women and repeated them out loud .     created in france , campaign highlights the way we bully ourselves daily .     ' i hope my daughter never speaks to herself like that '
keith curle is one of only four england players to currently manage .     former manchester city player has managed clubs including mansfield , chester , torquay and notts county before ending up at carlisle .     curle turned his back on a career in punditry to remain on the sidelines .     ' i have done a bit for sky and i really enjoyed it but first and foremost i am a coach and manager , ' he said .
the male employee and a female accomplice worked as a team to manipulate a screening system at denver international airport in 2014 .     she would indicate a female was being screened when it was a male passenger after a signal when male worker found someone attractive .     the tsa machine would then show up an ` anomaly ' in the genital area and the male tsa employee would pat down the male passenger 's genitals .     both tsa employees have been fired but criminal charges were not filed .
warning : graphic content .     sally lutkin had a rose and her grandchildren 's names tattooed on her leg .     it soon went red and swelled up , leaving her in agony and unable to walk .     had to undergo emergency surgery to stop infection spreading to the bone .     was left with a gruesome black hole and a scar in the middle of her calf .
the public texas university first balked at disclosing the actor 's fee but has since caved , saying a confidentiality agreement is no longer binding .     actor 's jk livin foundation provides ` tools to help high school students lead active lives and make healthy choices for the future '
fulham scrapped a draw at home to fellow strugglers rotherham .     matt derbyshire gave the away side an early lead from close range .     ross mccormack poked home an equaliser in the second half .     fans booed heavily when the final whistle was blown at craven cottage .
oscar de la hoya believes that the appointment of referee kenny bayless will work to floyd mayweather 's advantage against manny pacquiao .     veteran bayless has refereed several of mayweather 's previous fights .     de la hoya thinks that bayless ' tendency to break up fighters will stop pacquiao from building any momentum against the american .
former face of nbc nightly news was suspended for lying about iraq .     falsely claimed he was in military helicopter downed by rpg fire .     bosses began investigation into other tall tales in wake of scandal .     nbc 's ceo reportedly told in recent briefing that 11 instances emerged .     include seemingly overblown claims about reporting on the arab spring .
russian supermodel , 29 , joins jarrod scott for linda farrow eyewear shoot .     pair are filmed lustfully eyeing each other up around a swimming pool .     newly-single irina looks flawless emerging from the water .     styles include frosted pastels and liquid gold frames .
julie creffield was told she was ` too fat to run ' when she was a size 18 .     but she still completed a marathon .     now encouraging other women to run whatever their size .     launched this morning 's run for your life campaign with nell mcandrew .     poll carried out by show found two thirds of women think they ca n't run .
rangers winger david templeton is full of praise for the impact of new boss stuart mccall .     he feels that the new regime is far better than that under ally mccoist and kenny mcdowall .     templeton has singled out a new-found intensity and more astute tactics as reasons behind the recent upturn in fortunes at ibrox .     rangers go into saturday 's game with championship title-winners hearts off the back of two consecutive wins .
micah richards ' manchester city contract ends this summer .     currently on loan at fiorentina , richards wants a return to england .     was one of english football 's golden boys as a youngster .     aston villa boss tim sherwood willing to snap him up on a free .
john thurston started building the bizarre vessel while getting divorced .     he took the hull of a catamaran and placed the caravan on top .     the 80-year-old enjoys cruising up and down the river swale in kent .
transport for london are removing ` are you beach body ready ? ' posters .     tfl say protein world has come to end of three-week ad placement period .     a rally has been organised against protein world in hyde park on may 2 .
fabien le coq took photos of trees from the bottom looking up .     the branches take on their own patterns in the sky : `` each tree has its own personality ''
chris smalling in contention but luke shaw and jonny evans out .     robin van persie will not be risked by manchester united .     vincent kompany a doubt for manchester city with hamstring injury .     wilfried bony , stevan jovetic and dedryck boyata will be absent for city .
beth o'rourke , 44 , of paxton , massachusetts , has spent the past 7 years fighting stage four biliary cancer .     she passed away on april 16 , and wrote her own obituary .     the mother of courtney , 11 , and seamus , 8 , called herself a ` survivor ' and said she ` loved ' life .     a page has now been created to raise money for her children 's educations .
warning : graphic content .     russian climber is struck by a falling icicle , causing a blood clot in his leg .     using snow as an anaesthetic he cuts his own leg open with a scalpel .     he scoops out the blood clot and sews up the wound with items in his kit .     ten days later the stitches are removed and he is left with barely any scar .
this book is an exquisite account of what farming life is really like .     the stark prose brilliantly evokes the horror of the foot-and-mouth of 2001 .     rebanks studied for a degree at oxford before returning to his rural roots .
robert penny , 83 , is charged with the murder of two women in 1991 .     one of the victims was his wife margaret penny , the other claire acocks .     pair were found stabbed , their throats cut and were wrapped in hair wraps .     penny was cleared of any involvement in the initial investigation .
dean obeidallah : apple 's new emoji lineup is diverse in race , ethnicity and sexual orientation .     it 's just like america , but what took apple so long ? obeidallah asks .     he says change may rankle -lrb- or win over ? -rrb- conservatives who discriminate against people because of their sexual orientation .
russia says kim jong un has canceled trip to moscow .     frida ghitis : gauging kim 's state of mind no easy task .
`` i rate this as no. 1 on my list of things in my life that i regret , '' robert bates tells `` today ''     he says he did n't mean to kill eric harris and rejects claims his training records were forged .     `` i still ca n't believe it happened , '' bates tells the nbc show .
the ancient tuscan town is based 40 miles south east of genoa .     little is known about much of the settlement 's origin or history .     seismic instability noted as a reason for the mass abandonment .     today the town is seen as italy 's most famous abandoned location .     folklore suggests that the depreciating settlement is haunted .
troy university students delonte ' martistee , 22 , and ryan austin calhoun , 23 , have been suspended from the alabama school .     both have been charged in connection to an alleged sexual attack on an unconscious woman during a spring break part in florida .     police in troy , alabama , found the video while investigating a shooting .     video ` shows two men raping unconscious woman on florida beach '     authorities say hundreds of people walk past but do n't intervene .     two additional suspects are being sought in connection to the incident and more arrests are suspected .     martistee was a promising track star from bainbridge , georgia .
tinside lido in plymouth boasts fountains and views of the isle of wight .     the beautiful llyn y fan fach in wales is haunted by a ` lade of the lake '     nantwich has the last inland brine pool in the country for aches and pains .
andrew hichens on call to deal with crimes , fires and medical emergencies .     first person to be trained and equipped as a first responder to all 999 calls .     emergency services brought together under one roof in hayle , cornwall .     but devon and cornwall police federation chair called it a ` publicity stunt '
mered medhanie and ermias ghermay ` have made # 72m in last two years '     medhanie heard on police wiretap mocking the fatal overcrowding of ships .     ghermay reportedly said : ' i do n't know what happened , they probably died '     pair wanted over major smuggling ring , but are hiding in lawless libya .
father : `` i know he went through what he went through ''     louis jordan was found on his sailboat , which was listing and in bad shape , rescuer says .     he appears to be in good shape , physically and mentally .
england close day one of first test against west indies on 341 for five .     ian bell , joe root and ben stokes all played well to lead the recovery .     england 's top three were all dismissed cheaply to leave england in a hole .     when england were 34 for three i received a lot of comments about my supposed motivational skills . i replied that i only spoke to the middle order .     paul newman 's day one report from antigua .
james best , who played the sheriff on `` the dukes of hazzard , '' died monday at 88 .     `` hazzard '' ran from 1979 to 1985 and was among the most popular shows on tv .
karen davis was photographed on google street view flashing her breasts .     she handed herself in after reported by police with disorderly behaviour .     south australian law professor says oral swab test was unnecessary .     professor rick sarre also believed ms davis should not be charged .     police said her ` actions were the same as someone flashing their genitals '     sa country town mum hit back at critics saying they are insecure .     she plans to do a topless skydive for her 40th birthday next year .
it depicts sturgeon as a dominatrix in a short red dress with a whip in hand .     her husband peter murrell gave snp leader the painting as a birthday gift .     he is credited with ` transforming ' her into the national stateswoman she is .     murrell is nicknamed penfold after danger mouse 's loyal hamster sidekick .
australian radio host stands up for women going through ivf treatment .     mel started her own ivf treatment and was showing solidarity with others .     she uploaded photographs of injecting herself for the first time on her blog .     ' i joined a new club ... it 's the ivf baby club , ' the 33-year-old said .     she married her fiancé steven pollack at byron bay in november .
here are six of cnn 's best videos of the week .     clips include a look at mike tyson 's abandoned mansion .
travellers stopping at the st. cloud airport in minnesota can hunt turkey .     pittsburgh airport offers deer hunting permits on its 800 acres of land .     san francisco offers its guests a choice of two yoga rooms to unwind in .
simon wood , 38 , from oldham won masterchef last friday .     father-of-four got cooking skills by feeding culinary creations to his kids .     the award-winning chef says one of his favourite meals is a plain omelette .
tateyama kurobe alpine route opened to the public on today allowing guests to marvel at the colossal snow walls .     the 1000ft section can be walked by visitors , and usually draws a million tourists every year .     the snowy section is part of a 37km route , with sights such as kurobe dam and the hida mountains on the way .
misao okawa , the world 's oldest person dies at the age of 117 .     she passed away on wednesday morning in japan .
store manager claims detective ian cyrus was caught on camera stealing .     new york detectives were arresting workers for selling untaxed cigarettes .     he 's been suspended without pay and his supervisor placed on desk duty .
nathan priestly , 21 , slimmed from from 26 stone to 13 stone over two years .     a failed suicide attempt at 18 was his catalyst for change .     nathan , from norwich , traded alcohol and takeaways for the gym .     he now wants to show his school bullies that he 's defeated them .
william paul was ` revving his engine ' while sitting alone in the truck sunday when passersby alerted authorities in lexington , kentucky .     paul failed field sobriety tests before being taken to a hospital for facial injuries - authorities say suspects in that situation are not arrested .     paul had two previous alcohol-related run-ins with the law before turning 21 in 2013 .     the 22-year-old is a senior studying communications at the university of kentucky .
frankie dettori made it six winners in four days at newbury on saturday .     dettori rode a 441-1 treble complete with famous flying dismounts .     italian rode charlie hills-trained greenham stakes winner muhaarar .     earlier in week it was confirmed dettori would concentrate in british racing .
joan langbord , in her mid-80s , and sons win back ten 1933 double eagles .     family had brought rare coins to secret service when they were taken .     coins from langbord 's father israel switt had been in a lock box until 2003 .     very few of the $ 20 coins exist because fdr ordered us off gold standard .     government said switt stole them , though he could have traded for them .
andrew caldwell , 21 , went viral in november after footage from a st. louis megachurch showed him screaming ' i do n't like mens no more '     he claimed to have been ` delivered ' , or cured of being gay .     caldwell had yogurt thrown at him at a froyo in delmar on wednesday .     he claims the employee recognized him and lashed out .     however the worker , stephanie diaz , said caldwell called her a ` dog '
experts say it 's time to replace coconut oil with pumpkin seed oil .     rich in vitamins a , k and e , as well as vital minerals and fatty acids .     health aficionado gwyneth paltrow is already a fan .
gang built cabinet so one of them could hide inside large void in middle .     wanted to secretly switch euros for fake cash during deal in manchester .     officers recovered $ 2.2 m in counterfeit money and # 52,000 of real notes .     four men aged 17 , 37 , 45 and 73 are jailed for total of almost ten years .
david cameron will put small business at the heart of election campaign .     prime minister has faced criticism for lacking passion in recent weeks .     cameron said he made ` no apology ' for tories focusing on the economy .
ashley james joined forces with peta to star in the grisly campaign .     harvey nichols abandoned its strict fur-free policy last year .     liberty london , selfridges and house of fraser are still anti-fur .
bookmakers coral have sue perkins as favourite to replace ousted clarkson .     she is evens to take the job behind x-factor presenter dermot o'leary on 2-1 .     bbc sacked clarkson after he hit top gear producer oisin tymon in public .
weald basin estimated to contain 100billion barrels of oil , new report says .     uk oil & gas investments claims the site could supply 30 % of uk 's needs .     if the maximum amount of oil is extracted it will be worth # 600billion .     but some experts warn the site in sussex will be difficult to exploit .
leah williamson scores penalty as england earn 2-2 against norway .     uefa ordered the final 18 seconds of the qualifier to be replayed after a refereeing mistake .     the action lasted 65 seconds from point whistle was blown to full-time .     referee marija kurtes incorrectly awarded an indirect free-kick to norway for encroachment after disallowing england 's penalty on saturday .     england were 2-1 down to norway at the time in the 96th minute .     german kurtes , 28 , has been sent home following her error .     three lions earn 3-1 victory against switzerland meaning a 2-2 will be enough for european championship qualification .     norway beat northern ireland 8-1 to keep things tight in group 4 .     it is the first time ever that a decision like this has been taken by uefa .     watch video below of the controversial penalty incident .     read : graham poll 's expert verdict on uefa 's bizarre decision .
stella , 24 , is irish and one of ten new victoria 's secret angels .     her father worked as a diplomat so she travelled all over the world as child .     scouted in new zealand and has starred in major campaigns .     recently partied in las vegas with miley cyrus .
three victims were part of a group of ten friends from san francisco and the east coast who were staying in mendocino county to hunt for abalone .     they dived into rough choppy water and found themselves almost immediately in trouble .     abalone is an expensive , prized mollusk that is considered a delicacy .
reserve deputy robert bates surrenders to authorities , posts bail of $ 25,000 .     bates is charged with second-degree manslaughter in the killing of eric harris .
uruma takezawa , a japanese photographer , has just won the third annual nikkei national geographic photo prize .     formerly a marine photographer , takezawa 's latest project documents those who live off the land in harmony .     he embarked on a round-the-world photography trip in march 2010 , which took him to all corners of the world .
appleinsider spotted nine listings in the past month relating to batteries .     these include one for an ios battery life software engineer and another for ios software power systems engineer .     apple significantly improved the battery life on its iphone 6 and 6 plus .     but it has been criticised for phones and tablets that only do n't last a day .
robots are made out of old car parts and have cctv cameras as heads .     originally created by artist giles walker for a show called ` peepshow ' .
unnamed child from medina , ohio , allegedly swiped cash from bedside table .     police say he handed out $ 100 notes at school , then at a friend 's house .     also gave money to children 's parents , who took them on spending spree .     after authorities found out , some $ 7,000 of the stash has been recovered .     prosecutors say charges will soon be filed in the case .
officer michael slager is being held at charleston county jail .     his 8-months pregnant wife jamie and mom karen visited him on friday .     housed in housed in a room with one small window and does not have any interaction with any other detainees at charleston county jail .     slager , 33 , is charged with murder after opening fire on walter scott , 50 , after reportedly stopping him over a broken tail light in north charleston .     dashcam footage shows scott running from his car after being pulled over .     minutes later slager shot him in the back in a nearby park .
was promoting avengers : age of ultron in interview for channel 4 in uk .     hollywood star was furious when questioning suddenly became personal .     stormed off when asked about drugs and his relationship with his father .     he spent time in california substance abuse facility and prison .     actor was arrested numerous times between 1996 and 2001 .     downey jr 's son indio was arrested for drug possession last june .
hamayun tariq , 37 , shared four images of the factory on his twitter page .     father of two said he produces ` sophisticated ieds ' for isis in the room .     the divorced jihadi was born and raised in dudley in the west midlands .     joined isis last year after serving a prison sentence in the uk for fraud .
linda hogan purchased the 23.63-acre property for $ 3.5 m a year after she divorced the wwe hall of famer in 2009 .     linda remodeled the 6,300 sq ft house , adding stone walls , stone fireplaces , carved wood details and coffered ceilings .     the five bedroom , 5.5 bathroom estate , which has been put up for sale , also features a 1,200 sq ft guest house .
sunderland face a fight to remain in the premier league after poor season .     the black cats sit only three points above the drop zone .     strugglers fell to humiliating 4-1 loss against crystal palace last weekend .     sunderland are without a game this weekend before they travel to stoke .
india mayhew was on second day of a holiday when the tragedy happened .     seven-year-old 's horse bolted at a riding facility in matheran , near mumbai .     suffered serious head injuries and was declared dead on arrival at hospital .     the youngster had been riding just metres ahead of her father gavin , 43 .
flower shops in jeff davis county say they want religious freedom bill .     employees say they would deny service to gay people even if it 's illegal .     georgia legislature ended session this week without considering bill .     pizzeria in indiana bombarded with calls after refusing gay wedding .
spring is the perfect time to fill your home with seasonal flowers .     we 've gathered a list of simple , unlikely tips to help them last .     include spraying them in hairspray and keeping them far away from fruit .
mauricio pochettino takes tottenham to his former club southampton .     saints fans encouraged to wear orange for ` ronald koeman day '     clothing company has printed t-shirts with the dutchman 's quote : ` the key is to believe in ourselves '
warning comes from the london eye hospital in harley street .     comes after rise in patients previously given poor information or care .     said laser eye surgeons are presently only required to be registered as doctors - and no specialist qualifications are legally required .
temitope adebamiro arrested friday and charged with first-degree murder .     police called to home in bear , delaware , on thursday and found husband .     adeyinka adebamiro stabbed in upper body and wife wore bloody clothes .     initially claimed death was a suicide but her story changed several times .     suspect told police husband abused her even while she was pregnant .     now held without bail at delores j baylor women 's correctional institution .
willis never trademarked her most-famous work , calling it `` my gift to the city ''     she created some of the city 's most famous neon work .
witness who took video of shooting said when he arrived officer was on top of walter scott .     feidin santana says walter scott did n't take michael slager 's taser .     santana said he never saw officers perform cpr before he left the scene to go to work .
deborah kane , from manchester , had a melanoma behind her eye .     doctors think it may have been a result of wearing cheap sunglasses .     she has also had two cancerous lumps removed from neck and leg .     mother-of-two was badly burned in lanzarote at the age of 15 .
charli , from queensland , australia , has turned charliscraftykitchen into youtube 's largest food channel in less than three years .     the channels earns an average of 29 million views per month .     charli 's five-year-old sister ashlee also stars in the how-to cooking clips .     one of their most popular videos , which demonstrates how to make frozen-themed popsicles , has received 57 million views in less than a year .
`` i had never seen a judge conduct himself in that way , '' defendant 's lawyer says .     a judge reduces prison sentences for 3 educators in the atlanta public schools cheating scandal .     `` i 'm not comfortable with it , '' judge jerry baxter said of the original longer sentences .
lorry left roof suspended on hedge behind it near birdlip , gloucestershire .     police officer tweeted picture as warning to other drivers on country roads .     driver may now be prosecuted for motoring offence after police attended .
florida mailman breaches no-fly zone and lands gyro-copter on us capitol west front lawn .     doug hughes , 61 , concocted the stunt to raise awareness of campaign finance reform .     flew undetected from an undisclosed location near to washington d.c and landed at 2pm .     stunned bystanders just watched as the helicopter flew past the gen. ulysses grant statue and came to a halt .     he has been planning the stunt for two years and said he kept his wife in the dark about it .
the illusion is the work of german body-painting artist joerg duesterwald , who spent hours painting his model .     stunning set of pictures was taken in front of a rockface in a forest in langenfeld , germany , yesterday .
lewis hamilton qualified in pole position for sunday 's bahrain grand prix .     ferrari 's sebastian vettel pipped mercedes ' nico rosberg to second .     rosberg 's father keke was 1982 world champion .     rosberg and his wife vivian are expecting their first child in august .     while hamilton courts fame and has a lavish lifestyle , rosberg 's focus is on his family while his life is more settled .
becky james is in her last week of rehab following a serious knee injury .     james is hoping she can resume ` normal training ' in upcoming weeks .     the 23-year-old supported boyfriend george north during six nations .
princess , 25 , looked chic in a white and gold dress .     mingled with kelly brook and dakota fanning at the dinner .     cousin of princes william and harry is working at auction house in city .
complex human conversation began around 50,000 to 100,000 years ago .     professor shigeru miyagawa notes single words bear traces of syntax .     he says this shows the words came from an older , syntax-laden system .     he believes humans combined an ` expressive ' layer of language , as seen in birdsong , with a ` lexical ' layer , as seen in monkeys .
a russian presidential aide says kim will be in moscow for may 9 victory day celebrations , news agency reports .     this victory day marks the 70 years since the soviet victory over germany in world war ii .
andreas lubitz , the co-pilot who crashed the germanwings flight , battled with depression .     jay ruderman and jo ann simons : society must talk about mental illness to help people cope with it better .
warrington wolves host castleford tigers on easter monday .     daryl clark will be facing the home-town club he left last year .     wolves are keen to end a a three-match super league losing streak .     widnes viking will rest a host of regular for visit to catalan dragons .
google has already patented system to swap robot personalities .     sebastian thrun says system to swap personalities is ` doable '
kendall schler crept onto the go ! st. louis marathon 's course last weekend after the last checkpoint and did n't run the entire 26.2 miles .     her times that qualified her to run in monday 's boston marathon have now been erased , and her spot in the event has been vacated .     the true winner of the race was a woman named angela karl .
probe carried out by powys council in welshpool and llandrindod wells .     council needs to issue 40 per cent more parking tickets just to break even .     councillors shadowed wardens and found infringements going unticketed .
the 42-year-old mother-of-two tweeted a picture of her $ 29 grocery shop , which included eggs , vegetables , brown rice and black beans .     gwyneth is taking part in the new york city food bank challenge , which aims to raise awareness and funds for the city 's food banks .     the city 's weekly food stamp allowance is just $ 29 per person per week .     gwyneth 's healthy food choices have already come under fire from critics who claim they contain nowhere near enough calories for a whole week .
experts first identified the rare condition in 2000 , noting seven symptoms .     sufferers first appear anxious and agitated and are consumed by a need to be clean before donning a toga-like gown often made from bed linen .     they are then overcome by the need to scream verses from the bible .     a procession to one of the city 's holy places is followed by them delivering a ` sermon ' in public .
jet named the resurrected veteran restored by u.s. father and son team .     flown at air shows as tribute to all servicemen who have died in combat .
hina shamim died after she was knocked down outside university library .     the 21-year-old student was due to celebrate her birthday in a few weeks .     crash involved a bmw carrying five children as young as four and a bus .     driver , 34 , arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving .
lily sharp convinced her mother that she had been kidnapped .     she text her mum pretending to be a kidnapper demanding a ransom .     unsurprisingly her panicked parent did not find the trick funny .     twitter post received 18,000 retweets and 25,000 favourites .
the patriots qb posted a picture of himself in a hospital bed on facebook and wrote : ` jordan 's crossover no joke '     brady and michael jordan spotted playing some pick-up ball few days ago .     google had a few bizarre treats for users along with domino 's pizza which apparently introduced the ` domi-no-driver '
iona costello , 51 , and daughter emily went missing on march 30 .     recognized by someone at the new york hotel they were staying in on sunday .     nypd officers questioned them and say the case is now closed .     iona called her mother , diana malcolmson , at 3:30 a.m. on monday morning to tell her she was ok .     ` she had n't listened to the news . she did n't know she was causing all this trouble , ' said malcolmson said .
chef , who last appeared on bbc in 2012 , will host simply nigella on bbc 2 .     show will include food that makes us feel ` more alive and less stressed '     nigella co-hosted u.s show taste but was stopped from entering country after admitting past cocaine use .
the spanish royal made a speech at the woman awards in madrid .     she presented mexican actress salma hayek with an award .     letizia was glamorous in a sequinned dress and showed off a bob .     backless dress revealed a set of sharply defined back muscles .     ms hayek , 48 , brought her seven-year-old daughter valentina along .
bath and yale university scientists reveal clean hydrogen power .     using a new material they say it can be generated from easily from water .     a new molecular catalyst splits water and makes storable energy .     breakthrough could provide the world with more sustainable fuels .
mandi l. walkley , 39 , and jacob m. austin , 52 , had been in the dungeness bay for one to two hours before the coast guard could rescue them .     they both passed away from their injuries after being hospitalized .     william d. kelley , 50 , was also rescued by the coast guard and has improved from critical to serious condition .     weather was predicted to be stormy on saturday and an advisory had been issued on friday , according to the sheriff 's office .     but friend dennis caines , who was kayaking with the group , said the weather had been calm earlier that day .
kite 's total length is 6km -lrb- 3.7 miles -rrb- and is made of 2,000 sections .     but only half was allowed to fly after concerns from air traffic control .     appalling weather conditions meant visibility at kite flying festival in chongqing was down to 50 metres at times .
west brom lost 3-2 to qpr earlier in the season having led the game 2-0 .     hoops midfielder joey barton accused the baggies of losing their cool in a result that would contribute to former manager alan irvine 's sacking .     new boss tony pulis has admitted that barton ` probably had a point '     the two teams meet in the premier league on saturday at the hawthorns .     pulis has steadied the ship at west brom since taking over in january and the club looks unlikely to be relegated this term .
farmer from eastern china confesses he 's puzzled by the newborn kid .     the 20-day-old goat was born with four fore legs and two hind legs .     owner says unusual animal has an extraordinary appetite and is playful .     extra legs wo n't be removed as farmer wants kid to grow up naturally .
flights diverted from dubai international airport because of freak weather .     a 24-year-old was seriously injured in car collision during the sandstorm .     forecasters warn high winds are set to continue over the weekend .
alison sharland agreed a # 10.34 million settlement with her ex-husband .     but ex-husband charlie had lied about the value of his share in appsense .     it 's claimed his value in the company may be worth up to # 132million .     she has won the right to reopen their divorce battle in the supreme court .
dayna dobias , 19 , has created a video in which she dances despite having a disability that makes it difficult for her to walk .     she loves tv , film and fashion , and says she 's not happy with how people with disabilities are represented .     the teen has created several videos during the past year aimed at changing stereotypes .
edinburgh engineer detailed how bullion was lost during secret mission .     leonard h. thomas served on hms ulster queen during arctic convoys .     his secret diaries reveal a crate of bullion was lost while being transferred .     mr thomas wrote it fell into river clyde while being moved to another ship .     the mission was so secretive it is not known if bullion was ever recovered .
gran canaria is one of the most popular winter holidays for britons .     it is said to have the best climate in the world , according to a us scientist .     instead of driving the motorways , take the winding mountain roads to see cobbled villages .
students stampeded ; some jumped from a fifth story at a dorm ; one student died , school officials say .     the blasts were caused by faulty electrical cable , and kenya power is at the school .     the panic came less than two weeks after terrorists attacked kenya 's garissa university .
michael wilkie was found guilty in january of first-degree murder in january for the 2012 killing of his third wife , shelby wilkie .     his second wife , amanda casey , has opened up about the abuse she faced before divorcing .     casey said that he controlled aspects of her life and was physically abusive , particularly when she was pregnant .     she even said she feared that michael wilkie would kill her .     she said she never warned shelby wilkie , but told her she was there if she needed someone to talk to shortly before she disappeared .
jamie carragher believes brendan rodgers is the right man for liverpool .     rodgers under pressure after a third straight season without a trophy .     liverpool are also on course to finish outside the top four this season .     carragher received a beacon award for his community work on tuesday .
holden recalled 26,000 colorado 's as they are at risk of catching alight .     five customers have reportedly claimed to have ` thermal incidents '     affected models were made between september 2013 and january 2015 .     holden is the most recalled car in 2015 with five instances in four months .     the accc announced safety recalls in australia are steadily on the rise .
rugby league star james lockwood has been banned for two years .     featherstone prop tested positive for growth hormone releasing factors .     former dewsbury player was part of team that lost 2014 grand final .
police have said they believe william tyrrell may be alive after six months .     they revealed this information has changed the focus of the investigation .     police have issued a strong warning for anyone found connected .     the parents of the toddler released a heartfelt plea for his safe return .     his mother spoke of the moment she realised he was missing .     she said she searched the house in circles telling him to yell out .     his mother said she knew he was missing when she could n't hear him .     the toddler vanished from his home in kendall , nsw in september 2014 .
romelu lukaku to have late fitness test on hamstring complaint .     kevin mirallas and steven pienaar in contention to feature for toffees .     steven davis a doubt for southampton with groin injury .     saints striker jay rodriguez working way back to full fitness .
.50 - caliber bullets equipped with optical sensors can follow moving targets .     the `` smart bullets '' can help shooters compensate for high winds .     the goal of the program is to give shooters greater range and make american troops safer .
boris johnson said he hopes to be considered for tory leadership after pm .     but london mayor insisted position would not become vacant for 5 years .     david cameron named mr johnson as one of three potential successors .
detectives raided dr rory lyons ' private health centre in alderney .     dr lyons is also suspended by the medical practitioners tribunal service .     action sparked by death of karen cosheril , 52 , from pneumonia in january .     probe uncovered three more deaths of concern - including karen 's cousin .
volvo says it will begin exporting chinese-built cars to the u.s. in may .     it 's the first time `` made in china '' cars will be available in u.s. showrooms .     but it 's unlikely that chinese car brands will take on developed markets .
elon musk 's spacex and jeff bezos ' blue origin are among several us companies engaged in the private space business .     blue origin , llc , keeps a low profile in van horn , texas , a way station along interstate 10 .     the highly visible spacex venture is at the opposite end of the state .     bezos ' wealth is estimated at nearly $ 35 billion , musk 's at $ 12 billion .     both men hope to launch a new era of commercial space operations , in part by cutting costs through reusable rockets .
british tabloid releases video it says shows the robbery being carried out .     british police say they did n't respond to a burglar alarm in jewelry district .     police give no value of the amount taken in the heist in london 's jewelry district .
aston villa face liverpool in their fa cup at wembley on sunday .     the winners will either face reading or arsenal from the other semi-final .     fa cup final will take place at wembley on may 30 .
hannah brierley , 16 , initially thought 6ft-long snake was a prank by mother .     but when it suddenly moved she realised the northern pine snake was real .     she shouted mother karen marriott who panicked and called police for help .     det con craig wallace used a pillowcase to capture it and taken to rspca .     believed to have got in through window or door in the recent warm weather .
united finished the game with 10 men after michael carrick came off .     sergio aguero reached the 100-goal mark faster than any other city player .     james milner hurled an energy pouch to the floor in frustration after he was replaced by samir nasri .     united felt that martin demichelis overreacted when caught by a flailing arm from marouane fellaini .
gloucester led 13-11 at half-time thanks to a billy meakes try .     a charlie walker try and two nick evans penalties kept quins in the hunt .     charlie sharples register another try for the cheery and whites .     but two more evans three-pointers kept the home side in front .     late tries from marland yarde and ollie lindsay-hague secured the win .
jason matthews , 40 , parked in side street before manchester marathon .     after finishing race in five hours 11 minutes he was unable to find saab 93 .     delivery driver spent hours searching around old trafford stadium .     council has no record of the car being towed or impounded .
indonesian president widodo warned it wo n't be long until convicted drug smugglers andrew chan and myuran sukumaran face the firing squad .     the two australians will be put to death along eight other drug felons .     three of them are currently awaiting the results of their appeals .     president widodo said he will not get involved in outstanding appeals .
lakenya hall of kenner , lousiana was arrested after driving six children to a fight .     this after they had already been in a fight at their bus stop .     two of the chidlren were hall 's , ages 15 and 11 , and one boy , 14 , was shot in the leg .     hall was charged with six counts of contributing to the delinquency of a juvenile and disturbing the peace .     her two sons as well as the man who shot the child hall brought to the fight were also arrested .     more arrests are expected as police say their is a video of the fight .
alissa sizemore , from vernal , utah , was only seven-years-old when her right leg had to be amputated below the knee after she was hit by a truck .     the dancer removed her prosthetic leg midway though her emotional performance .     alissa recently starred in a music video for the utah-based musical trio gentri .
paddy morrall noticed image after wood was left in rain for several hours .     31-year-old said he was not normally a religious guy but it was easter .
julie ronayne was given # 160,000 after a botched hysterectomy in 2008 .     she contracted peritonitis following surgery at liverpool women 's hospital .     husband edward was given # 9,000 for ` shock ' and being ` secondary victim '     nhs fighting payout , fearing it could open the floodgates to similar claims .
yamini karanam , 26 , was diagnosed with a pineal brain tumour .     surgeons operating to extract the growth made a startling discovery .     they found a teratoma - an embryonic twin with bone , hair and teeth .     teratomas are often found in ovaries , testes but more rarely in the brain .
41-year-old mother-of-two has battled back from injury .     will take part in london marathon on sunday but wo n't race competitively .     she set marathon world record on the course in 2003 .     but also suffered embarrassment with loo stop in 2005 event .
marseille manager marcelo bielsa has previously been nicknamed ` el loco '     bielsa 's bible says : ` running is commitment , running is understanding , running is everything '     marseille face psg at home on sunday night in ligue 1 title clash .
barcelona cruised into uefa champions league semi-finals .     neymar and andres iniesta star men for barca in 2-0 win over psg .     paris saint-germain lost 5-1 on aggregate and must make smart transfers .     neymar has blend of cristiano ronaldo and lionel messi .
ursula ward 's wrongful death suit against hernandez , 25 , is set to proceed .     suit seeking unspecified damages was put on hold during criminal trial .     hernandez made millions and had $ 40million contract at time of murder .     convicted april 15 of first-degree murder for killing lloyd in june of 2013 .
the time lapse footage captures the train descending the 9km long track .     video opens in tunnel built into swiss mountain before train heads outside .     train passes skiers before picking up speed and reaching the station .     the track runs from kleine scheidegg -lrb- 2061m -rrb- to jungraujoch -lrb- 3454m -rrb- .     opened in 1912 , the track is visited by more than 800,000 people per year .
businessman kim davies bought llanwenarth house in monmouthshire in 2006 and spent # 1million on renovations .     he installed a whirlbooth bath with shiny tiles , put up gaudy chandeliers and ripped out antique timber windows .     davies has now pleaded guilty to breaking planning laws by altering the historic grade ii-listed home .     poet cecil frances alexander wrote all things bright and beautiful while staying at the house in 1848 .
japanese researchers studied ancient stone weapons created by humans .     they were no more effective than neanderthal-created tools of same era .     suggests humans and neanderthals may not have behaved that differently .     contradicts theory that human hunting led to the demise of neanderthals .
shocking footage has emerged of three young thugs threatening a driver .     the red ute appeared frustrated as they attempted to overtake a slow car .     when the ute pulled up in front of another car , three people got out .     an armed woman was seen stabbing the car 's bonnet on a melbourne road .     the ute driver has been suspended for 12 months and hit with a $ 2000 fine .     police are investigating the woman who was armed with a weapon .
drunk teenage boy climbed into lion enclosure at zoo in west india .     rahul kumar , 17 , ran towards animals shouting ` today i kill a lion ! '     fortunately he fell into a moat before reaching lions and was rescued .
william barber : mcdonald 's will raise minimum wage $ 1 for 10 % of workers . this is a step in right direction but falls short in three ways .     he says it leaves out 90 % of workers , is not enough to lift workers from poverty , company prevents workers from speaking out in a union .
second modified , armored van spotted near des moines , iowa alongside the one that hillary clinton travels in .     visually identical black vehicles ' biggest difference is the color of their new york license plates .     one is a chevy and the other a gmc but they are mechanically identical and one was seen using secret service-fitted red and blue lights .     van dubbed ` scooby ' in homage to the scooby-doo cartoon show brought clinton to iowa from her new york house .     ` scooby-two ' made its debut in norwalk , iowa on wednesday outside a fruit processing plant where clinton made a scripted appearance .
the post and courier newspaper of charleston , south carolina was awarded the gold medal for public service .     meanwhile , the new york times won three pulitzer prizes for international reporting and feature photography for its ebola coverage in west africa .     the pulitzer prizes , awarded annually by columbia university recognize extraordinary work in u.s. journalism , literature , and drama .     other winners included : the st. louis post-dispatch , the seattle times and the wall street journal for their contributions .
josh darnbrough only noticed the tattoo on his back the following day .     it was the handy work of his best friend rob gaskell .     rob was getting revenge for a botched diy tattoo josh had given him .     the pair are both getting their tattoos removed and remain friends .     watch the full story on tattoo disasters , tuesday april 21 , 2015 at 9pm on spike , sky tv -lrb- ch 160 -rrb- , freesat -lrb- ch 141 -rrb- and freeview -lrb- ch 31 -rrb- .
indianara carvalho , 23 , triumphed in 2014 's miss bumbum contest .     she posted the controversial nude to instragram snap on good friday .     fans blasted the model for her lack of ` respect ' to god .     last year , miss carvalho had vaginal surgery to ` restore ' her virginity .
anthony joshua has now won his first 11 professional fights .     he needed just three rounds to beat jason gavern in newcastle .     gavern was dropped twice in round two and again in the third .     joshua now takes on kevin johnson at the o2 on may 30 .
vlad tarasov could n't resist filming himself ski down the slopes at boston 's largest snow farm located in the city 's seaport district .     his one-minute video gives a first-person perspective of pushing through the filthy , trash-filled ice pile that served as a dumping ground for the snow .     ` i 've been skiing for 20 years , but never like this , ' he said about the ` surreal ' experience .     junk in the filthy snow included rusted lawn chairs , parking cones , broken bottles and even a dead seagull .
sheriff mbye , 18 , died in hospital after being stabbed outside a kfc .     a 19-year-old suffered serious stab wounds and is in a critical condition .     police are trying to trace a ` number of men ' as part of murder investigation .     an 18-year-old from birmingham has been arrested on suspicion of murder .
german forces launched first attack using gas on april 22 , 1915 .     150,000 tons of gas were used by german and allied forces in ww1 .     around one million soldiers were exposed to gas and 90,000 killed .     prohibition of chemical weapons organisation to hold memorial event .
two baggage handlers were caught on camera at the airport in riyadh .     video shows them hurling luggage without regard for the contents .     clip begins with a suitcase being thrown and landing with a heavy thud .     some bags appeared to be heavy or wrapped as though they were fragile .     authorities said two supervisors and three workers have been sacked .
solar plane attempting to be first to circumnavigate world without using fuel is stuck in china .     solar impulse 2 attempts to prove the power of renewable energy .
dale forrest would go out drinking regularly and would eat fatty food .     dined on cheese and sausage bap for breakfast and kfc for lunch .     decided to lose weight after seeing photos of him next to slim friends .     started going to the gym and eating healthy foods and lost 10 stone .
darius is world 's largest rabbit at 4ft 4in , weighing three and a half stone .     but his son jeff is 3ft 8in and still has six months left of growing to do .     the monstrous pair are owned by annette edwards , of worcestershire .     both munch through 2,000 carrots and 700 apples per year , costing # 5,000 .
andy murray and kim sears are getting married in dunblane this weekend .     preparations are underway for their nuptials at the town 's cathedral .     the decor echoes that of prince william 's wedding to kate middleton .
a woman at an ohio walmart says an officer forced her to sit in her car after she left her dog sitting in the parking lot april 12 .     last year , a truth or consequences , new mexico woman filed a complaint alleging a similar mistreatment .
for those who were n't disconnected , only 40percent actually got through .     many of those people had to wait on hold for more than 30 minutes , irs commissioner john koskinen said wednesday .     he blamed budget cuts approved by congress for the phone problems .     the agency 's budget has been cut by $ 1.2 billion since 2010 .
jeffrey klein apologizes for tweet with search for susan del percio .     state senator said that newly hired female staffer accidentally sent it .     experienced strategist del percio said that incident was ` silly mistake '
the burmese capital was moved from yangon -lrb- rangoon -rrb- to naypyidaw , inexplicably , about a decade ago .     despite multi-million dollar efforts to build up the city , foreigners are not keen to visit and locals refuse to relocate .     the official numbers reveal a population of 924,000 , but rarely have people been photographed walking outside .
exclusive : richard harpin has given the tories # 375,000 since 2008 .     mr harpin is the chief executive of maintenance firm homeserve .     company was fined a record # 30million last year for mis-selling insurance .     customers were misled or bullied into buying policies they did not need .
those who often dine out are more likely to have elevated blood pressure .     eating out is associated with higher calorie , saturated fat and salt intake .     researchers found 27.4 % of singapore 's population had pre-hypertension .     of these , more than a third ate more than 12 meals out every week .
the bag was a 50th birthday gift from her investments manager husband .     it was made in japan from african nile crocodile - an endangered species .     customs officials took it because ` endangered ' imports need special permits .     sabine smouha from hampstead has now won two-year battle for its return .
billy-anne huxham was abducted from her caboolture home on tuesday .     she was located on thursday night by police on aerodrome road .     she was allegedly taken by 32-year-old ex-boyfriend carl garry chapman .     chapman was reportedly carrying a firearm when he was apprehended .     he has been charged with a string of offences including torture and assault .     chapman , who was out on bail , is due to face the magistrate on saturday .
christopher swist was on a break from a relationship with jessica mccarty when she allegedly killed her children in palm bay , florida , police say .     lacey mccarty , seven , phillip mccarty , six , and swist 's son with mccarty , a five-month-old also named christopher swist , died in march .     swist was close with the kids and coached the two oldest in little league .     he 's created a non-profit for underprivileged kids in honor of the children .     a little league baseball field in palm bay has been renamed ` angels ' field ' as a memorial for the slain kids .     mccarty faces three counts of first-degree murder for the incident .
analogue watch was released in 1997 to promote apple 's mac os .     has a circular face and colourful hands , unlike apple 's modern watch .     vintage timepiece is listed for $ 2,500 -lrb- # 1,707 -rrb- on ebay .     shoppers could buy five of the new apple watch sports for less cash .
ambermarie irving-elkins felt a few contractions on thursday morning but thought she had time to go to an la courthouse to pay a fine .     but while she was there , she felt the baby coming - and knew she did not have enough time to get to hospital .     officers ran to her aid and caught baby malachi as he was born .
young girl in gardena , california , disappeared from car wash at 4.55 pm .     discovered sitting alone in parking lot outside burger restaurant at 7pm .     police searching for driver of white nissan altima with tinted windows .
bradford brewery tweeted george galloway asking if he was ` still a thing '     respect candidate for bradford west replied saying tweet was ` unwise '     spat went viral and bradford brewing company has seen its sales spike .     beer makers even plan to run for mp if galloway is re-elected on may 7 .
ellen weirich opened her us school after successfully helping a friend .     le femme now helps both transgender and cross-dressers alike .     women are taught airs and graces required to be more female .     also taught how to cover up stubble and create a convincing cleavage .
three british men wo n't be charged or deported , their lawyer says .     they were arrested after plane spotting near fujairah airport and have been in jail since february 22 .
a selection of notes from british artist 's 1,500-note collection goes on display in london .     artist spent six years trawling streets finding scraps of paper detailing people 's lives .     in era of smartphones and social media , notes provide reminder of power of handwritten word .
school print shop operator ron lane was killed , college president says .     the man believed to be the gunman is identified as former student kenneth stancil .     the two knew each other , authorities say .
scientist : fossils once renamed should again be classified as brontosaurus .     study took five years and involved visits to 20 museums worldwide .
iranians celebrate deal online and in the streets .
italian couple fined # 9,000 for having noisy sex in san martino apartment .     neighbours took them to court in 2009 over ` deafening ' sex session noise .     pair now ordered to pay damages to nearby residents for noise pollution .
kecil the one-year-old orangutan was taken to chicago zoo after being rejected by his mother and surrogate mother .     he was eventually given to maggie , 53 , who had already raised four children of her own and another surrogate .     keepers were concerned pair might not bond , but ten months later they have formed an inseparable connection .     kecil will go on display for the first time this weekend alongside his mother , but only for two hours at a time .
robin van persie , adnan januzaj , jonny evans , tyler blackett , james wilson and rafael all started for man united .     man united first team stars januzaj and rafael sustained injuries during the 1-1 draw at the king power stadium .     van persie boosted his chances of starting against everton on sunday by playing 62 minutes of under 21 encounter .     both goals came during the first half as sean goss cancelled out leicester forward harry panayiotou 's opener .
blood moon will be visible in the skies of north america , asia and australia .     it 's the third blood moon in the ` tetrad ' that will end in september .     red moons are predicted in the bible and signify important events .     us pastor says strange event could predict the second coming .
former pm john howard 's car was left with a flat tyre recently in sydney .     felicity waterford was waiting at the sydney conservatorium of music when she spotted the black car in front .     she hopped out to offer assistance when she realised it was mr howard .     before they raced off ms waterford convinced him to pose for a selfie .     it comes weeks after education minister christopher pyne was challenged to change car tyre on live television after claiming to be a ` fixer '
austin hatfield of wimauma was keeping the potentially deadly snake , aka a cottonmouth , in a pillow case in his bedroom .     a friend said hatfield 's ` not afraid of death ' and the 18-year-old won himself the chance to face death down on saturday .     hatfield was rushed to a tampa hospital in critical condition but has since improved and he 's expected to recover .
floyd mayweather is thought to have net worth between $ 280m and $ 300m .     mayweather has earned $ 400m during his boxing career .     the boxer is not afraid to splash the cash and show it off .     he is partial to buying the odd super car and also owns a private jet .     mayweather takes on manny pacquiao in las vegas on may 2 .     mayweather and mariah carey pose as pacquiao sings with jimmy kimmel .     click here for all the latest floyd mayweather vs manny pacquiao news .
harley street is a top destination for private cosmetic surgery .     patients pay thousands for treatments they hope will change their lives .     michael , 33 , spent # 7,500 on a hair transplant to boost his self-esteem .     andrea , 72 , pays for a facelift - but her husband ca n't tell the difference .
in italy , one oceanfront property was used as a summer home by european royalty until the 1940s .     meanwhile , in mauritius , a new 288-villa development is underway situated in a protected nature reserve .     antigua 's villa nicobar has neighbours , such as giorgio armani , who are as stylish as its airy interiors .
nancy kanwisher works at the massachusetts institute of technology .     she used her bare scalp to explain what the different brain regions are .     the short video was posted on the scientist 's brain talks website .
aaron hernandez will serve life in souza-baranowski correctional center outside boston .     souza opened in 1998 and is one of the most high-tech jails in the united states .     it 's also `` dangerous , '' `` sterile '' and `` violent , '' a legal advocate for inmates says .
australian warren rodwell was held hostage for 472 days and feared his abu sayyaf captors would behead him .     he was freed in march 2013 after his family successfully managed to raise a ransom .     now he fears he will not receive victims of terrorism overseas compensation .     unless prime minister tony abbott decides otherwise , his kidnapping is not listed as a ` declared terrorist event '     asio has officially declared abu sayyaf as a terrorist organisation .
amanda holden is presenting news heartbreaking series on itv .     show highlights plight of rspca 's newbrook farm animal centre .     hopes animals featured will find new homes each week .
queen victoria 's holiday residence was osborne house on the isle of wight .     but her journeys there involved train and ferry ride and then another train ride to a station more than two miles from the property .     in 1875 , a station was built at whippingham just to serve royal residence .     building is now a five-bedroom home , currently on the market for # 625,000 .
video narrated by british jihadist fighter emerge from syrian frontline .     shot by al-nusra group after capturing city in north-western province .     man can be heard claiming to have ` liberated ' the city from ` oppression '     syrian government carried out 20 airstrikes on city day after it was shot .
a youtube video shows the scale of an avalanche on mount everest on saturday .     eight nepalis are dead at everest , but not identified ; three americans are also dead .     helicopter rescues are underway to retrieve climbers stranded on everest .
ohio court hears that ryan poston was supposed to meet audrey bolte the night he was shot dead .     shayna hubers , shot dead lawyer ryan poston in 2012 .     she claims it was in self-defense but the prosecution claims it was murder .     hubers , then 21 , told police she shot poston in the face and then fired again to put him out of his misery .
shadow welsh secretary owen smith made comments at a hustings event .     three quarters of labour candidates back scrapping trident system .     replacing deterrent with a ` like for like ' system would cost around # 100bn .
marcus copeland , 44 , won a best mortgage broker award back in 2007 .     he has previously boasted of building his dream # 1million hillside home .     but his double life as a fraudster has emerged after he appeared in court .     copeland admitted a count of fraud in 2007 . he was told jail is an option .
angus hawley 's brother said his late sibling ` did n't have heart problems '     he is reported to have had a suspected heart attack in new york .     angus was a father of four children - lucia , hamish , james and sybella .     he had all four with nicole kidman 's sister antonia before their 2007 split .     both 44-year-old antonia and angus , 46 , remarried following their divorce .     angus ' death comes seven months after dr. antony kidman 's death .     nicole and antonia 's father also died of a heart attack in singapore .
paul downton was swept aside as managing director on wednesday .     downton lost his job following a woeful 2015 world cup performance .     the 58-year-old 's job description has been abolished as a result .
badou jack beat anthony dirrell on points at the uic pavilion .     it saw jack narrowly claim the wbc super-middleweight title .     george groves is the mandatory challenger for the title .
the project accidentally mistook one african-american comic for another .     they used footage of jay pharoah when promoting michael che interview .     viewers of twitter were quick to point out the embarrassing mix-up .     presenter waleed aly apologised for the mistake later in the program .     ironically , aly was the subject of a strikingly similar mix-up this year .
people magazine has named actress sandra bullock the most beautiful woman in the world .     `` be a good person ; be a good mom ; do a good job with the lunch , '' she says .
the 6ft 5in , 330lb nfl player told fans on twitter of his application to uber .     he explained : ` you know what 's better than nfl money ? more money '     he 's yet to play in nfl game but predicted to make $ 510,000 next season .     he will drive passengers around florida in his brand new dodge charger .
floyd mayweather v manny pacquiao is now just nine days away .     sportsmail 's jeff powell has been counting down the greatest fights .     in the sixth of a series of 12 fights that shaped boxing history , we have sugar ray leonard v roberto duran .     leonard humiliated his opponent until he said ` no mas ' - no more .     it took duran three years to reclaim his mantle as a hero in panama .
epic struggle between lioness and giraffe in zimbabwe caught on camera .     the lioness was pictured battling the animal in hwange national park .     predator was very lucky to survive as a kick from a giraffe can be lethal .
john truong of renton , washington says sister dropped off 2-year-old boy ronnie tran at his house tuesday .     sister alyssa chang told him the boy was her boyfriend 's son and they wanted to have a date night .     while scanning facebook the next morning , truong read an amber alert issued for the boy and then called police .     truong 's sister was arrested for kidnapping tran and his mother , with the help of the toddler 's grandmother , 65-year-old vien nguyen .     nguyen later turned herself into police for questioning .     the motive for the abduction has not yet been released .
clare goldwin has forked out for pricey boden clothes for her daughter .     but she has never wanted to be labelled a boden ` yummy mummy ' herself .     the brand seems to have its style and the fashion world is impressed .     clare put a selection of their latest outfits to the test for femail .
mike holpin , from ebbw vale in monmouthshire , has at least 40 children .     ca n't name half of them and has family tree tattoo to help him remember .     around 16 were taken into care ` because of my drinking and womanising '     but 56-year-old wants more because he ` ca n't live without them '     ` in the bible , god says go forth and multiply . i 'm doing what god wants '     holpin has not worked for a decade and said to receive # 27,000 in benefits .     documentary also shines light on 29-year-old father of 15 from sunderland .
ashley arenson said dan fredinburg , 33 , made those around him feel special .     was one of four americans to die at mount everest base camp on saturday .     she said he returned to the area following the devastating avalanche in 2014 .     the engineer had been mapping out the area for google maps since 2013 .     arenson urged people to live life to the fullest , because that is what dan did .
five-year-old had accidentally been locked in by grandma .     she ran to the window to shout her but fell between the metal slats .     neighbours used piece of pipe and other items to take weight off neck .     emergency crews arrived 30 minutes later to free her from railings .
` precious ' brew has been created by japanese liquor company suntory .     it boasts a five per cent alcohol content level and 2g of collagen per can .     collagen is a protein found in skin that provides structure and firmness .     experts are divided over how effective it is when drunk or eaten with food .
ousman jatta married to wife beryl 13 years ago after meeting in gambia .     couple lived in africa until 2006 when mrs jatta became ill with dementia and they moved to bristol .     mr jatta took wife to care home in february when he went to africa .     but he says bristol city council have not allowed her to return home .
hikers often stumble upon the unusual concrete markers and wonder why they were built .     the arrows directed the first air mail planes across the us to deliver post .     they lay at the bottom of lit beacons and showed pilots the direction to fly in to arrive at the next air field .     while they are no longer used , many lie forgotten until they are found by arrow-hunting fans .
britain was sixth from last in a list of the world 's most religious countries .     in thailand 94 per cent of people deemed themselves religious by contrast .     china had the smallest religious community with 61 per cent are atheists .     those under 34 tended to be more religious than other groups , found poll .
has appeared in hobbs and seraphine during her pregnancy .     some of her outfits have cost as little as # 35 , among them asos dress .     recycled dalmatian print hobbs coat from her last pregnancy .
exhausted shoppers regularly fall asleep in ikea stores across china .     cheeky nappers kick off their shoes and get under the covers of displays .     managers forced to ban visitors from taking off their shoes to go to sleep .
lewis hamilton attended nelson mandela 's 90th birthday seven years ago .     30-year-old wanted to say hello to hollywood actor will smith .     f1 world champion is a big fan of former show the fresh prince of bel-air .
novak djokovic beat john isner 7-6 . 6-2 in their miami semi-final .     the world no 1 will take on andy murray in sunday 's final .     djokovic is bidding to win his fifth title at key biscayne .
tottenham travel to newcastle for their premier league clash on sunday .     magpies supporters are planning a mass protest at st james ' park .     spurs boss mauricio pochettino does n't know how this will affect players .
dr habeeb latheef is accused of sexually assaulting three of his patients .     assaults allegedly happened at hendford medical centre in yeovil .     one woman patient , 37 , went to see gp with a stiff neck and headache .
united arab emirates are interested in hosting the 2021 tournament .     rugby league world cup has only been held in major countries - australia , new zealand , france and great britain .     middle east country has the facilities , as well as the financial backing and infrastructure claims sol mokdad , the president of uaerl .
gregg manderson , 68 , of st paul , minnesota , has auditory hallucinations .     he sought help for condition last may when lullaby twinkle , twinkle little star crept into his head .     songs , which have included police sirens , last for about a month , but for years he has heard a bugle call that could be linked to his time in vietnam .     manderson originally did n't know .     theme song to the 1950s western show cheyenne also often in his mind .
jimmy anderson two wickets behind sir ian botham 's record of 383 .     the 32-year-old is playing in his 100th test match for england .     anderson hopes to break botham 's record for most wickets in this test .     england have 17 tests in nine months and must be careful with jimmy .     anderson will be crucial to any hopes of regaining the ashes urn .
those named nigel are twice as likely to vote ukip , according to research .     the three names most likely to vote tory are charlotte , fiona and pauline .     and those named michelle , june or andy are likely to vote for labour .
new archeal virus infects primitive bacteria living off methane underground .     the virus has genes that speed up its own mutation rate helping it to adapt .     scientists believe it holds the key to life surviving in extreme environments .     they discovered the virus in samples taken from beneath the santa monica basin off the coast of california but say the viruses live around the world .
nurhayada sofia fell to her death after being dragged by an escalator .     the 6-year-old was shopping with mother at the mall in pudu , malaysia .     cctv shows her playing with the handrail before she slips through gap .     her mother - who had been on the phone - was said to be inconsolable .
charles n'zogbia turned up for training wearing flowery shirt and trousers .     shay given described it as worst outfit ever as he mocked him on twitter .     villa keeper posted a picture of n'zogbia 's outfit on social media .
canadian policeman luke watson had his hair dyed as part of the day of pink event to fight against bullying in schools .     the event was started after two students stopped bullies from harassing a gay classmate in nova scotia .
tiger woods drilled an iron into a tree root on the ninth hole at augusta .     revealed his wrist bone popped out as a result - so he forced it back .     this is the latest of a string of unfortunate injuries for the 39-year-old .     he ended the tournament tied for 17th , his best finish in over a year .     21-year-old texan jordan spieth became the youngest winner since woods .
performance was at confederation of african football 's event in cairo .     dancer dina talaat said she does not know what all the fuss is about .
bmw mini made the concept augmented vision goggles with qualcomm .     give wearers x-ray vision when parking and pop-up data on the dashboard .     elvis-style glasses are also designed to be worn out of the car .     there 's no news about whether the goggles will ever go on sale .
graph show dominant colours of 94,526 artworks from 1800 to 2000 .     orange and yellow have always been the most popular colour .     in recent years blue has begun to catch up - and nobody is sure why .
holly barber , 25 , thought she was hungover but began coughing up blood .     hospital tests revealed 13 clots called pulmonary embolisms in her lungs .     incredibly , a year later doctors found a melon-sized blockage in her lung .     she must now take blood-thinning medication for the rest of her life .
`` the muppets '' might return to television on abc .     `` the big bang theory '' co-creator bill prady is co-writing a pilot script .     the old muppet gang would return for the variety show .
snp leader nicola sturgeon dismissed claims she wants a tory victory .     she claimed the leaked memo is down to westminster 's fear of the snp .     she called on ed miliband to commit to a deal to ` lock out ' david cameron .     cabinet secretary sir jeremy heywood has announced a full investigation .
ukip leader said he would accept the result of any future eu referendum .     rejected claim ukip would become ` redundant ' if the country voted to stay .     insisted a lost referendum would not deter him from trying to pull out of eu .     mr farage was interviewed for a special question time-style programme .     comes after cameron , clegg and miliband faced questions on live tv .
the black pooch was filmed in action as he took a rescue rope out to his owner at the clarence j. brown dam and reservoir in ohio on saturday .     footage shows the unidentified man then being hauled to shore by firefighters after spending almost two hours in cold waters .
cute but clumsy elephant calf was following his mother though the bush .     suddenly the youngster appeared to catch his foot and his lose balance .     fell over and landed - trunk first - down in the mud at idube game reserve .
cape town students demand cecil rhodes ' statue come down .     they use the hashtag #rhodesmustfall .     school takes it down .
92 percent of americans say it is important to get an annual head-to-toe physical exam .     randomized trials going back to the 1980s just do n't support that belief .
vinnie jones will accompany josh warrington into the ring on saturday .     warrington is a leeds fan and jones spent a season at the club in 1989/90 .     he will follow justin bieber , puff daddy and the gallagher brothers .     they have walked in boxers like floyd mayweather and ricky hatton .
nyia parler ` left her son in the woods in philadelphia so that she could spend the week with her boyfriend in maryland '     but five days later , a passerby discovered the man with nothing but a bible and a blanket and contacted authorities .     the son is , who has cerebral palsy , is in stable condition in hospital .     parler is in hospital for undisclosed reasons but faces a list of charges .
erik de vries and josephine egberts lost contact after parents ' divorce .     years later , erik , 24 , swiped right on what was his sister 's tinder profile .     pair flirted before realising they were related and brother and sister .
etienne gould nunan was not breathing when he was born at just 26 weeks .     he had a hole in his heart , a brain bleed and went on to suffer pneumonia , a collapsed lung and endure 58 blood transfusions to fight infections .     parents were delighted to finally take him home after 5 months in hospital .     they would like to use his story to encourage people to give blood .
lint-free and tear resistant filters are good for a range of household tasks .     wrap one sheet around celery stalks when storing in fridge to keep crisp .     use it to polish shoes , keep laundry smelling fresh and even as a plate .
former australian captain died peacefully in his sleep at a sydney hospice .     he had been receiving radiation treatment for skin cancer since november .     benaud had witnessed , as player and commentator , over 500 test matches .     tributes flowed in to the legendary ` godfather of cricket ' from all circles .     australian prime minister tony abbott offers his family a state funeral .
kenyans gather in nairobi to remember victims of a terrorist attack that stunned a nation .     the attack at a garissa university last week killed 147 people , mostly students .
rotherham beat brighton 1-0 at the new york stadium on saturday .     matt derbyshire opened the scoring for rotherham after just eight minutes .     rotherham move seven points clear of the relegation zone with victory .
hugh rodham 's tombstone is found tipped over in scranton , pennsylvania .     it was reported two days after hillary clinton announced her presidential bid .
two underwater suites at atlantis , the palm boast floor-to-ceiling views directly into a massive aquarium .     the views from the master bedrooms and bathrooms create the illusion of being under the sea .     with a base price of just under # 5,500 -lrb- $ 8,200 -rrb- a night , each suite comes with 24-hour private butler service .     butlers have received requests for everything from camel rides to a skydiver dressed as santa claus .     the 1,500-room hotel is located on the palm jumeirah artificial island off the coast of dubai .
luke shaw joined manchester united for # 31.5 million in the summer .     the 19-year-old admits ashley young is the biggest joker at the club .     players hung a fake bird in the dressing room after young was hit in mouth .     shaw says united goalkeeper david de gea is the ` nicest guy in football '     read luke shaw : ` i 'd give myself a c - for my debut united season '
sarah harding and denise van outen are the latest big-name signings to agree to contracts with british soap operas .     they join a long line of stars who 've looked to soaps to boost their careers .     barbara windsor , patsy kensit and danny dyer all saw their profiles rise after taking to the small screen .
the mail on sunday 's brilliant gp with all the health answers you need .
louis van gaal handed radamel falcao a surprise start against chelsea .     falcao has struggled at manchester united since his loan move .     the colombian has only scored four goals all season in 22 appearances .     falcao had just 19 touches in the first half at stamford bridge .     the united forward struggled to deal with chelsea captain john terry .
if you turned on the television this past sunday , a new vision of jesus came into view . darker , in mood and skin tone . earthy rather than ethereal .     according to the apostle paul , almost every depiction of jesus so far has gotten at least one detail wrong .
christian benteke 's superb hat-trick against qpr secured a vital point for aston villa in their fight against relegation .     fabian delph also gave an assured performance for villa in midfield .     matty phillips is proving similarly key for the hoops and notched his sixth assist of 2015 .     charlie austin scored his 17th premier league goal of the campaign .
organizers want to ban scantily-clad models at car show .     the shanghai auto show is a key event for global automakers .     cars are no longer the status symbol they once were in china .
australian-born royal placed a wreath at a memorial in copenhagen .     anzac day appearance came days after tv interview discussing loneliness .     mary said she felt alone and misunderstood after losing her mother at 25 .
johnny manziel was spotted at a texas rangers game tuesday night just days after leaving rehab and was drinking water all night .     he entered a facility on january 28 and stayed for an extended period .     this after manziel 's partying had been a topic of conversation since his rookie season began last july , with some worried about his drinking .     he is now set to begin offseason workouts with the cleveland browns on monday .     manziel will be forced to compete with josh mccown for the starting quarterback position , who just signed a $ 14 million contract with the team .
sonia sharrock 's stud farm near maitland , in the hunter region of new south wales , was badly flooded .     the water rose rapidly and the horses became tangled in barbed wire when the could n't see the fences .     her brother-in-law steve spowart decided to paddle out on his surfboard to rescue them .     he plunged down into the freezing flood water to cut them free from the barbed wire .     it took six hours in total to bring the horses up to the safety of ms sharrock 's hilltop garden .     maitland was one of the areas hardest hit in the state by what 's being called the storm of the decade .
rebecca calder posted pictures on facebook of nights out funded by theft .     carer was draining up to # 300 a day from the accounts of disabled couple .     family installed secret camera and caught her taking cash from a wallet .     police were able to match her nights out with times she withdrew cash .
no injuries reported in blaze at six-alarm fire at louisville appliance facility .     cause for fire , which has drawn 200 firefighters friday morning , unknown .     fire department stretched thin as they also rescue flooded residents .     building , where up to 50 people would normally work , collapsed at 8.30 am .     facility makes appliances such as washing machines , dryers and fridges .     acid particles found in smoke near building , but not in downwind plume .     residents near plant told to close windows , shut off ventilation to outside .
judge pays $ 240,000 damages after he wrote semi-erotic poem for clerk .     clerk , marcia eisenhour , worked with court judge craig storey 25 years .     she claimed he was possessive and asked if she was in a relationship .
clem schultz 's beloved wife geraldine died in the deadly tornado in illinois on thursday .     schultz 's dog missy went missing for two days but luckily was found two days later unharmed .     missy was so traumatized by the storm that she ran 2.5 miles from her loved ones once she was found until they could catch up with her .
another intimate election interview by the prime minister and his wife .     mrs cameron , 43 , reveals her doctor 's advice against having more children .     tory leader david quickly interrupts to say : ` that 's another story , darling '
gordon jack , 47 , was taken to hospital yesterday after falling at rehearsal .     murray was feet away from the photographer when he lost his balance .     first minister nicola sturgeon said she was ` totally devastated ' by the news .     tennis star andy murray and fiance kim sears tied the knot this afternoon .
this page includes the show transcript .     use the transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary .     at the bottom of the page , comment for a chance to be mentioned on cnn student news . you must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the cnn student news roll call .     the weekly newsquiz tests students ' knowledge of events in the news .
great-grandfather robert clark has lived in the house for 50 years .     he has spent # 50,000 life savings on a live-in carer over last two years .     brent council says it can not afford the care package the veteran wants .     the veteran said a care home would remind him of being a pow .
v. stiviano must pay back $ 2.6 million in gifts from donald sterling .     sterling 's wife claimed the ex-clippers used the couple 's money for the gifts .     the items included a ferrari , two bentleys and a range rover .
tennis star andy murray and fiance kim sears tied the knot on saturday at dunblane cathedral .     andy , and his mum and dad , have arrived at the cathedral , bypassing hundreds of well-wishers on their way in .     kim sears arrived at the cathedral not long after her fiance .     andy posted a tweet to his 2.98 million followers showing his plans .
karlis bardelis , 30 , was scaling the cliff face in coire an lochain , scotland .     camera shows his axe come loose sending him tumbling down the cliff .     he 's eventually rescued by safety rope after a falling 10m in 3.5 seconds .     latvian bardelis remarkably escaped injury and continued with his ascent .
abdul-malik al-houthi says in a televised address that fighters will not pull out of major cities .     a top military leader pledges allegiance to yemen 's ousted president .
floyd mayweather takes on manny pacquiao in las vegas on may 2 .     but no tickets have been sold for the event at the mgm grand .     briefs are on sale on ticketing websites but the sellers do not have them .     less than 1,000 are expected to go on public sale priced from $ 1,500 .     mayweather-pacquiao weigh-in will be first ever with paid-for tickets .     click here for all the latest floyd mayweather vs manny pacquiao news .
anonymous instagram account called chef jacques lamerde is poking fun at high-end dining .     pictures feature artistically arranged funk food , such as dunk-a-roos and cheez whiz .     the account has over 18,000 followers .     pictures are elaborately captioned : ` featuring a palate cleansing shot of fermented lake michigan water '
finley lamb , five , suffers from periventricular nodular heterotopia .     means many of his ` grey matter ' brain cells are not in the correct position .     schoolboy should not be able to walk or talk but has defied the odds .     now has started primary school and walks two miles every day .
michael kimmel was taken into custody wearing only boots , jeans and a cowboy hat .
dai young wants to reform the current salary cap in english top flight .     it means premiership clubs are struggling to compete with french .     young 's wasps side lost 32-18 to toulon in champions cup last eight .     only saracens made it through to the last four from england .
emma walker 's weight plummeted to just five-and-a-half stone in months .     after two hospital visits and counselling she is on the road to recovery .     rather than being skinny , is focusing on getting fit and building muscle .     now weighs eight stone and is keen to share her story to help others .
bonnie 's skill at playing call of duty has gained her thousands of devotees .     followers pay a subscription to join her live stream and give donations too .     it has enabled her to give up her job working in hospitality .     she has more than 52,000 global followers on streaming platform twitch .     currently her twitch channel has had almost one million views .     subscribers talk to bonnie through team speak or snap chat as they play .     but she 's had to deal with online trolls and fans who are obsessed with her .
islamic extremists targeted 11 television channels belonging to tv5 monde .     also took control of the company 's websites and social media accounts .     channel regained control of website , but later closed it ` for maintenance '     the tv channel was off air for a full three hours - and is still only able to broadcast pre-recorded programmes .
computer model simulated how driverless cabs would affect lisbon traffic .     even with only one passenger per ride , car number dropped by 77 per cent .     swapping personal cars with self-driving cabs would free valuable space .     google and uber are already working on technology for self-driving taxis .
paul casey was the 99th qualifier in the field of 99 due to play at augusta .     the englishman made the last of his eight masters appearances in 2012 .     he has the tools in his armoury to do well at the first major of the year .     the 2015 masters gets underway at augusta national next thursday .
brian the lar gibbon was captured strutting at the lake district wildlife park .     amanda dorman from scotland shot and uploaded the seven-second clip .     video shows 50-year-old primate sneaking along while looking at filmmaker .     park manager said brian has been ` entertaining our guests for years '
sprinter says he is ` eating a lot more vegetables ' but ` hates them all '     his chef ` chases ' him around the house to ensure he eats what he 's cooked .     bolt admits he must eat right food as he has to be ` perfect in training '     admitted to consuming 1,000 mcnuggets at the 2008 beijing olympics .
maria sharapova has been forced to withdraw with a leg injury .     russia host germany in the fed cup semi-finals in sochi this weekend .     venus williams has also pulled out because of a personal matter .     the usa travel to face italy in a world group play-off in brindisi .
three teenage boys from north-west london detained in turkey last month .     their parents phoned 999 in britain after realising they were missing .     authorities quickly made contact with turkish counterparts to block them .     now it has emerged that one of boys ' fathers worked for the mod .
new book , clinton cash , points to ` pattern ' of donations and rewards .     says those who gave money to foundation saw favorable outcomes .     writer peter szhweizer points to dealings in colombia , haiti , kazakhstan .     revelations will be seized upon by republicans in white house race .     clinton allies have written of the book as an ` absurd conspiracy theory '     white house declined to categorically rule out any occurrence of wrong doing but said there 's no ` tangible evidence to indicate that it did '     president 's spokesman said he 's not going to be in a position ` every time somebody raises a spurious claim ' to ` say that it 's not true '
west indies were 188 for five at the close of play on day one in grenada .     conditions suited england at the start of the second caribbean test .     england 's biggest weakness is a lack of something different in their attack .     mark wood , who is in the caribbean , could offer a new element .     alastair cook 's side has n't won away from home since 2012 .
photographer anthony barbour , 33 , from liverpool , turns parks , village and beaches into their own little worlds .     he spends hours slowly rotating in one spot taking the 50 pictures he needs to create just one ` planet '     uses a canon 1100d dslr with either a 18-55mm kit lens or a tokina 11-16mm to shoot the photographs .     then uses photoshop to stitch and layer the photos together to create incredible and mind-bending shots .
ugandan ashish thakkar built a vast business empire .     the entrepreneur says the answer to unemployment lies in nurturing small businesses .     africa 's lack of legacy systems has sped up innovation on the continent .
police collated the four-page dossier following an investigation in 1964 .     the band were linked to the paedophile brothel in battersea , london .     jimmy savile was known to attend the same london brothel in the 1970s .     operation yewtree detectives have been busy examining the old files .
xiao zhengti , five , born with liver condition which caused organ to swell .     needed first transplant from mother yang haiying at nine months old .     but body rejected organ , leading to four years of repeated hospital visits .     yesterday father xiao kunqing was also allowed to donate part of liver .     boy is now expected to make a full recovery and be home within weeks .
flying is a thrilling experience but is full of mystery for most passengers .     mailonline travel spoke to experts to answer common questions .     to reduce the risk of food poisoning , pilots do not eat the same meals .     larger planes have private sleeping quarters for flight attendants .     ` the world 's strongest man ' would n't be able to open a door mid-flight .
passenger jet at ben gurion airport in israel grounded by fire .     six passengers filmed leaping onto tarmac to avoid being burnt .     incident was declared a state of emergency level 3 - the most serious .
raheem sterling has stalled over signing a new contract with liverpool .     michael owen says any viable move for winger would be a sideways one .     owen left liverpool for real madrid in a # 16.8 million move in 2004 .     he says sterling does not owe his career to the anfield club .
bath face london irish at the rec in the aviva premiership on friday night .     sam burgess is set to play his second game at blindside flanker .     bath coach mike ford reckons burgess is more suited to the forwards .
amanda curtis , ceo of a fashion company in new york , posted a picture of four rainbows to twitter .     `` i had a small moment of awe , '' she said .
washington couple 's son began complaining of someone talking to him .     one night they heard : ` wake up little boy daddy 's looking for you '     also believe hacker has infiltrated the device 's camera to watch their son .     tech experts warned baby monitors linked to internet are more vulnerable .
christian benteke gave aston villa a 1-0 win over tottenham on saturday .     benteke 's first-half strike moves villa into 15th in the premier league .     tim sherwood returned to white hart lane for the first time since last year .
pippa is said to have bought the baby a supply of biodegradable nappies .     shoppers in geneva , switzerland , spot her buying the mull-cloth nappies .     the natural fibres mean the baby essentials do n't end up in landfill heaps .     likely to be a hit with new royal 's environmentally conscious grandfather .
the football star is said to be flying his closest friends to the five-star luxury amanjena resort outside marrakech .     tom cruise , guy ritchie , gordon ramsay and best friend dave gardner are set to attend the lavish event .     the opulent hotel is where david and victoria renewed their vows in 2004 .
renner showed off his vocal skills .     he sang an ed sheeran hit .
ronnie o'sullivan beats craig steadman 10-3 at the crucible .     the five-time world champion was 7-2 ahead overnight .     o'sullivan won the final three frames he required on wednesday morning .     the 39-year-old was forced to change his shoes on tuesday .
double falsehood was presented by lewis theobald in the 18th century .     theatre impresario made it out to be an adaptation of a play by the bard .     claims met with scepticism , including from great poet alexander pope .     but new study of its language identifies playwright as the true author .     psychological theory and text analysing software lead to conclusion of university of texas study which claims to model bard 's ` mental world '
mercedes driver tried to avoid a traffic jam on the m58 in merseyside .     attempted to undertake the queuing traffic on the road 's outside lane .     but one driver was n't happy and blocked the mercedes from getting ahead .     pair repeatedly began to swerve as the mercedes tried to get past .
edward moore was working at king edward 's school in witley , surrey .     had sexual intercourse with 16-year-old in his office and then cut contact .     24-year-old jailed for nine months on friday at guildford crown court .
deputies reassigned after threats , sheriff says .     the two deputies pinned eric harris to the ground and one yelled `` f*ck your breath '' at him after he was shot .
diwalinen vankar went with daughter to wash clothes in vishwamitri river .     a crocodile grabbed daughter 's leg and dragged her into river in west india .     vankar , 58 , tried to pull daughter - kanta - free from clutches of crocodile .     but after no success , she started attacking it with her washing paddle .     eventually rescued 19-year-old daughter , who only suffered minor injuries .
bad quality sleep could be to do with the layout of your bedroom .     infographic from made.com shows proven interiors tactics for better rest .     sleep experts recommended you install heavy curtains and keep pets out .
barcelona take on psg in the champions league quarter-final .     the first-leg of the tie will be played at the parc des princes on wednesday .     the two sides were drawn together in the group stage earlier this season .     barca defender adriano has warned this time will be more intense .     he has singled out lucas moura as a particular threat for psg .
heated open-air swimming pool to open on the thames in two years ' time .     celebrity backers tracy emin and david walliams speeded the plans along .     the social enterprise scheme is set to benefit local groups and the elderly .     pools will use sophisticated filtration system to clean polluted river water .
singer reveals she was bedridden for five months .     could n't shower for a full week as she was unable to stand .     has ` no idea ' where she got the tick bite which must have been attached for 36 hours in order to transfer the disease .     same condition that has left real housewives star yolanda foster unable to read , write or watch tv .
chelsea defeated manchester united 1-0 at stamford bridge .     the win moves the blues 10 points clear at the top of the table .     chelsea require two wins from their last six matches to claim the title .
mexican prosecutors are looking into possible criminal conduct .     alondra luna nunez was flown to texas on april 16 after a judge ruled in favor of a houston woman who believed alondra was her daughter .     dna testing in texas showed that she was not dorotea garcia 's daughter .     the 14-year-old was returned to her family in mexico on wednesday .     alondra 's case drew international attention after a video of her being forced into a police vehicle last week appeared online .
durst , 71 , was arrested in new orleans hotel room day before hbo finale .     police ` found revolver , marijuana , $ 42,000 cash , latex mask in the room '     he is waiting to be extradited for murder trial in california where he is accused of killing his longtime friend susan berman in 2000 .     durst dozed off in courtroom as shouting match erupted between his lawyers and the judge because no witnesses turned up .     two fbi agents and a state trooper allegedly ignored court subpoena .     durst attorney claims there was not a legitimate search warrant .
real madrid have not beaten their neighbours in six meetings this season .     they will meet again in champions league last eight this week .     carlo ancelotti is under increasing pressure after poor form in 2015 .     he masterminded real 's 10th european cup triumph last season .     but that win over atletico has n't made his job any more secure .
the psa spoof highlights a series of shocking statistics about the number of women working within the movie industry .     on broadway last year , '13 out of 13 ' plays were written by men , while 88 per cent of hit movies in 2014 starred men .     the satirical video , which says it 's ` only fair ' that men ` have it all ' includes appearances from other actresses including mamie gummer .     in the clip , the women also point out several other areas in which men remain the dominant gender .
jack grealish impressed as aston villa beat liverpool at wembley .     a villa fan , grealish helped the club reach their first final since 2000 .     the 19-year-old wears his socks down to show he is not afraid of tackles .     grealish 's great-great grandfather , billy garraty , won the fa cup in 1905 .     tim sherwood : grealish must focus on aston villa not international future .     read : grealish to decide international future at end of season .
stunning beauty , 24 , was bullied throughout school for her striking looks .     new face of maybelline new york and first black model to walk for prada .     she talks about caring for her son , riley , five , who has sickle cell anaemia .
nine people have been arrested by soldiers after 500 feet long tunnel found under home in tijuana , mexico .     secret passageway accessed through trapdoor hidden inside wooden wardrobe in property bedroom .     underground tunnel was being built close to the mexican border crossing near san diego , california .     officials believe gang were constructing the passageway in a bid to smuggle drugs covertly into the u.s.
sexpert says eye contact is the most effective way to signal sexual interest .     even the simple act of blinking can demonstrate attraction .     here tracey advises on how to use your peepers to get their attention .
british graffiti artist painted mural on metal door of dardouna family home .     it was the only part of the two-storey building to survive bombing last year .     local artist belal khaled convinced homeowner to sell door for just # 100 .     but now that he knows banksy murals are valued at hundreds of thousands of pounds , rabie dardouna is demanding the door is returned .
kathleen bailey , 70 , was given power of attorney over friend 's finances .     her 87-year-old victim was battling breast cancer and had no children .     bailey helped herself to at least # 1,500 and took trips to north wales .     she was given suspended jail sentence after admitting one charge of theft .
the eagles palace is fringed by soft beaches on the mount athos peninsula .     the greek resort boasts 164 rooms , which all have a balcony or terrace .     relax in the award-winning spa or order drinks via a button on your sunbed .
hannah campbell , 30 , had miracle baby after shrapnel damaged her womb .     but since birth she has battled with a mystery illness - nearly dying twice .     as she tried to recover her relationship with long-term partner broke down .     anthony mcmorrow , 32 , agreed new baby lexi-river will be their priority .     she will have tests next month to explore what is causing rare condition .     miss campbell 's pregnancy appears in my extraordinary pregnancy , starting on monday on tlc .
ahmed al-karim said fighters had burnt ` hundreds of homes ' in two days .     prime minister ordered iraqi forces to oppose vandalism and make arrests .
the masters 2015 crowd wanted tiger woods to do well at augusta .     he was still the 111th ranked golfer in the world . a bit erratic , a bit brilliant , a bit rusty , a bit fallible . and , fleetingly , a bit marvellous too .     the gallery was 10 , 12 deep around the greens . still in awe . still ready to applaud even the tiniest glimmer .     but the sizeable gallery is writing cheques the man in the arena can no longer cash .     click here for all the latest masters 2015 news .
lacey spears of scottsville , kentucky , was found guilty last month of second-degree murder in the death of garnett-paul spears .     the 27-year-old spears force-fed heavy concentrations of sodium through the boy 's stomach tube .     judge who sentenced spears on wednesday said she suffers from a mental illness and said the crime was still ` unfathomable in its cruelty '     she showed no emotion when she was sentenced to 20 years in prison .     the boy 's father chris hill wrote on his facebook account of spears : ` crazy a ** woman needs to be beat to death in prison '
sissa abu dahou recently was honored as one of egypt 's ideal mothers .     but for 43 years she has dressed as a man so she could work in the conservative country .     `` people talked but i said i decided to be a man so i can take care of my small daughter , '' says dahou .
the ohio department of heath released birth records for people born between january 1 , 1964 , and september 18 , 1996 , last month .     la-sonya mitchell-clark , 38 , searched her biological mother 's name on facebook after receiving her birth records in the mail .     her mother , francine simmons , had given birth at 15 years old and had to give mitchell-clark up for adoption .     the pair said they always wanted to find one another but did n't know how .     mitchell-clark 's adoptive parents have been very supportive of her search .
jamie , 13 , reuben , 13 and finley , 10 , are on their way to becoming spooks .     tv cameras allowed into london headquarters just for children 's show .     trio even got to meet with security service director general andrew parker .     stunt comes with mi5 busier than ever battling terrorism and rise of russia .
capture of charles piutau is a bold endorsement of ulster 's ambition .     leinster were forced to rest irish stars for pro 12 clash with glasgow .     nathan hughes did not deserve ban for clumsy challenge on george north .
bob barker returned to host `` the price is right '' on wednesday .     barker , 91 , had retired as host in 2007 .
ken broskey livonia , michigan , has been diagnosed with stage 4 cancer and his doctors have urged him to check into hospice care .     instead he has taken a job with uber to earn money to pay off his mortgage before he dies so his daughter and grandchildren can have his house .     roland gainer , a college student , started a gofundme page for broskey after meeting him which has almost reached its $ 95,000 goal .     uber is also donating $ 1 to the page when people write uberpartnerken into their app when requesting a ride this weekend .
stephanie scott 's devastated family are preparing for her funeral tomorrow .     they say all are welcome to remember and show their support for ms scott .     the 26-year-old teacher believed to have been murdered on easter sunday .     her accused murderer is the school cleaner , vincent stanford .     leeton high school have reached out to the community to commend them for the strength they have shown in the face of immeasurable grief .     her funeral will be held 10 days after her intended wedding date .     the funeral will take place at the same venue where she had planned to marry aaron leeson-woolley .
julia van herck used to binge on tubs of ice cream and family-sized pizzas .     mum-of-three blamed post-natal blues and ` not talking ' to her husband .     wake-up call came in 2011 when a bout of pneumonia knocked her for six .     weight-loss surgery followed and now julia weighs just 11 stone .
sponge bobby was found with breathing difficulties in november .     the six-month-old female seal was released into the wild in march .     experts believe she was struck by a boat or a jet-ski off dorset the coast .     the young seal had travelled more than 200 miles since her march release .
bluey 's purr has been measured at 93 decibels , which is louder than the official world record .     the cat is currently in a centre in cambridge and looking for a new home .     her growls are so loud they stop other animals from sleeping properly .
former prime minister struck deal in 2013 to advise on mining industry .     contracts boasts about his ` on-the-job experience and politician instincts '     critics question whether ex-premiers should work for other nations .     blair 's office deny any conflict of interest involved in his business dealings .
a texas a&m galveston professor said in an email to students he would fail the entire class .     university officials wo n't necessarily stand by failing grades , cnn affiliate kprc reports .
daniel ricciardo trained with martial artist in pr event ahead of formula one chinese grand prix .     red bull have struggled at the start of the 2015 formula one season as ferrari have taken fight to mercedes .     ricciardo finished sixth in australian grand prix and 10th in malaysian grand prix .
association of professional flight attendants argues nicole kidman 's etihad deal is at odds with un women 's goodwill ambassador role .     kidman stars in etihad 's new ` hollywood glamour ' global brand campaign .     union is waging a campaign against etihad and united arab emirates airlines due to treatment of female employees .     etihad has rejected allegations saying employees are their top priority .
migrants rescued in augusta , italy tell cnn why they fled .     they were packed onto two barely seaworthy boats , tug captain said .
tony blackburn claims disgraced entertainers ` tarnished ' his era of djs .     bbc reeling from historic sex abuse claims against his former colleagues .     broadcasters jimmy savile , dave lee travis and rolf harris among them .     he 's outraged at how friend and fellow dj paul gambaccini was treated .
mr yuan was in the accident on march 24 and has been in hospital since .     one girl had been dating him for nine years and another had a son with him .     police have now launched an investigation into allegations of fraud .
frustrated elephant misses its target as it attempts to douse bull in water .     huge african elephant is with its baby , who nestles close for protection .     kruger national park , where pictures were taken , is home to 147 mammals .
ards council spent # 7,000 on three-course christmas dinner and disco .     staff feasted on roast turkey with all the trimmings - paid for by taxpayers .     almost # 500 was spent on balloons and christmas crackers for the party .     celebration was to ` maintain staff morale ' as the council was closing down .
jeff and joey stallings took a ` bad batch ' of spice in mississippi hometown .     hospitalized after suffering from hallucinations , sweats and violent shaking .     photos show the brothers in medically-induced comas in mccomb hospital .     fortunately , siblings rallied against the drug 's effects and are now at home .     but jeff has ` permanent kidney damage ' and both are still addicted to drug .     now , their mom , karen , has begged others not to take synthetic marijuana .     because chemicals in spice vary , users do not know what they 're smoking .
john lord , 86 , was found dead close to where he and wife june , 81 , walked .     his family said he had left a note before he disappeared on april 6 .     wife of 63 years died from ` catastrophic bleed ' to the brain six days earlier .     police found mr lord 's body in river trent near couple 's favourite beauty spot .
french artist vincent lamouroux unveiled the motel 's new look yesterday .     used environmentally-friendly limewash to create effect of ` bedazzlement '     seedy building known as bates motel for likeness to the motel in ` psycho '     mr lamouroux said new look can represent ` blank screen ' for our desires .
rafa benitez has won 12 trophies with valencia , liverpool , inter milan , chelsea and napoli since 2002 .     benitez 's contract at napoli is up in the summer and he is set to a manager in demand .     manchester city and west ham are two clubs who could be interest in him .
parks department officials had a permit to attempt a controlled burn .     fire officers had to deploy four aircraft and two bulldozers to fight the fire .     more than 70 acres of the mojave narrows park were affected by the blaze .     residents were able to return home once firemen controlled the inferno .
royal superfans have arrived to set up camp outside the lindo wing .     margaret tyler , 71 , owns a # 10,000 collection of royal souvenirs .     fellow fan john loughery , 60 , never misses a single royal event .     both spent prince george 's birth camped outside st. mary 's hospital .
teacher blunder revealed when mock exam arrived and text did n't feature .     students now having to cram to learn new text in a few weeks .     extra english lessons put on at wellington college in berkshire .     school apologised and said investigation has been launched .
jason denayer has impressed for celtic while on loan this season .     the parkhead outfit are keen to keen to sign the youngster permanently and hope that parent club manchester city will release him .     however , city boss manuel pellegrini has confirmed that the club are looking to strengthen their homegrown talent pool .     denayer , 19 , entered city 's youth academy in 2013 and fits the bill .
channel islands were the only parts of the british isles occupied in the war .     may 9 is the 70th anniversary of the islands ' liberation from german rule .     guernsey , jersey et al are marking the occasion with a five-week festival .
the ohio-based national school safety and security services reviewed more than 800 school threats covered in the media during the first half of the 2014-15 academic year .     researchers found that about one-third of cases involved violent remarks sent anonymously via text message , social media or other online means .
chris riley , 56 , from dorset , says turner has the technique all wrong .     mr riley , who says his look is more iggy pop , says being topless is a no-no .     meanwhile fans have complained about lack of shirtless scenes last night .     poldark kept his shirt on for the whole of sunday night 's episode .     disappointed fans complained about the oversight on twitter .
jessica kensky and patrick downes call their view 'em otional and practical '     their words come after similar statement from family of eight-year-old martin richards , who was killed in the blast , and his sister jane who lost a leg .     jury will decide on tuesday whether dzhokar tsarnaev gets death penalty .     two weeks ago he was found guilty on all 30 counts relating to the bombing .
lillian roldan says she dated ariel castro from 2000 to 2003 according to a new book about the cleveland house of horrors by john glatt .     roldan says she met castro on a blind date and that during their three-year relationship , he was nothing but a gentleman .     two years into their relationship , castro kidnapped his first two victims , michelle knight and amanda berry , and locked them in his basement .     roldan says she never knew castro was hiding the women , but that he did keep a padlock on his basement door .     castro broke up with roldan with a letter in october 2003 , and a few months later went on to kidnap his third victim gina dejesus .     the three women were kept captive in the house for another nine years , until they made a dramatic escape in may 2013 .
william mccollom , the chief of police in peachtree city , georgia , called 911 on january 1 to say he had accidentally shot his wife , margaret .     margaret was left paralyzed below the waist and believes it was an accident .     mccollom resigned from chief position in march after working in policing for nearly three decades .     he was indicted on a reckless-conduct charge on wednesday .
governor david ige said he has n't decided if he will sign bill into law yet .     bill has $ 10 fine for first-time offenders , increases to $ 50 for next offenses .     similar bans exist in hawaii county and new york city .     bill 's opponents say it would be unfair to allow people to join the military but prohibit them from smoking a cigarette because of their age .
kelly watson began having problems with coordination and speech in 2011 .     despite regular trips to gps , never thought she had dementia as too young .     but after tests and a brain scan , hit with horrifying news on 41st birthday .     now terrified of forgetting her daughter holly , 17 , as condition will worsen .     said the joys of watching her grow up had all been ` stolen ' from her .
tyler grant claims a whataburger in texas denied service because grant was wearing a dress .     the whataburger says they did not let grant enter because the outfit in question was see-through .     ` if it were see-through , then she would have seen my brightly colored underwear , ' grant said on facebook .     grant claims the outfit consisted of five pairs of tights .     grant is still deciding whether or not to pursue legal action .
jesse norman allegedly gave out cake while campaigning for re-election .     election candidates banned from providing food in bid to win votes .     west mercia police confirm they are investigating the allegation .
the queen recorded their favourite childhood songs in august 1990 .     pianist laurie holloway was invited to buckingham palace for the taping .     he said the queen and princess margaret recorded each song in one take .     unfortunately , the unique tape was lost after the queen mother 's death .
while visiting oklahoma city , bill clinton said ` i 'm proud of her ' , in reference to hillary clinton 's presidential bid .     this is the first comment he 's made about his wife 's campaign .     bill clinton was in oklahoma city to mark the 20th anniversary of the bombing that 168 people including 19 toddlers in federal building .     hillary clinton kicked off her campaign in iowa last week and will move on to new hampshire on monday .
video footage captured by rumble user sean c shows bourbon the doberman enthusiastically licking a baby boy on the face and nose .     while some have deemed the clip ` cute ' other viewers have been turned off .
this residence was once just a garage for a much bigger mansion called homeden .     when homeden was being converted into flats the owners of the garage bought some of the original features .     the blackwood and copperlight archway was taken and tastefully adapted to suit the light-filled property .     the stylish 740 square-metre , four bedroom , converted residence will go to auction on 16 may .
destiny cooke , 16 , and lajahia cooke , 17 were beaten by a mob in trenton .     lajahia said one girl ripped out her earring and then girl 's mother threw a rock at her ear , which required 12 stitches .     destiny has a bald spot where someone grabbed a chunk of her hair .     people can be seen holding the girls down so others can punch them over and over again , while the crowd laughs and cheers .     destiny said as the sisters walked out of the park the police ` just stayed in their cars and just looked at us '
rone odendaal , 24 , took pictures of two lions hunting an elderly buffalo .     beast managed to escape hunters ' clutches , but headed straight for road .     in its desperation the animal ran straight into the side ms odendaal 's car .
fans dressed up with apple watch hats as they queued .     apple 's tim cook told buyers at a palo alto store sales were ` great '
the group were on a crabbing trip near anderson island , washington .     they video two killer whales jumping from water at a safe distance .     suddenly the pod get closer and swim underneath the small boat .     video maker and friends panic and begin rowing back to shore .
films and movies are said to be driving a growing interest in occult forces .     an exorcism expert claims youngsters are inspired by ` beautiful vampires '     such shows include the hugely successful true blood series and twilight .
alaska department of fish and game biologist delivered the animals .     the land mammals followed his snowmobile dropping alfalfa cubes .     they travelled a mile and crossed the innoko river to lower innoko .     new location should start producing sedge for the bison to feed on .
karen wakefield and family appeared in bbc people like us documentary .     mother-of-two was fined for taking daughter out of school to go to turkey .     but she refused to pay the fine and could now be jailed for three months .     mrs wakefield said her and her husband could also be fined # 1,000 each and she ` does n't like being told ' when she is allowed to go on holiday .
great-grandfather robert clark has lived in the house for 50 years .     he has spent # 50,000 life savings on a live-in carer over last two years .     brent council says it can not afford the care package the veteran wants .     help for heroes has launched a fundraising drive to pay for robert 's care .
range unveiled amid warmongering in ukraine and borders of baltic states .     features the slogan ` polite ' - a phrase used to justify takeover of crimea .     comes ahead of 70th anniversary of the end of the second world war .
paul nungesser was accused of raping former friend emma sulkowicz .     the case attracted international attention as she paraded her mattress everywhere she went in protest , calling for nungesser 's indictment .     a judge threw out the case which branded nungesser a ` serial rapist '     he is now suing the school for failing to protect him from backlash .     nungesser , who is german , says the school presented the claims as fact .
three-strong crew at helm of luxury yacht arrested by sicilian police .     boat filled with syrian and palestinian migrants - including 23 children .     syrian crew identified by selfies taken by the yacht 's passengers .     latest boat stopped making crossing turning the med into a ` cemetery '
speedometer-busting race to boston logan international airport hit 80 in a 55 mph zone .     clinton and her entourage took us airways shuttle flight 2120 to washington reagan international airport near dc -- and sat in first class .     first class seating came after campaign trip where she said of rich : ` the deck is stacked in their favor . my job is to reshuffle the pack . '     the manchester , nh airport would have been 55 miles closer and had a flight two hours earlier -- but it was on smaller plane with only coach seats .     clinton insisted she did n't personally book the tickets , but stared ahead and said nothing when asked about the benghazi terror attacks .     nascar-like trip down i-93 came less than 24 hours after clinton 's secret service detail raced down rain-slicked new hampshire freeways at 92 mph .
the 44-year-old has tied the knot with alice arnold in chiswick , london .     the pair did not have a ceremony , nor did they invite any guests .     balding made clear her intentions to marry once gay marriage was legal .
a qantas jet bound for perth has been forced to return to sydney airport after a safety light turned on mid-air .     airbus a330 took off soon after 11am but was back on tarmac by 12.30 pm .     after an indicator light showed a possible issue with the rear cargo doors .     engineers are inspecting aircraft but no evidence at this stage of a problem .
chelsea clinton is opening up about motherhood , life in the public eye and why the united states needs a female president in a new interview with elle .     clinton says that though the us is the ` land of equal opportunity , ' that is not true about gender , and a female president would change that .     this just two days before her mother hillary is expected to announce her presidential campaign .     ` it is challenging to me that women comprising 20 percent of congress is treated as a real success . since when did 20 percent become the definition of equality ? ' says clinton .     clinton , who is described in the magazine as ` innately regal , also appears in a fashion spread in which she looks almost unrecognizable .
lewis hamilton already holds a 27-point cushion in the drivers ' standings .     the brit has won nine of the last 11 races following triumph in bahrain .
bristol city held second-place preston to 1-1 draw at deepdale on saturday .     robins could be first football league club to win promotion on tuesday .     steve cotterill 's side face bradford at valley parade and win will be enough .     city boss cotterill was happy to avoid defeat against preston after admitting he had thought about the worst case scenario .
kim richards , who will tell her story to dr. phil tomorrow , is now in a malibu rehab facility .     the star was out of control when she was arrested at the beverly hills hotel april 16 .     she admits to dr phil that she drank a big glass of vodka at her daughter brooke 's house before she got in her car to return home .     feeling woozy , she stopped at the hotel and went straight to the polo lounge .     she claims the bar was closed and she did not drink any more .     but when she went over to chat with a couple of strangers , the maître d' got testy .     when he accused her of trespassing and threatened to call police , she flipped out .
three tons of ivory discovered in second-biggest bust in thailand 's history .     it had travelled via sri lanka , malaysia and singapore on a ship from kenya .     last week , thailand seized four tons of tusks smuggled from congo .
71-year-old tycoon used to live in texas and went by name of dorothy .     clair schuler , who goes by the stage name cici ryder , said that when he met durst he was pretending to be a deaf , mute woman .     said that durst was shy and never let anyone touch him or take photos .     schuler said durst was a generous tipper and although there were some strange things about his nature he did not think of him as a threat .
dorothy brown : shooting by cop might have followed usual narrative of blaming black suspects .     but video in walter scott 's fatal shooting showed the truth , brown says .     with hindsight from michael brown case , north charleston did the right thing with arrest .
manny pacquiao continued his high intensity training with a mountain run .     filipino fighter is preparing for mega-fight with floyd mayweather jnr .     fans joined pacquiao as he climbed to the top of the griffith park summit .     the mega-fight with mayweather jnr is now less than a month away .
new video features an australian doctor called abu yusuf al-australi and an indian doctor called abu muqatil al-hindi .     both doctors appear to be desperately struggling with the tide of patients , calling for any westerners with medical skills to travel to syria .     poster bears striking resemblance to an nhs poster , featuring a doctor wearing blue scrubs and a stethoscope .     nine british medical students recently traveled from sudan to syria and are believed to have joined isis last month .     notorious british jihadi aqsa mahmood studied radiography and could be drafted into working at raqqa hospital .
swansea city beat hull city 2-1 in the premier league at the liberty stadium on saturday .     ki sung-yueng fired the hosts into the lead after 18 minutes when he turned home jonjo shelvey 's parried effort .     bafetimbi gomis doubled the lead when he fired a volley into the roof of the net eight minutes before half-time .     paul mcshane got a goal back for the visitors just five minutes after the restart , tapping in from close range .     david meyley was given a straight red card three minutes after the goal when he lunged in on kyle naughton .     gomis made it 3-1 in injury time to grab his second of the match and restore the host 's two-goal advantage .
the driver , 16 , of arizona who has not been identified was saved from full weight of car landing on her due to depression in roof of car .     it took five hours to pull her from wreckage on wednesday .     the passengers , aged 16 and 17 , also not identified were able to climb up to the road ; both were taken to hospital with non-life threatening injuries .     driver lost control of car after turning a curve too fast , according to police .
shannon hayes spotted the tiny egg at her home in carmarthenshire .     she rescued it fearing it was going to be crushed by the regular eggs .     the 12-year-old measured the egg and discovered it was just 1.9 cm long .     it is believed the previous record holder was a 2.1 cm egg laid in somerset .
the night wolves biker gang has been banned from entering poland .     they are pro-putin , and the russian leader has ridden with them .     poland is extremely critical of russian actions in ukraine .     germany has also said that the russian bikers would not be welcome .
dr penman argues british people have lived too peacefully to innovate .     rising inequality and division will lead to a collapse in society , he warns .     adaption of genes means we are less aggressive or likely to go to war .
venessa harris was diagnosed with rare bone cancer at the age of 12 years .     she found out about illness just months after she won modelling contest .     mum karen monaghan said daughter was determined to become a model .     venessa 's modelling agency started a fundraising campaign to support her .     it comes as new research shows more young people are surviving cancer .     childhood cancer survival rate has risen by six per cent over past decades .
chelsea captain izzy brown opened the scoring from close range on 7mins .     blues defender andreas christensen scored an own goal to level the score .     dominic solanke handed the initiative back to chelsea after the interval .     brown netted a second but adrian viveash 's side could have won by more .     substitute viktor kovalenko scored an injury time consolation for shakhtar .
ryan giggs apologises for his eight-year affair with brother 's wife .     manchester united legend rang his brother out of the blue after four years .     rhodri 's wife natasha aborted ryan 's baby just before marrying rhodri .     natasha and rhodri attempted to stay together but divorced in 2013 .     former footballer also had affair with big brother star imogen thomas .
the tiger sanctuary has been told their 147 cats must be handed over .     wat pa luangta bua yanasampanno does not have permits for the tigers .     the animals will be rehoused at breeding centres in thailand .     animal rights activists have been campaigning against the treatment of the chained tigers posing with tourists for photos for years .
researchers at john hopkins university in baltimore showed babies magic tricks where balls seemed to pass through walls and toy cars floated on air .     11 month old infants were surprised when objects defied their expectations .     the babies then played more with the ball and car when given them later on .     scientists say the children appeared to be trying to work out their secrets .
colin farrell is infamous for dating high-profile actresses and models .     his early career has been overshadowed by his party-hard lifestyle .     the 38-year-old now says he 's dedicated to being a father to his two sons .
five-day-old hippopotamus calf mauled to death after straying between two brawling adults in south africa .     helpless calf was hurled into the air as its mother looked on in horror , with the young hippo dying hours later .     adult hippos had been fighting for hours before attacking the baby in the isimangaliso wetland park .
bunkie king was a 15-year-old sydney schoolgirl when she met the actor .     jack thompson was twice her age and they had a 15-year relationship .     during this time , ms king was also involved with her older sister , leona .     the 60-year-old has two sons with her ex-husband and works in nursing .     thompson and leona are still in a relationship and live in regional nsw .
manchester city considering bid for arsenal midfielder jack wilshere .     jordan henderson is also an option for the premier league champions .     wilshere , 23 , encapsulates arsene wenger 's style of play in north london .     but the england international is not necessarily a first-team regular .     any bids in excess of # 30m should be considered by arsenal .
a second `` fifty shades '' film will be released in 2017 , a third in 2018 .     director sam taylor-johnson wo n't be returning .
sharon winters , 39 , from wirral , met chef kevin hawke online in july , 2014 .     he stabbed her in a frenzied attack barely two weeks after they met .     her brother stephen robinson warns women about online dating dangers .
lily james , the british star of the upcoming cinderella film , has traveled the world promoting the disney fairy tale .     downton abbey star 's 20 stunning outfits included # 70,000 silk gown by christian dior and even a # 40,000 necklace .     attended premieres in mexico , canada , london and tokyo - where she revealed her most ` disney princess ' look .
55 dead greyhound carcasses found dumped in coonar , queensland .     a joint rspca and queensland police task force is investigating .     early investigations suggest the dogs were young dogs that were killed as they were too slow .     they were found in various states of decomposition in an area with no other training facilities or connections to the industry .     rspca spokesperson says they believe they may be young dogs that were n't fast enough .
christopher bridger , 25 , attacked three women after drinking sessions .     he was convicted of rape and four other abuse charges at court last year .     ambulance worker told women he was gay before assaulting them in bed .     hcpc conduct and competence committee removed him from register .     panel described crimes against three women as ' a serious breach of trust '
add natural sun-kissed highlights to your hair with the help of lemon juice .     aloe vera can be frozen into ice cubes for extra sunburn relief .     place your iphone in a resealable bag for the ultimate waterproofing trick .
angel di maria joined manchester united from real madrid for # 60million .     di maria took the no 7 shirt upon his arrival at the english giants .     27-year-old also wears the no 7 jersey for argentina too .
more than # 12,700 spent in overtime payments to officers during search .     money also spent on accommodation , flights and parking .     followed parents ' decision to take him from southampton general .     he went on to have successful proton therapy treatment abroad .
newcastle face swansea at st james ' park on saturday afternoon .     fans group ashleyout.com have asked supporters to stand in 34th minute .     ` having a threadbare squad ... yet having # 34m in the bank not acceptable '     there will also be peaceful protests outside sports direct stores at 12.30 .
samantha rawcliffe , lost control of her body and crashed her car last may .     days later she lost control of her bladder and was shaking uncontrollably .     in september doctors diagnosed her with functional neurological disorder .     she is incontinent and confined to her house unable to walk or drive .
jeremy clarkson last night launched into a bizarre rant about being sacked .     he claimed the upside was that he could now swear without punishment .     clarkson also mistook a male bidder for a female during charity gig .     he later joked to the cotswolds crowd that he was ` trawling the job centre '
apple has bought linx in a deal worth around $ 20 million -lrb- # 13.5 million -rrb- .     tech giant has confirmed the acquisition but not revealed any more details .     linx makes ` multi-aperture ' cameras small enough to fit into phones .     rather than capturing a flat 2d image , the technology is able to sense the depth of each object in a photograph and lets people refocus the shot .
yom hazikaron , held this year on april 22 , is israel 's official memorial day traditionally dedicated to fallen soldiers .     sirens blasted across the country at 11am marking a two-minute silence for people to pray and pay their respects .     shoppers , drivers , classrooms and workplaces all come to standstill during emotional remembrance day .
police gave chase to a gang of robbers who had raided a cash and carry .     they tried to escape in a car after ramming two police vehicles on the m42 .     eventually tried to flee on foot but were arrested by police .     the gang have now been jailed for a total of 30 years at birmingham crown court .
willa junior took a nap in the cargo hold of a plane at seattle-tacoma airport on april 13 , and woke up after the flight to los angeles took off .     the baggage handler , who appears to be in his 20s according to facebook , tried calling his company and 911 but his phone eventually failed .     he says he was afraid he might die , so he texted his mother a message , telling her ' i love you '     in a last ditch effort , junior started banging on the ceiling of the cargo hold and his yells were so loud that passengers and crew heard .     the flight was turned around after just 14 minutes in the air and returned to seattle where junior was rescued .     junior is still employed at his company , but is no longer allowed to work on alaska airlines flights - one the largest airlines that fly out of seattle .
former hewlett-packard ceo reportedly will enter presidential race may 4 .     her spokeswoman , though , says it 's an unconfirmed rumor .     fiorina would join three senators in the republican nomination fight and balance democratic front-runner hillary clinton .     fiorina says she can take clinton 's edge as a woman off the table .
grant shapps has been accused of altering wikepedia pages of his rivals .     the tory party chairman is in charge of the party 's election campaign .     he has denied the claims calling them ` an extreme dirty tricks campaign '     david cameron stood up for shapps saying he is doing ' a great job '
cape verde seeking to tap-into rich cultural heritage .     tiny island nation wants to grow creative economy .
lewis hamilton showered her with champagne after winning grand prix .     campaigners against sexism said action was ` selfish and inconsiderate '     but liu siying says she was n't offended and just doing her job .
citizens gather to honor victims on one boston day , two years after the marathon bombings .     `` today will always be a little emotional for me , '' one bostonian tells cnn .
prime minister and tv star karren brady announced new apprenticeships .     baroness brady was pictured during event helping the pm with his jacket .     pair were announcing 16,000 more training positions for young people .
paige chivers was aged 15 when she disappeared from blackpool home .     despite police appeals and a # 12,000 reward , she has never been found .     robert ewing is on trial accused of murdering schoolgirl in august 2007 .     his friend gareth dewhurst is accused of assisting in disposing of body .
jade wimsey frittered away thousands on up to seven caffeine kicks a day .     the 24-year-old ballooned to nearly 18 stone and suffered from cruel jibes .     jade , from east yorkshire , is now a size 12 after crushing her addiction .
faysal mohamed , 17 , pulled over along with two friends in minneapolis .     the teens managed to film threatening language used by officer rod webber .     claim the officers trained their guns on the teenagers but let them go without charge .
the attack at a garissa university last week killed 147 people , mostly students .     the government is tracking the finances of people suspected of ties to al-shabaab .
25-1 shot many clouds wins grand national .     second win a row for jockey leighton aspell .     first jockey to win two in a row on different horses since 1950s .
warning graphic content .     shaun smith and jason collins were filmed on cctv assaulting two men .     the soldiers were drinking for hours before ` inexcusable ' attack last april .     they chased one victim round a tree and onto a main road to beat him .     despite brutal attack both were spared jail in ` exceptional ' sentencing .     they could have faced sentences of up to 10 years each for their crimes .     collins , 22 , has since been stationed to guard buckingham palace .
award-winning artist has created tribute to loved ones killed by asbestos .     the installation , unveiled in london , contains over 50 heartbreaking notes .     more than 5000 people die from asbestos-related diseases each year .
gertrude weaver became the world 's oldest person last week following the death of a 117-year-old woman in japan .     waver died from complications due to pneumonia in camden .     she attributed her long life to treating others well and eating her own cooking .     weaver was born in arkansas in 1898 and worked as a domestic helper .     115-year-old jeralean talley , of detroit , is now the world 's oldest person .
emma watson celebrated her 25th birthday on 15 april .     the actress has been centre stage since the age of just 11 .     femail charts her journey from child star to a feminist icon .
embalmers substitute parts of flesh with plastics and other materials .     a mild bleach is often used to deal with fungus stains on lenin 's face .     the body is covered in glycerol and potassium acetate every 2 years .     at one time , 200 scientists were working to help preserve lenin 's body .
liverpool great steve heighway predicted great things for steven gerrard .     gerrard was described as ` an outstanding talent ' by heighway .     the liverpool captain has become of the clubs greatest ever players .     click here for all the latest liverpool news .
george ford scythed through the leinster defence for sublime try in the first half .     five penalties from ian madigan gave leinster a 15-5 half-time lead .     stuart hooper crashed over for bath 's second try following another dazzling ford break .     madigan 's sixth penalty proved crucial as leinster held on for a hard-fought victory .
jared leto unveiled as the joker for the first time on twitter .     leto stars in 2016 's `` suicide squad ''
patrick miller and his friend thought they were staying at a nicer hotel .     they arrived to find stagnant , green water in the swimming pool .     hot tub is filled with dead insects and other floating debris .     amenities were antiquated or broken and paint was peeling off the walls .     the grounds have uncut grass , dead flowers and downed tree branches .
' i have a video of you walking away from your car on numerous occasions , you are not handicapped ! , ' reads a note to natasha hope-simpson .     hope-simpson became disabled after her leg was crushed in a tragic hit-and-run accident in 2013 and she lost a part of her left leg below the knee .     instead of being upset by the note , hope-simpson says she is flattered because someone could n't tell she was handicapped .
the bike washing machine replaces the front wheel with a washing drum .     it is being developed by designers at dalian nationalities university , china .     it means cyclists can save electricity by washing clothes as they exercise .
marco negri joined rangers for # 3.5 million from perugia in 1997 .     striker suffered a shinbone injury in a reserve match vs aberdeen in 2000 .     hospital scans showed properties of his blood had symptoms of aids .     further scans in italy proved negri 's blood to be absolutely fine .
fashion retailers have started to produce their own make-up ranges .     you no longer have to head across town to a chemist or department store .     but are any of these high street ranges worth splashing your cash on ?
jimmy anderson moved to within one of sir ian botham 's record .     the 32-year-old 's wife and daughter were watching in antigua .     botham tempted to bet on anderson claiming record on wednesday .     moeen ali called up to england squad for second and third tests .     jermaine blackwood scores first test ton , and frustrates ben stokes .
vonda thedford , 55 , said she was driving along a pittsburg county rural road earlier this month when she spotted the mysterious carcass .     when she stopped to look at the dead creature , she was disturbed to see it had ' a little truck ' in place of a nose , ` little toes ' and ` hair on its tail '     the restaurant worker says the images have left people baffled and no-one has been able to identify the bloated and hairless critter .     however , wildlife experts who studied the animal 's skeleton told fox news it appears to be that of a young dog .
laura jordan , 24 , married jack jordan , 23 , yesterday .     pair from from brixham , devon , found out he has weeks to live on april 11 .     laura , a mother-of-one , planned ceremony in just six days .     told jack she 'd wear a suit but surprised him on the day in a dress .     their music idol ed sheeran sent them a personal video message .
five stores in texas , california , florida and oklahoma have been closed .     full-time and part-time employees will be put on paid leave for 2 months while they try to transfer to a different location .     walmart said the stores will reopen after ` extensive ' problems are fixed .     some employees in pico rivera , california believe their store was closed because it 's become a protest center for higher wages .
ms scott 's funeral will take place at the eat your greens function centre .     she was set to marry her fiancé at the venue last saturday .     she disappeared from leeton high school on easter sunday .     reverend jonno williams says funeral will be held on wednesday .     the venue is in eugowra , near ms scott 's home town of canowindra in rural central west nsw .     reverend williams says it 'll be especially hard for the town 's young people .     ` she was a very friendly and cheerful girl , ' reverend williams says .     school cleaner vincent stanford , 24 , has been charged with her murder .
oskar gröning is on trial over his alleged role in deaths at auschwitz .     lawrence douglas : other mass atrocities still await moment of moral reckoning .
coronation street execs have ditched a ban on talent doing voiceover work .     former star katy cavanagh had been ticked off for doing bbc iplayer ad .     show 's other actors staged a ` mutiny ' , forcing ban to be overturned .     other actors who 've cashed in include benedict cumberbatch -lrb- pedigree -rrb- , olivia colman -lrb- andrex -rrb- , shane richie -lrb- plenty kitchen roll -rrb- .
sarah jewell , 25 , went to local social security office to prove she 's alive .     she learned someone had filed her number as deceased in november 2014 .     jewell said the office implied ` everything 's taken care of ' and she was fine .     but after three months her number has n't been reinstated , she has n't received her tax refund , and her driver 's license also lists her as deceased .     and now she 's in jeopardy of losing her job as a licensed pharmacist .
amnesty 's annual death penalty report catalogs encouraging signs , but setbacks in numbers of those sentenced to death .     organization claims that governments around the world are using the threat of terrorism to advance executions .     the number of executions worldwide has gone down by almost 22 % compared with 2013 , but death sentences up by 28 % .
douglas murphy scraped his leg on a bin bag while clearing up after party .     47-year-old father-of-two suffered a cut so small it was barely visible .     it became infected , triggering the rare condition necrotizing faciitis .     surgeons were preparing to amputate when antibiotics began to work .
an ebay listing posted friday showed a laminated badge featuring a photo of hernandez and identifying information including height and weight .     the listing claiming id was from soffolk county jail was deleted saturday .     no bids had been put on the listing , which had a starting price of $ 500 .     hernandez is currently in prison during his trial for the the june 2013 shooting death of odin lloyd .
mole solutions is developing the idea as an alternative to road transport .     would see capsules loaded with goods sent in underground pipelines .     a test track has already been built for a nine month development project .     the project has approved some government funding from defra .
baltimore mayor says she wants to `` clarify '' use of the term .     some community leaders in the city call the term equivalent to the n-word .     others disagree and do n't want the debate overshadowing the issues .
matthew whelan , 35 , from birmingham has spent # 40,000 on tattoos .     he changed his name to king of inkland king body art the extreme ink-ite .     says prejudice about body modification has stopped him finding work .     plans to start his own business but worries he wo n't be taken seriously .     spends his time campaigning for his local liberal democrat mp .     mr body art appears on 2,000 tattoos , 40 piercings and a pickled ear , tonight at 10pm on channel 5 .
admiral insurance has complained about use of text speak in applications .     ' u r a gr8 company 2 work 4 ' just one example of the poorly worded forms .     welsh assembly asked companies to say why school leavers out of work .
sarah harper was dating christopher lane , 22 , when he was gunned down .     chancey allen luna has been accused of killing sportsman in august 2013 .     he was visiting harper in the city of duncan when he was slain .     the melbourne , australia , native was on a baseball scholarship at the time .     prosecutors also said 104 bullets were discovered in the drive-by car .
jordan spieth and charley hoffman to tee off at 7:55 pm uk time .     justin rose in penultimate pairing at 7:45 pm with dustin johnson .     paul casey joined by phil mickelson at 7:35 pm on saturday .     tiger woods and sergio garcia tee off at 6:15 pm .     rory mcilroy and bubba watson commence at 5:45 pm .
love dislocated his left shoulder on sunday during a tussle with boston 's kelly olynyk .     olynyk 's right arm became entangled with love 's left arm while his shoulder suddenly popped out .     he grabbed his arm and kept running toward the cleveland bench before going to the locker room , where he iced his shoulder .     ' i have no doubt in my mind that he did it on purpose , ' love said .
boy george posted video of robbie keane singing on facebook .     la galaxy 's keane was belting out his version of karma chameleon .     while enthusiastic he does n't appear to know the words to the song .
five-month-old elijah mccrae 's parents made a bucket list for their son .     baby elijah tragically died with only one item ticked off on the list .     his parents , jessica andrew , wanted to show their son the world .     little elijah had the fatal genetic disease type 1 spinal muscular atrophy .     the list included a trip to queensland , a ferry ride and watching the sunset .
video shows six children asked to pick out their mother while blindfolded .     mums become emotional waiting to see if their child will recognise them .     pandora created ` the unique connection ' for mother 's day .     the video has so far been viewed 2.8 million times on youtube .
name of ancient goddess of egypt was on wmo list for hurricanes in 2016 .     organization deemed name inappropriate and replaced it with name ivette .     wmo has rotating lists of names for various regions that run from a to z .     mexico requested to retire name odile and odalys will be its replacement .
kim bok-dong is determined to share her story of sexual slavery until she 's no longer physically able .     kim was held prisoner by the japanese military in a `` comfort station '' for five years , raped ceaselessly .     she says she wo n't rest until she receives a formal apology from the japanese government .
patient had 19 teeth removed in a series of operations in munich , germany .     the dentist - known only as k - claimed he was a ` recognised healer '     alleged the patient had bone inflammation and could n't have fillings .     independent report found there was no medical basis for the operations .
east asia sees soaring rates of myopia , with 80-90 % of young adult population affected .     evidence that myopia rates are increasing in europe and the u.s.     scientists advice for kids : go outside and play .
in an interview , armani , 80 , described cosmetic surgery as idiocy .     believes women ` should not be desperate to look younger than her age '     the italian designer also said he did n't like men who looked too muscly .
the 37-year-old welcomed her first daughter cecilia kathryn into the world on february 9 .     maggie and her husband alex mehran are also parents to two sons , three-year-old zander and two-year-old quinnlann clancy .     the parents are enjoying a beach vacation with their three children .
sean donohoe , 30 , from wilnecote , tamworth , befriended woman in 2007 .     he took over her finances , applied for credit cards and ran up huge debts .     he made her change her will , secretly took out life insurance policies and abused her trust ` in every conceivable way '     donohoe , who admitted theft and fraud , has now been jailed for 21 months .
headmaster peter tait claimed parents should trust their child 's educators .     excessive interference could harm their children 's development , he said .     he made the comments for article in preparatory school magazine attain .
romanian company mb telecom revealed the roboscan 2m aeria .     it uses a cone of radiation to sweep across planes and look inside .     the device is accurate enough to find a filament in a light bulb .     but the radiation it emits is not safe for passengers yet .
michael phelps won his first race back following six-month suspension .     phelps was suspended by usa swimming for failing a drink-driving test .     olympic champion won 100m butterfly at the arena pro swim series .
atletico madrid 0-0 real madrid : read martin samuel 's report from spain .     mario mandzukic was battered and bruised during the quarter-final tie .     the atletico striker came to blows with sergio ramos and dani carvajal .     atletico have a history of buying great strikers after selling their forwards .     diego simeone has bought the closest thing to diego costa he could find .     mandzukic differs from costa in style of play but proved as aggressive .     he and antoine griezmann can become suitable replacements at atletico .
floyd mayweather will have $ 25,000 mouthguard for manny pacquiao bout .     the mouthguard to contain diamonds , gold and $ 100 dollar bills .     he also spent $ 300,000 on mercedes ` land yacht ' people carrier .     carl foch unlikely to meet andre ward or julio cesar chavez jnr .     click here for all the latest news from the world of boxing .
ferrari made 599 of the cars which are their fastest ever road going model .     owners had to be invited by ferrari to buy the limited edition model .     roberto cinti unleashed the car 's 671bhp v12 engine instead of the brake .     the car ploughed through the front of a shop causing extensive damage .
a student expelled from george mason university for violating its sexual misconduct policy is suing in federal court to clear his name .     the man is arguing an encounter with a girlfriend was sadomasochistic role playing , not sexual assault .     the sexual misconduct allegations stem from an october 2013 encounter with the couple in the male student 's dorm room on the fairfax campus .     at one point , according to the lawsuit , she pushed him away but did n't invoke her safe word .     later that night , the two engaged in a second sex act , in which the male student asked her if she was interested , and she replied , ' i do n't know '     the lawsuit claims the woman only filed a complaint months later , after the couple broke up and she had found out the man was cheating on her .
trip will come before pope francis arrives in united states .     francis played key role in re-establishing diplomatic ties between cuba and u.s.
woman performed stunt at a birthday party in sichuan province .     she initially holds two people with her legs and twirls them .     she then lifts four people who cling onto the wooden plank .
for 25 years , ali addeh refugee camp has been a holding point for those fleeing into djibouti .     many come from somalia , ethiopia and especially eritrea -- which is ruled by a one-party state .     despite the risks , eritrean refugees say they 'd risk their lives with people smugglers .
the dadaab refugee camp is the world 's largest , with more than 600,000 people .     kenya will change `` the way america changed after 9/11 , '' deputy president says .     william ruto adds that `` we must secure this country at whatever cost ''
classic fm dj and former itn presenter 's wife bonnie died on april 15 .     suchet , 71 , described bonnie said marriage was ` made in heaven '     he had been open about her dementia diagnosis and wrote a book about it .
people who have never been divorced can expect an extra # 2,100 a year .     survey found one in five divorcees who stop work this year will have debts .     debt of divorced retiree averages at # 22,100 , according to prudential report .
american expat brad reynolds wrote his first review in 2010 while visiting saint petersburg , russia .     the 38-year-old teacher critiques every hotel , restaurant and landmark he visits on holiday .     brad 's 66,000 contributions to the travel website include nearly 40,000 photos of the places he has visited .     the teacher has posted reviews from nearly 400 cities and almost 50 countries .     now living in hong kong , his travel tips have been read by millions of people around the world .
nike have launched the new world cup uniforms for the us women 's team .     fans have been outraged because it does n't represent stars and stripes .     company has defended the style and players have been positive .
plane was not full so one man decided to change seats .     however , the move angered a fellow passenger who spoke out .     row turned into fight , as passenger reports punches thrown .     one man was taken away for questioning once landed at muscat .
louis jordan says his sailboat capsized three times .     he survived by collecting rainwater and eating raw fish .     frank jordan told cnn his son is n't an experienced sailor but has a strong will .
father wanted an aussie to record a message from tooth fairy to his son .     jacob hall , from iowa in the u.s. , made a call for help on website reddit .     victoria 's jeff pyrotek made a 20-second message as ` bruce ' the tooth fairy .     mr pyrotek , who is a father-of-three , said he wanted to make the boy 's day .     so far , mr hall 's message has attracted more than 100 comments on reddit .     mr hall said his son , evan , believed the tooth fairy was from australia .     he explained last time evan , 7 , lost a tooth the fictional creature was late .     so mr hall told him this happened because the fairy was from down under .
the bentley r-type continental fastback was expected to sell for # 200,000 .     but an anonymous car collector bought it for # 739,212 in surrey yesterday .     when the vintage car is restored , it could be worth more than # 1million .     described as ` one of the rarest cars of its time ' as only 218 cars were made .
`` we did everything that we could do , '' kenya 's foreign minister says .     despite intelligence , rapid response team stuck in nairobi for hours after massacre , official says .     al-shabaab 's mohamed mohamud `` has a lot of grudges against the kenyans , '' expert says .
skytrax found kansai international as the top airport for baggage handling .     kansai has not lost a single piece of luggage in the 21 years its been open .     in recent ranking of top 10 airports , seven of the ten are located in asia .
luke shambrook was last seen leaving candlebark campground on friday .     the 11-year old was camping in the victorian national park with his family .     luke has limited speech and his family says he is probably confused .     a large search is being carried by a medley of search and rescue teams .     police also said conditions are favourable for his survival overnight .     they have issued an extensive description of luke and his clothing .
katie and dalton met as patients dealing with cystic fibrosis .     two years later , they were married .     dalton received a lung transplant , but katie is still waiting .
julie mckenzie , 53 , from bushy , herts , had a nagging back pain .     her gp assured her it as down to a mild curvature of the spine .     but she 'd always been strong and active until the pain began in 2013 .     she used her private medical cover to see a spinal surgeon , robert lee .     mri scan revealed her coccyx contained a tumour .
tourists posted a video of themselves dragging a shark onto shore .     the clip shows them catching the huge shark with a fishing line on a new zealand beach .     they stand just centimetres away from the beast who thrashes angrily .     catching and releasing a shark is a legal sport in new zealand .     it 's crucial right techniques are used for safety of fisherman and shark .     the shark should not be touch minimally , but in the video the tourists drag the shark in and pose for photos holding the creature .
manchester united beat their rivals city 4-2 at old trafford on sunday .     gary neville was co-commentator with martin tyler for the derby .     ` smalling has scored . it 's a mauling for city , ' said neville at one point .     the former united defender 's commentary was fit for the occasion .
beatrice seen watching race on terrace with the gulf state 's crown prince .     marks 13th holiday since november last year , and fourth in a month .     princess quit her job at sony pictures in new york before christmas .     despite that she is described as working full-time on her father 's website .
the 34-year-old singer made the initial comments on loose women .     argued that ` unhealthy lifestyles ' should not be ` facilitated '     plus-size industry says views are ` uninformed '     star faced bitter twitter backlash , then appeared on good morning britain .     back on loose women this afternoon , she clarified her views .     janet street porter and her other co-stars leapt to her defence .     real-life women have been posting their pictures to twitter .     they 've been using #wearethethey in reference to her comments .
two contestants on countdown came up with the same word during game .     co-presenter rachel riley looked embarrassed as she spelt out ` erection '     host nick hewer failed to stifle his laughter during the awkward moment .
washington 's american chemical society video explains the avengers .     it looks at the composition of iron man 's suit and captain america 's shield .     and it also explains science behind black widow 's super-healing abilities .     the verdict is that some - but not all - of the science is plausible .
nottingham forest are close to extending dougie freedman 's contract .     the forest boss took over from former manager stuart pearce in february .     freedman has since lead the club to ninth in the championship .
tiger woods has made his first public appearance for 60 days .     he had been on hiatus to recover from injury and a dip in form .     woods warmed up at the augusta course ahead of the 2015 masters .     the 39-year-old was given a warm welcome back by the crowd .
five bed apartment in hollywood siren 's former building in knightsbridge available to rent for # 10,500 per week .     spacious luxury flat features five bathrooms , two large reception rooms , a study and a modern kitchen .     gardner moved to london in 1968 and made number 34 ennismore gardens her primary residency until her death .     she once described the home as her ` little london retreat ' and spoke of her love of its history and grandeur .
new dove worldwide survey finds 96 per cent think they 're ` average '     out of 11,000 australian women , a huge 9,397 rated themselves average .     new video filmed in five countries highlights the statistics .     participants had to choose between doors marked ` beautiful ' and average '     dove has launched new #choosebeautiful campaign .
haroon moghul : tsarnaev found guilty in terrorist bombing of boston marathon . how to prevent future such acts by young muslims ?     pew reports by 2050 , one in 4 will be muslim . many equate terror with islam . not true , but we should grasp what causes radicalization .     moghul : muslims see their community besieged around world , some think solution is violence . they must be shown other way to help .
the $ 39.99 -lrb- # 26 -rrb- gadget is called the nanoheat wireless heated mug .     it keeps hot drinks at between 68 and 71 °c -lrb- 155 and 160 °f -rrb- for 45 minutes .     mug can be used more than seven times before it needs to be charged .     and it can be charged wirelessly or using a traditional usb cord .
over 250 thousand people have visited nazi concentration camp in 2015 .     visits have increased by 40 % since same period of the previous year .     january saw 70th anniversary of its liberation and a surge in interest .
a video uploaded by youtube user shkesi shows a baby girl mesmerized by the mothering hen .     as the plush bird bounces up and down and pops out an egg the infant can barely believe her eyes .
matthew hall , 25 , from manchester got off on terrorising female victims .     he targeted single women in their homes in an upscale manchester area .     jailed two years after pleading guilty to burglary and attempted burglary .     hall , repeat offender , climbed balconies and hid himself in their bedrooms .
the pontiff laments the suffering of people in conflicts currently making headlines .     foremost , he asks that bloodshed end in iraq and syria .
images from dawn reveal the mysterious spots on the surface , named feature one and feature five , in infrared .     feature one is cooler than rest of surface , but give is in a region that is similar in temperature to surroundings .     leading theory for spots is that ice covered by a thin layer of soil is exploding due to pressure in the asteroid .
kroeger , 57 , was a cast member on snl from 1982 to 1985 .     he moved back to his home state of iowa 12 years ago to raise his two sons and is now an advertising executive .     freshman republican rod blum is currently representing the 1st district .     kroeger will be running as a democrat and already has two opponents for the primary .
kaitlyn granado , 24 , first arrested march 19 for relationship with boy , 15 .     admitting kissing and letting him touch her and was released on bail .     officers quizzed another 15-year-old on march 24 over second relationship .     granado arrested again amid claims she had sex with second boy in car .
briony ingerson posted a photo of herself and a friend in ` blackface '     the fox sports australia freelance presenter proceeded to defend her actions on twitter , writing ` it was an african costume party #notracistatall '     fox sports australia say they are satisfied ingerson is upset , apologetic and understands her actions were offensive .     issue was flagged by a journalism student who worked alongside ingerson .
a dispute broke out between lewis hamilton and nico rosberg on sunday .     hamilton finished ahead of his team-mate to win the chinese grand prix .     the british driver said that he is a ` racer ' and rosberg is not .     both mercedes drivers are en route to sunday 's bahrain grand prix .
kirk pingelly and layne beachley have won their legal dispute .     the couple were caught in a legal battle over redeveloping their home .     neighbour wendy goyer said developments would ` destroy ' her views .     she said the picturesque views were a major reason she bought the home .     the court ruled her views werent ` iconic ' and were already at risk of being built out .
the english bulldog puppy named hazel jumps into the basket .     after leaning on the side of it , the puppy is thrown across room .     puppy gets up , jumps back inside basket and chews on its rim .     hazel the bulldog is featured in a number of videos on youtube .
charles kane of spencerport , new york was arrested thursday as he met up with a 14-year-old girl for sex .     the girl was in fact an undercover officer who had responded to kane 's online posting for sex with a young girl and a daddy/daughter relationship .     kane , 46 , is a married middle school music teacher with two young daughters .     he had been communicating with the officer for months before he planned the meeting at a local movie theater .     kane had a full box of condoms on him at the time he was arrested .     he has been charged with enticement of a minor to engage in sexual activity and faces up to 10 years in prison and a $ 250,000 fine if convicted .
furious fans uploaded pictures to social media of huge lines for bathroom .     some left with no choice but to use plastic cups to relieve themselves .     wrigley field is undergoing huge renovation - its first overhaul in 80-years .     two bathrooms flooded - forcing thousands to queue for over an hour .
marshall county in illinois requests money from resigned rep aaron schock .     four term congressman from 18th district resigned after spending scandal .     lavish lifestyle questioned after $ 40,000 spent for ` downtown abbey ' office .     special elections for republican 's replacement will be in july , september .
beth hall , 24 , from cambridge , plummeted to a tiny 4st 13lb at her worst .     had begun the strict starvation regime at 16 after being bullied at school .     says she survived off tea and coffee and would go days without eating .     only when she was warned she was killing herself did she seek help .
dr. michael davidson was shot dead by stephen pasceri at brigham and women 's hospital in boston in january .     pasceri 's sister said he blamed the doctor for his mother 's recent death .     married pasceri took his own life after shooting davidson at heart center .     davidson 's wife , plastic surgeon dr terri halperin , was seven months pregnant at the time with their fourth child .     halperin delivered daughter mikaela jane davidson april 4 , less than three months after husband 's slaying .
stacey eden , 23 , stands up for muslim woman being bullied on the train .     video shows a middle-aged woman ranting about islam to quiet passenger .     ms eden said the ranter labelled the muslim commuters isis terrorists .     she also brought up beheadings , a massacre and the martin place siege .     abused man hafeez ahmed bhatti thanked ms eden the next day .     ` god bless stacey eden who supported us , ' mr bhatti posted on facebook .     mr bhatti said he will be speaking with police to potentially press charges .     islamic community leader says incidents are increasingly common .
mclaren driver jenson button ran the london marathon 2015 .     he finished with a time of 2 hours 52 minutes and 30 seconds .     button praised the ` amazing atmosphere ' and collective spirit of the runners at the event .
coachella visitors pay an average of # 187 per day for entry , food and drink .     travel money company no. 1 currency ranked the summer 's top festivals .     tomorrowland in belgium and glastonbury are second and third dearest .     serbia 's exit festival in petrovaradin fortress in novi sad is best value .
ten pieces collection was presented at the beachside pool during final day of mbfwa .     guests sat in and around the pool to take in the capsule collection of monochrome unisex pieces .     label is owned by icebergs restaurateur maurice terzini and partner lucy hinckfuss .
bella , 18 , is the younger sister of guess campaign star gigi hadid , 19 .     the rising star poses in a series of provocative outfits for the may issue of elle .     fellow fashion favorite hailey baldwin also features in the issue , appearing in her own separate shoot and interview .
stand-up routine on the tonight show on thursday branded ' a bomb '     singer said she was a ` closet comedian ' always wanted to do stand-up .     her jokes were about dating younger men and her art collection .     ' i crack myself up , ' she said at one point .
roxy wallace , 50 , was born as a boy , but wanted to live life as a woman .     she lived reclusive life , unable to bond with son william due to depression .     but in october 2013 , roxy finally revealed her secret to wife of 20 years , jo .     jo , 44 , supported roxy through her transition and the trio , from churchdown , glos , are now happier than ever .     william said : ' i love my second mummy so much . i never want daddy back '
hannah mcwhirter , 21 , had threesome with co-worker and her husband .     exchanged texts with dionne and shaun clark after saying she had fun .     but when mcwhirter 's boyfriend found out she claimed she had been raped .     she has now admitted wasting police time and will be sentenced in may .
neighbors blocked lucas ' plans to build a film studio in 2012 .     now he plans to erect a housing complex on land off lucas valley road .     the community would provide housing to 224 low-income families .     with huge support from low-income community , his neighbors will be hard-pressed to block the proposal .
trainer oliver sherwood already has one eye on the 2015 grand national .     many clouds romped to success at aintree in saturday 's big race .     and the winning horse is in ` a1 condition ' , according to sherwood .
new video shows stag do strutting in denim hotpants and heels .     hilarious homage to tv ad that got them cheers and applause in benidorm .     preparations for weekend included getting shoes stretched .     after wearing heels from 1pm to 7pm , the six men had painful blisters .
wallaby has been filmed ` punching ' a wombat in a victorian national park .     the wombat approached the unsuspecting wallaby and was met with a fist .     both animals went back to grazing in the area straight after the encounter .     no animals were harmed during the writing of this article .
aiko chihira will only speak japanese - but is capable of sign language .     created to appear , talk and move as humanly as possible .     will offer guidance to customers with information about store .
couple from lincolnshire won the eight-figure sum on tuesday .     they become the tenth biggest british winners in lottery history .     the husband said he thought the win was an april fools ' day trick .     comes the day after a couple living nearby won for the second time .
newcastle owner mike ashley owns 9.82 per cent stake in rangers .     rangers were fined # 5,500 by scottish fa for breaching two rules .     ashley was himself fined # 7,500 last month concerning dual ownership .
kenneth lombardi was a red carpet reporter for cbs new york .     he claims duane tollison , a senior producer , grabbed his crotch and kissed his neck in front of other colleagues at a december 2013 work party .     tollison later sent an email saying : ` if you were n't offended lets do it again '     lombardi also claims evening news directior albert colley touched and kissed him over drinks in may 2014 .     he is suing cbs , tollison and colley for unspecified damages .
aboriginal teenager arrested says police assaulted him while handcuffed .     ` kicked me across the face as my hands were cuffed , ' eathan cruse says .     19-year-old was one of five arrested in melbourne anti-terror operation .     his father says he was also the victim of police brutality during raid .     sevdet besim , 18 , charged with conspiracy to commit an act of terrorism .
curtly ambrose 's pep talk to west indies ' bowlers on day two worked .     chris jordan had a battle with former barbados team-mate jason holder .     sir viv richards said jordan ` looks as though he should have a javelin '     shiv chanderpaul 's test career for west indies passed 21 years .     charlotte edwards received her cbe from the queen .
chris lewis , 68 , of london , is suing his ex-wife nicola , 48 , for deception .     tv boss believed charlie , 19 , was his and paid maintenance after divorce .     but two years ago a devastating dna test revealed he was not the father .     mr lewis believes teenager was born out of affair months after his wedding .
shell casings , glass and blood stains litter dorm at garissa university college .     at least 147 died in thursday attack at the kenyan college .
daisy fell 10ft from quay into sea during holiday in caernarfon , north wales .     westie was rescued by passing fisherman after disappearing below waves .     owners dave rickard and his wife brenda gave lifeless pet the kiss of life .     mr rickard , 72 , said he acted ` instinctively ' to save their beloved pet .
alexsandro palombo has created #briefmessage social campaign .     italian artist asked women to write a message about violence on their pants .     he says the response has been ` immediate and powerful '
study analysed those taking selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors -lrb- ssris -rrb- .     found 69 % did not meet the criteria for clinical depression .     and 38 % did not meet the criteria for other mental conditions like anxiety .     experts : ` drugs are prescribed without an evidence-based diagnosis '
robert blecker : in sentencing phase , the prosecution lays out wealth of evidence that dzhokhar tsarnaev deserves penalty reserved for the worst of the worst .     he predicts most of the jury will vote for a death sentence , but it must be unanimous ; therefore , tsarnaev will most likely get life in prison .
the mom saw her son on tv throwing rocks at police , cnn affiliate reports .     police praise her actions .
mark-francis vandelli is a keen collector of expensive watches .     the made in chelsea star has 16 timepieces in his collection .     they come from high end businesses including cartier , rolex and bulgari .
manny pacquiao 's bout with floyd mayweather less than a month away .     the duo meet in a money-spinning duel in las vegas on may 2 .     pacquaio has shown off his multicoloured mouthpiece for the fight .     read : pacquiao thanks spike lee and tito mikey for their support .     click here for all the latest mayweather vs pacquiao news .
justin rose finished joint runner-up at the masters 2015 on 14-under-par .     rose 's final total has only been bettered six times at the the masters .     rose hopes to build on his display and take some big titles across the year .     click here for all the latest news and reaction following the masters .
incredible images show handcuffed members from the notorious barrio 18 gang being marched onto buses .     in total 1,177 were transferred to a different jail where they will mix with their arch rivals - mara salvatrucha .     the gang members will now no longer be classified by gang affiliation , but by how dangerous they are .
ed miliband accused of ` hypocrisy ' after 68 mps used zero-hour contracts .     100 workers and employers from ` all walks of life ' signed letter backing ed .     but signatories included affluent students and union and party activists .     john-jo pierce and rory somerville both pictured in black tie with cigars .     wayne hemingway , red or dead co-founder , has used zero-hour contracts .     a picture caption in an earlier version of this article wrongly stated that rory somerville is 31 years old . we are happy to clarify that mr somerville is 21 and was aged 19 in the photo . the caption also wrongly attributed comments said by deirdre pierce about her son , john-jo , to mr somerville 's mother .
saba and sheikh amari run luxury car dealership in preston .     the couple sell sought-after new and classic cars to the rich and famous .     saba she uses her feminine wiles to get clients to part with their cash .     salesman tom hartley and son carl sell # 4million worth of cars each week .
salk 's vaccine began with inoculating school children in april , 1955 .     polio was declared eradicated in the u.s. in 1979 , but still exists in other countries .     a new microneedle patch is easily used by minimally trained personnel .
teresa swarbrick drowned on april 8 off the coast of byron bay , nsw .     her husband alan described her as a ` special soul ' in a facebook tribute .     ' i simply can not express the love we had together , ' he said .     the mother of two was caught in strong currents while snorkelling .     lifeguards and paramedics were unable to revive her with cpr .
pop star taylor swift revealed thursday that her mom has cancer .     the nature and severity of andrea swift 's cancer have not been divulged .
phenomenon formed of two separate double rainbows snapped on tuesday .     fashion entrepreneur amanda curtis saw it at glen cove lirr station .
roman ehrhardt became an internet sensation after a snapshot of him cooking bacon while in the front row of a college lecture was shared online .     the senior communications major at mississippi state was secretly completing a project , in which he had to violate a societal norm .
liverpool goalkeeper simon mignolet was dropped in december .     but the belgian quickly made his return after brad jones was injured .     mignolet has been in impressive form since his return for the reds .     read : liverpool want fiorentina goalkeeper neto ... but face competition from psg , according to the brazilian 's agent .     click here for the latest liverpool news .
monarch ranked 302 on sunday times rich list - slipping from 285 in 2014 .     ukrainain oligarch len blavatnik tops the roll with a # 13.17 billion fortune .     the wealthiest 1,000 individuals have a combined wealth of almost # 550bn .     high-rollers include jk rowling worth # 570m and billionaire lord sugar .
virgin australia launches complimentary food on all domestic flights .     package will also include free checked baggage on all local flights .     food and beverage service tailored to time of day and duration of journey .     move also includes free checked baggage on all domestic flights .
young belgian jason denayer has impressed on loan with celtic .     former hoops captain tom boyd claims the defender is ready to challenge for a place at manchester city next season .     ronny deila is looking at hearts defender danny wilson to fill the void .
montpellier bus driver sparks outrage with comment over the ` odour '     said smell from those traveling into the city on route 9 was ' a true infection '     bus company tam is said to have now outsourced that part of the route .     but union bosses have said it risks creating ` apartheid ' in french city .
a boston-area dog ate three of her owner 's wristwatches .     a veterinarian removed about 1 lb . of watch parts from her stomach .     mocha the doberman is now doing well .
the fbi cites social media messages sent by keonna thomas , 30 .     she 's accused of trying to travel overseas to join isis .     thomas is one of three women facing federal terror charges this week .
airline passengers left behind almost $ 675,000 in spare change in 2013 .     tsa can keep the money to spend on improving civil aviation security .     the figure is $ 107,00 more than 2012 and double that collected in 2008 .
keith crandall : five years after the deepwater horizon rig exploded , we are only beginning to understand its effects on the gulf .     a crab species may be a key indicator of the impact , he says .
a little owl was captured trying to join his siblings ' huddle by gently tugging on their wings in beaconsfield , bucks .     photos taken by sales manager dean mason , 48 , from bournemouth , from a camouflaged shelter six metres away .
celtic extend their lead at the top of the scottish premiership table .     james forrest scored the opener for the visitors before stefan johansen made sure of three points from the penalty spot .     st mirren remain bottom of the league table with 21 points .
rihanna cooper , 21 , from hull , is working as an escort to pay for genital op .     became the youngest person in britain to be accepted for sex swap at 16 .     part way through treatment , she decided she actually wanted to be a boy .     she had hormone injections but stopped treatment after 2 suicide attempts .     now she says she does want to be a woman and is paying for her treatment .
vít jedlicka researched unclaimed land in europe to launch a ` new ' nation .     czech politician named country ` liberland ' - saying citizens will decide tax and laws themselves and there will be minimal government involvement .     tiny ` country ' lies on the banks of the danube and has only one citizen .     but legal experts believe the area is likely to already by part of serbia .
risks for cigar smokers of dying from cancer ` at least as bad as cigarettes '     claim follows us study , where cigar use is on rise and cigarettes a decline .     cigar consumption doubled from 2000-2011 ; 33 per cent fall in cigarettes .     more young people taking up cigars thanks to new range of flavoured ones .
suzy lamplugh trust said slogans make the crime seem ` humorous '     charity warns joking about stalking can prevent victims coming forward .     t-shirts joking about stalking are sold online in various us and uk stores .     one in six women will be stalked at some point in their life .
janet street-porter joked about snp leader nicola sturgeon on twitter .     the journalist was called ugly , vile and ` someone who deserves to die '     says worrying questions remain about some of the snp leader 's followers .
more details of the so-called ` everyday americans ' have been revealed .     gardener julie stauch was state campaign manager for wendy davis .     sean bagniewski , who appears with his wife , has campaigned for clinton .     but he held an event for likely rival o'malley days before video 's release .
lauren york , 15 , was found monday afternoon in north ridgeville , ohio .     she went missing sunday morning around 4am and her family feared she was on her way to missouri .     the home-schooled teen was allegedly communicating with people in online chat rooms and made several calls before she left home .     ` update : my daughter lauren york has been found . we are all praising god , ' her mother posted on facebook monday afternoon .
investigators found photos of a young girl being sexually abused .     fbi are trying to trace a man , who is not accused of carrying out abuse .     he appears in image posing with the girl , but not abusing her .     they want to find him to identify the girl and her abusers .
bristol rovers were relegated from the football league last season .     there were tears on the final day after they lost their place in league two .     12 months later , rovers are on the brink of returning to the league .     they sit second going into the final weekend , behind barnet .
charlie chaplin , 35 , married his second wife lita grey in 1924 .     divorced three years later with grey branding ex ` cruel and inhumane '     salacious details of their married life revealed in 50 page legal document .     divorce papers set to fetch # 15,000 when they go under the hammer .
clare van santen , 37 , has stage 4 breast cancer , which means it 's terminal .     single mum-of-five was first diagnosed in 2005 while pregnant with her son .     she underwent chemotherapy and a mastectomy to fight the cancer .     then in october 2013 she learned it had spread to her liver and shoulder .     discovered she had tumors in her brain after a seizure in february 2015 .     now she has thrown her support behind the buying time campaign .     it urges people to donate to fund more breast care nurses and services .
photographer mervyn o'gorman was 42 when he snapped the pictures in 1913 .     mervyn was known as an early pioneer of colour photography and used the autochrome process .     his teenage daughter christina o'gorman posed in red swimsuit at lulworth cove , dorset .     autochrome photography process used dye and starch to create the melancholy tone .     do you know who christina was and what happened to her ? email femail@mailonline.co.uk .
robert downey jr walked out of an interview with channel 4 .     he became angry when questions turned to his personal life .     naomi campbell , robert pattinson and rihanna have ended interviews .
singer was partying with pals at coachella music and arts festival over the weekend .     video posted on instagram appears to show the singer preparing a suspicious substance and then holding her nose .     speculation has been rife as to what exactly is going on in the video .     a comment on instagram , believed to be from rihanna , claims it was a joint .     this is not the first time rihanna has found herself mired in controversy at coachella .     in 2012 she posted a picture of herself ` cutting up ' a white powered substance on the top of a man 's head .
noaa fisheries in maryland says humpback whale is no longer endangered .     they want to break up global population into 14 sub-populations .     ten of these will be ` not at risk ' , two ` threatened ' and two still ` endangered '     follows conservation ` success story ' that raised numbers to 90,000 .
bayern munich beat porto 6-1 in the champions league on tuesday .     pep guardiola 's team have now scored 115 goals this season .     robert lewandowski scored twice and is their top marksman .     hamburg are bayern 's favourite opposition with 11 strikes against them .
wenger and mourinho faced off once more as arsenal and chelsea contested a 0-0 draw .     neither boss was in a combative mood before the game despite some fiery match-ups between the pair in the past .     arsenal manager yet to record a win against the portuguese in 13 meetings .     the point is another significant step for chelsea in their inevitable march toward the title .     mourinho hits out at ` boring ' criticism as he claims 11-year title wait for arsenal is the real tragedy .
gloria borger : hillary clinton 's team is doing all it can to make her appear relatable to ordinary people .     she asks if the most famous woman in the world can really connect with ordinary voters ?
former journalist amanda goff has spoken out about her life as an escort .     in a tell all book the mother of two revealed the abuse she was faced with .     she told the world about her x-rated career on national television .     since then she 's received a combination of hate and kindness from mothers , people in the sex industry and those aspiring to be sex workers .     ms goff charges clients $ 800 an hour or $ 5,000 a night for her time .
terry cooper , 79 , said a badger the size of a large pig burst through hedge .     the pensioner from somerset said his jack russell dragged him indoors .     fears he may have been attacked by the badger if his pet had n't been there .
conor mcgregor recently commented saying he 'd ` kill ' floyd mayweather .     the boxer dismissed the irishman saying he only wants the limelight .     mayweather fights manny pacquiao at the mgm las vegas on may 2 .     mcgregor has a shot at the featherweight world title against jose aldo .     read : mayweather vs pacquiao contract still not signed , says bob arum .
london estate agents invited to value a house rigged with special effects .     the viral video was created to promote sky living 's new three-part drama .     the enfield haunting looks at supposed genuine haunting in late seventies .
shipping company representative denies cargo ship caused the capsizing .     unhcr spokeswoman tells cnn that a cargo ship may have touched the migrant boat .     italian authorities have arrested two survivors on suspicion of human trafficking .
charlie stayt made the error during live broadcast from southampton .     bbc presenter left out the letter ` c ' when he wrote word for third time .     many viewers took to twitter to complain about stayt 's mistake .
the queen was spotted enjoying another ride in windsor great park today .     rode her favourite fell pony , a mare named carltonlima emma .     joined by lord vesty , one of the richest men in england .     left her hard hat at home and opted for a silk scarf instead .
autistic teenager kimberly greenberg went missing more than a week ago .     the 15-year-old left her la home to go for a walk and never returned .     her mother janice has now made a desperate plea for help finding her .     she is said to be very trusting and has the mental capacity of an 8-year-old .
property developer falsely accused neighbour 's son-in-law of racist assault .     sanjay chaddah said he was called a ` p ** i ' during dispute with dean paton .     but police found cctv footage that showed in fact he attacked mr paton .     yesterday chaddah was given suspended sentence for assault and perjury .     he punched the air with delight and smirked as he strolled free from court .
stone 's biggest priority is to nourish his children with healthy food .     he and wife lindsay have two boys , hudson , 3 , and emerson , 7 months .     ` i do n't want him to have the nitrates and c *** that 's in a hot dog , ' he says .     he wants parents to expose their children to a range of healthy food .     stone is in australia to promote his cookbook , good food , good life .     photos of stone cooking and gardening with his wife feature in the book .
labour leader says speaking english is especially important in the nhs .     says communities can not live together if they do n't have shared language .     warns exploitation drives low-skilled migration and holds down wages .     admits it was wrong to open the doors to poles in 2004 without curbs .
an australian woman finds a ring while snorkeling in bali .     words engraved on the antique ring give clues to its owner 's identity .
labour leader accused of ` offensive ' behaviour during visit to sikh temple .     worshippers were banned from using cameras and phones to take pictures .     ed miliband 's team also banned national media journalists from the event .     community leader said the rules went against the ` ethos ' of their faith .
gary goldsmith posted picture of alleged culprit to his twitter account .     accompanying message included the words : ` evil s *** ... coming to get ya '     mr goldsmith was walking in regents park when the incident happened .     flamboyant millionaire businessman is carole middleton 's younger brother .
three-year-old choupette , the white siamese cat , is ` richest cat in world '     she did advert for cars in germany and beauty products in japan last year .     both earned her # 2.18 million and was first cat to front a beauty campaign .     this is just under the # 2.4 million cara delevingne earned last year .     in new york karl lagerfeld 's moggy had her own room in # 400 a night hotel .
tammy abraham opened the scoring for chelsea with a fine strike with just seven minutes of the game played .     but , chelsea 's lead did n't last long as the hosts levelled the scores two minutes later via isaac buckley .     some poor defending from manchester city allowed abraham to grab an acrobatic second to restore their lead .     chelsea wrapped up the win in the closing stages when dominic solanke broke free and slotted an effort home .
concept artist alex brady from cambridge has created beautiful pictures of what space travel might look like .     he imagines a space station of tomorrow similar to las vegas , with neon lights and plenty of attractions .     he said his designs are intended to be a bit more ` preposterous and cheerful ' than others .     and he also explores what the space planes that take humans to orbit in future might look like .
northern territory 's chief minister adam giles issued harsh warning .     minister for children and families john elferink also made the threat .     they say children who throw rocks at police will be taken into care .     ` parents should not doubt our resolve to do this , ' mr giles said .     nt police have seen a recent rise in youth crime in alice springs .     on monday 50 young people threw ` large rocks ' at police .     by wednesday night , however , there was no rock throwing reported .     police explained to daily mail australia it was not a ` regular occurrence '     no police officers have been harmed during the rock throwing .
constable neale mcshane has spent 10 years patrolling birdsville in qld .     the 59-year-old is one of the most remotely stationed officers in australia .     his jurisdiction , which contains the simpson desert , is the size of the uk .     temperatures in the remote region can reach upwards of 50 degrees .     mcshane will retire later this year and police are looking for a replacement .
new polls shows 39 % of voters now say they will back the conservatives .     this is compared to just 33 % for labour , according to the pollsters icm .     comes after tories pledged to scrap inheritance tax on homes up to # 1m .     the conservatives only scored 36 % in the general election in 2010 .     a separate poll published today showed the parties tied on 33 % each .
`` we 're all equal , and we all deserve the same fair trial , '' says one juror .     the months-long murder trial of aaron hernandez brought jurors together .     foreperson : `` it 's been an incredibly emotional toll on all of us ''
keaway lafonz ivy , known as kealo , was shot and killed in seat pleasant , maryland , wednesday night .     police arrested 21-year-old lafonzo leonard iracks in washington dc friday in connection to killing .     iracks allegedly shot ivy once in the chest from a gun used in the filming of the video .
the plate - h982 fkl - was on clarkson 's porsche during christmas special .     local veterans considered it a reference to the bloody 1982 falklands war .     angry villagers attacked top gear convoy and the team fled the country .     judge ruled the number plate was deliberate reference despite bbc denial .
mehmet oz is on staff at columbia 's college of physicians and surgeons .     dr oz is the vice chairman and professor of surgery at the medical school .     group of ten top doctors sent letter to school urging for oz 's dismissal .     said there 's no scientific proof his ` miracle ' weight-loss supplements work .     columbia said it ` is committed to the principle of academic freedom '     university has not removed tv celebrity doctor from his faculty position .
fbi accused in new book - by leading king historian stuart wexler - of misleading congress by destroying files on civil rights leader 's murder .     he tells daily mail online agency disobeyed direct order to preserve all materials and believes it was to protect informer from being identified .     tommy tarrants , high-ranking kkk member went from being little-known racist to having his picture shown to witnesses .     files from two field offices which had information on tarrants were destroyed in 1977 after congress launched assassinations committee .     wexler believes it is because they could have exposed laude matthews , head of mississippi kkk , as an fbi asset under deep cover .
issa hayatou , president of african football , said they will support sepp blatter in his bid to for fifth term as fifa president .     all 54 african fifa members have agreed to back blatter in the election .     luis figo , prince ali bin al-hussein and michael van pragg have chosen to stand against the 79-year-old and become the new president .
arsenal host liverpool in explosive return from international football .     manchester united feature at saturday 3pm when they take on aston villa .     league leaders chelsea welcome stoke city in saturday evening kick off .     barclays premier league champions manchester city travel to crystal palace for monday night football .     sunderland and newcastle united clash in wear-tyne derby on sunday .
the china national tourism administration will monitor tourist behaviour .     unruly chinese citizens will be contacted when they return to the country .     the country has had bad press from a string of publicised incidents .
writer stewart brand says warnings that the world is facing a new mass extinction may lead to a fatalistic attitude that will do more harm than good .     instead he points to the recovery of species due to conservation efforts .     he believes climate change is unlikely to have the feared impact on wildlife .     he argues that more new species are being discovered than are being lost .
parents of nine children involved in plots to travel to syria are affected .     they include three terror suspects who have all previously been named .     critics argue parents should be named because they could be extremists .
leah williamson reveals she could n't sleep ahead of crucial penalty retake as england earn 2-2 against norway .     mo marley 's side qualify for european championships in israel .     uefa ordered the final 18 seconds of the qualifier to be replayed after a refereeing mistake .     referee marija kurtes incorrectly awarded an indirect free-kick to norway for encroachment after disallowing england 's penalty on saturday .     england were 2-1 down to norway at the time in the 96th minute .     german kurtes , 28 , has been sent home following her error .     it is the first time ever that a decision like this has been taken by uefa .     watch video below of the controversial penalty incident .     read : graham poll 's expert verdict on uefa 's bizarre decision .
` soldiers ' were sentenced to death by islamic court ` for waging war on god '     masked executioner beheads the men before wiping his blood-stained blade .     men and young children gathered to watch execution in isis-held al-mayadin .     isis has recruited ` hundreds of children ' from east syrian city , experts claim .
defence minister kevin andrew was unable to name leader of islamic state .     he cited ` operational reasons ' as why he did n't say abu bakr al-baghdadi .     earlier , the federal government announced 330 troops would go to iraq .     but mr andrew said they would not be engaging in combat on front lines .
smita srivastava currently holds record for longest hair in india .     her hair was measured at 6ft -lrb- 1.8 m -rrb- in the limca book of records .     it now stands at 7ft -lrb- 2.1 m -rrb- and has made her a local celebrity .     smita has long way to go before she knocks current holder off her perch .
dr. ayse giray first sued hamdi ulukaya in 2012 on claims her family lent him $ 500,000 that helped him build the yogurt empire .
unite boss len mccluskey told members that unions created labour .     he urged members to ` take back our country ' and ` bring back decency '     last week his union pumped a further # 1 million into the labour party .     more than half of labour candidates in winnable seats are backed by unite .
the 79th masters tournament begins on thursday at augusta national .     tiger woods and rory mcilroy are among the leading contenders .     it has seen many shots which have gone down in golfing legend .     seve ballesteros , phil mickelson and nick faldo all made history .
an echidna is filmed swimming in turquoise waters at victoria 's rye beach .     the land-based mammal looks to be using its ant-eating snout as a snorkel .     echidnas are proficient swimmers , believed to have evolved from aquatic ancestors like the platypus .
prime minister makes culinary blunder as he tries to woo devon voters .     chatting in a barnstaple cafe , he tried to guess jam or cream first .     cornish use jam with cream on top , but people in devon do it in reverse .
nicholas tooth , 25 , was playing for the quirindi lions in regional nsw .     on saturday he hit his head on an opponent 's shoulder during a tackle .     he was airlifted to newcastle 's john hunter hospital in a critical condition .     on sunday mr tooth , who had been living in sydney , died in hospital .
this page includes the show transcript .     use the transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary .     at the bottom of the page , comment for a chance to be mentioned on cnn student news . you must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the cnn student news roll call .
joshua burns was sentenced to three years ' probation with the first served in livingston county jail for second-degree child abuse earlier this month .     he and his wife , brenda burns , maintain that he 's innocent and that the 11-week-old baby slipped from his lap and he caught her by the face .     he claims that he was trying to save his daughter , now one year old , from hitting her head on a coffee table in their home .     brenda burns has fled michigan to colorado to escape what she believes is unconstitutional oversight by the department of human services .     a june hearing could potentially terminate joshua burns 's parental rights .     the couple will be featured on dr phil on monday to tell their story .
caroline irby , 64 , was charged with 10 counts of animal cruelty monday .     almost 100 dogs were found locked up inside a windowless barn on her property in manchester , tennessee , without food or water .     they were emaciated and ` living in several inches of their own waste '     10 other dogs were found dead stacked in a wheelbarrow .     rescue workers moved them to a shelter in lebanon , tennessee .
ding jinhui potted 12 reds and 12 blacks to rack up 96 points in break .     but chinese star screwed back for the blue instead of the black .     world no 3 ding realised what he had done and held his head in his hands .     he then started to giggle along with his first-round opponent mark davis .     ding would have pocketed # 30,000 for maximum 147 break at the crucible .     world snooker championships taking place in sheffield .
louis jordan , 37 , released a three-paragraph statement on monday in a bid to answer critics suspicious of his amazing survival story .     the sailor said he survived by staying inside his cabin to keep dry and avoid sun , wind , waves and sea spray during his 66 day ordeal .     he also said he rationed food and water and kept his calorie expenditure low .     ` god is truly great , ' he said as he revealed that he now plans to write a book around his experience .
kim sears married andy murray yesterday in a jenny packham gown .     she opted for a traditional style for her wedding dress .     increasingly , celebrities are shying away from traditional gowns .     keira knightley wore a prom dress and angelia jolie 's kids decorated hers .
misao okawa died peacefully in her nursing home , surrounding by family .     born in 1898 , great-grandmother celebrated her 117th birthday on march 5 .     gertrude weaver , 116 , from arkansas , usa , now world 's oldest person .
weinstein 's wife georgina chapman , 38 , is seeking to find a resolution to the allegations as soon as possible , according to one of the sources .     on friday it emerged a sting set up by the nypd shows weinstein did n't deny touching italian model ambra battilana - and apologized to her .     she alleges he asked her for a kiss and then groped her during a ` business meeting ' at his manhattan office on friday night .     a source claimed during the recorded conversation set up under the watch of the nypd , he did not deny touching her .     the hollywood producer has denied the allegations and has spoken to police , who have not filed charges .     but a spokesman for chapman denied the marriage was in trouble and said they had spent the weekend together .
bayern munich beat porto 6-1 in their champions league tie on tuesday .     result saw bayern win quarter-final encounter 7-4 on aggregate .     it was the first-time porto had reached that stage since the 2008-09 season .
the image is believed to come from a firebrand american religious group .     professors of gynecology hans peter dietz said the image is dangerous .     the professor said it represents a broader anti-caesarean sentiment .     world health organisation said the number of caesareans needs to drop .
paul ceglia on the run from criminal charges he falsely claimed ownership .     his family accused facebook and prosecutors of conspiring against him .     judge said mark zuckerberg has two days to hand over all relevant emails .     the order ignores zuckerberg 's request to wait until ceglia is found .
bayern munich 's long-serving doctor hans-wilhelm muller-wohlfahrt quits .     german champions lost 3-1 in the champions league to porto this week .     muller-wohlfahrt claimed he and his staff were blamed for the defeat .     bayern release statement on friday thanking muller-wohlfahrt for his services and saying they ` regret ' his decision .     guardiola on friday said he ` respects ' muller-wohlfahrt 's decision .     pep guardiola seemed to place blame on injuries in post-match interview .
researchers at the lawrence berkeley national laboratory used real skin samples to study microscopic changes that resist tears when pulled apart .     they found collagen fibres in dermis change structure when under strain .     the fibres go from being a disorganised tangle to straighten and stretch .     scientists hope their findings can help develop new tear-resistant materials .
pattie boyd and rod weston , 61 , have been together for almost 25 years .     pair were accompanied by their dog freddie at chelsea register office .     this is pattie 's third marriage - her first was to george harrison in 1966 .     bentley took couple to wedding breakfast at beaumont hotel in mayfair .
roots of the banyan tree in southern china originally grew against a wall .     when moved to its new home , the entangled roots became the trunk .     the structure is so lightweight that the entire tree sways in the breeze .
276 nigerian schoolgirls kidnapped by boko haram militants last year .     the shocking abduction led to high profile ` bring back our girls ' campaign .     many children remain in captivity , forced to fight or become sex slaves .     unicef film highlights few escapees are now in refugee camps .     the charity says more than 200 girls remain in captivity .
nashville 's district attorney banned prosecutors from offering female sterilization in plea deals .     danny cevallos : present-day sterilization plea deals are voluntary and unlike creepy antiquated practices .
a woman found a ball deliberately covered in sharp pins at a nearby park .     she thinks the balls were made to harm animals or children in the area .     tegan peters used social media to warn her auckland neighbours .     ` it is something i would want to be aware of so i posted it on my page '     the discovery was made in a popular dog walking park , near schools .
david curry visited the wallow in blyth , northumberland with his family .     he walked into the bar but was told to leave by a member of staff .     the pub chain has apologised , but said branch has a no tracksuit policy .     mr curry often wears sportswear because he runs 20 miles a day .
age-old game of cat and mouse is brought to life in these quirky pictures taken in shepton mallet in somerset .     the pair are seen battling it out on the roof of a shed in a real life take on an episode of tom and jerry .     ironically , the cat 's name is mouse . the pictures show the dangers small rodents have to be aware of in the area .
michael bisping targets impressive win when he returns to the octagon .     bisping will look to get back into the title hunt with a win over cb dolloway .     the 36-year-old brit last fought in the uk almost five years ago .
`` amy '' features archival footage of the singer and original music tracks .     `` amy '' seeks to `` truly capture not just the great artist that she was , '' filmmakers say .     winehouse , who died at 27 , said fame would probably drive her `` mad ''
abedin was clinton 's deputy chief of staff at the state department and was her ` body woman ' during the 2008 presidential campaign .     state department is investigating a special arrangement that allowed her to earn a second income at a clinton-linked consulting firm while she drew a government salary .     abedin also used a private email address on hillary 's infamous home-brew private email server while she worked at state .     she is married to disgraced former congressman anthony weiner , and stood by him through a string of embarrassing sexting scandals .     huma is a muslim whose mother teaches in saudi arabia , a country that donated millions to the clinton foundation while hillary ran the state dept.
the shariya refugee camp opened around six months ago , made up of 4,000 tents and counting .     the vast majority of the camp 's occupants are from the town of sinjar and fled an isis assault .     but ahlam , her children and their grandparents were taken captive .
manny pacquiao 's early life is portrayed in a new film called kid kulafu .     the film is named after bottles of wine the boxer collected as a child .     it charts his rise from humble beginnings to his first steps in the ring .     pacquiao takes on floyd mayweather in las vegas on may 2 .
pre-colonial brazilians thought twins were a product of adultery .     greek mythology believed twins were the product of intercourse with gods .     many of us remain baffled by the uncanny bond identical twins share .
22-year-old cao yu was on patrol when she confronted the man .     robber wounded her five times as she awaited reinforcements .     colleagues say they found her ` bleeding all over ' when they arrived .     the policewoman has been praised on chinese social media for her incredible bravery .
the pet rock creator has died from chronic obstructive pulmonary disease .     he made millions from absurd idea to sell a stone in a box as a ` pet rock '     the product came with tongue-in-cheek instructions for ` care and feeding '     he went on to author the self help book ` advertising for dummies '
guests attending battle of waterloo anniversary service told not to gloat .     invitations to the event said it must not be seen as ` triumphalist '     the move was criticised by politicians as ` absurd ' political correctness .
ugaaso abukar boocow has amassed more than 68,000 followers .     her photos reveal a side of somalia that most people have never seen .     she moved to canada with her grandmother to escape the civil war .     the 27-year-old moved back to mogadishu last year to be with her mum .
kefalonia is stunning and does n't play the captain corelli 's mandolin card .     island has n't been tainted by the crowds its greek counterparts get .     it 's a quarter of the size of spain 's majorca but with a 20th of the tourists .     the one must-do outing in kefalonia is to fiskardo , a lovely harbour .
raheem sterling has rejected a new contract worth # 100,000-a-week .     liverpool boss brendan rodgers says sterling wo n't be sold this summer .     his achievements at 20 are not on the same level as some anfield greats .     steven gerrard won three trophies in the first year out of his teens .     michael owen had scored more than 50 career goals for liverpool .     sterling has a long way to go if he is to fulfil his huge potential .
ray hinton was convicted of two brutal 1985 killings based on a gun that was found at his house .     the us supreme court granted him a new trial because the gun was never definitively matched to the bullets found at the crime scenes .     this week , prosecutors announced that they could not find evidence that the gun hinton had matched the bullets at the scene .     ' i should n't have sat on death row for 30 years . all they had to do was test the gun , ' he said friday .     family of one of the murdered men issued reminder that hinton has not been found ` innocent '
stephen taylor vanished in solent after leaving lee-on-solent yesterday .     he was in touch with partner during day but he later failed to return home .     she then called police and major air-sea search mission was launched .     ` sighting ' last night and a body - awaiting formal id - was found today .
check it was formed by group of ` bullied ninth graders ' in the washington dc neighborhood of trinidad in 2005 .     it is the only recorded gang of gay and transgender youths in america , with more than 200 members at present .     new documentary , also called check it , tells how members are now trying to break cycle of poverty and violence .     they are working on their own clothing label , putting on fashion shows and even doing stints as runway models .     one of the film 's co-directors said : ` being gay and black ... it 's like a nightmare waiting to happen '
kevin coulton , 16 , from manchester stuck his mouth in the rim of a glass .     the schoolboy wanted to achieve a fuller pout like celebrity kylie jenner .     but , like scores before him , he was left with painful bruising around lips .     now he is warning peers not to take part in craze sweeping social media .
video shows the planes approaching the runway at the same speed .     the two aircraft maintain this as their wheels touch the tarmac .     aviation expert calls the manoeuvre ` closely spaced parallel runway operations '
bournemouth are now second in the championship following their draw .     kieran lee fires wednesday into the lead with a 36th minute header .     yann kermorgant equalised with 21 minutes remaining .     matt ritchie looked to have sealed the win for the cherries late on .     but chris maguire had the final say with his last-ditch penalty strike .
sienna miller , 33 , is ` not a gym person ' but loves yoga .     mother-of-one works with a personal trainer , power-walking and jogging .     try hip rolls , a pilates move that targets the ` oblique ' abdominal muscles .
wayne rooney has returned to his preferred striking position .     he had been deployed in midfield earlier this season .     manager louis van gaal has restored his captain to leading the line .     rooney 's return up front has coincided with united 's stunning form .     united are slight favourites for sunday 's derby with manchester city .
rogue one will be a prequel to the original trilogy .     sneak preview was revealed just days after star wars vii trailer .     first ` anthology film ' will be about rebels on a rogue mission to steal plans to the death star .     felicity jones will star as a rebel soldier .
jake drage released after nine months in an indonesian prison .     drage was jailed following a crash that killed a woman riding a motorbike .     23-year-old west australian man sang children 's songs as he was released .     says one of the first things he 'll do is go surfing after getting back home .
jessica bialek found ` safe and well ' after vanishing 36 hours earlier .     ms bialek was last seen leaving her home at 8.30 am on wednesday .     she was walking to the bank in coogee , south-eastern sydney .     police are concerned for her welfare and have launched an investigation .     ms bialek 's husband has pleaded for help in finding his wife .     on thursday her father made a plea for her to contact family .     the mother-of-one is an accomplished arts photographer .
police in london are trying to catch the gang which staged a multi-million heist during the easter vacation .     former police commander : such crimes require meticulous planning and use of information by criminals .     the masterminds behind such complicated crimes carefully assemble their gangs with men they can trust .
christian englander , 30 , threw a banana peel at chappelle , 41 , during show at lensic theater in santa fe on monday .     on thursday , he threw another peel at a man upset by first attack .     claims it was a ` joke ' because ` the irony was too much to pass up '     insists the attack on chappelle was not racially motivated .     he had eaten the fruit before the show , washed it down with a shot of 99 bananas liquor , left the peel in his pocket .
the giant mansion used to film the hit show empire is on the market for $ 13 million following a price drop .     the 20,000 square feet french country-style estate took five years to build .     the five bedroom , nine bathroom house features waterfront views , custom woodwork and lots of space for entertaining .     fit for a mogul , the house is owned by strip club owner sam cecola .
alastair cook and jonathan trott put on an opening partnership of 125 .     cook scored an encouraging 76 before playing a wide ball onto his stumps .     the england captain made the bowlers come to him and looked solid .     trott was first out for 59 but appeared increasingly comfortable .
generations of everest climbers have left tons of trash .     the indian army plans to remove at least 4,000 kilograms from the peak .
14-month-old princess leonore was taken to meet the pope at the vatican .     looked out of sorts and played with her mother madeleine 's pearls .     madeleine 's british husband christopher o'neill , 40 , was also there .
newcastle goalkeeper tim krul was seen laughing at half time .     jermain defoe had scored a stunning goal past him moments earlier .     sportsmail 's jamie carragher criticised krul for being too friendly .     but the keeper was simply showing respect to an opponent .
warning : graphic content .     series of photos appear to show the beheading of a man in hama in syria .     man is handcuffed and blindfolded as he is led from a van to area of land .     he is surrounded by men with guns and executioner with a meat cleaver .     it is claimed the man was beheaded because he is an alleged ` blasphemer '
josh meekings handball should have been a penalty and a red card .     if the penalty was awarded and converted celtic would have gone to 2-0 .     caley manager john hughes admitted his side were fortunate in win .     virgil van dijk scored celtic 's opener with a superb free-kick .     celtic keeper craig gordon was sent off early in the second half .     greg tansey , edward ofere and finally daven raven scored for caley .
scientists hope immunisation against virus is possible with one injection .     vaccine based on animal virus and the protein covering of ebola virus .     ebola antigen in vaccine acts as ` trojan horse ' to create immune response .     ebola has killed more than 10,000 people in a year across six countries .
the singer was performing at the verizon theatre in dallas on saturday .     told the stunned audience that ` bobbi is awake . she 's watching me '     did n't elaborate on if his daughter had regained consciousness or if he was talking instead about her spirit .     after , his sister tina wrote on facebook , ' -lsb- bobbi -rsb- woke up and is no longer on life support !!!!! :-rrb- : -rrb- god is good ! ... '     whitney houston 's family denies anything has changed , according to a source .     bobbi kristina has been in a medically induced coma since january .     bobby is reportedly at odds with the family of his deceased ex-wife whitney houston over how long to keep his daughter on life support .
for a limited time starbucks will be introducing the s'more frappuccino which is scheduled to hit stored on tuesday , april 28 .     the drink will be made with a combination of marshmallow whipped cream , milk chocolate sauce , graham crackers , coffee , milk and ice .     starbucks says that the drink is inspired by the ` the nostalgic summer experience of roasting s'mores '
corey edwards , five , was born with a complex congenital heart defect .     his final wish - to see his parents get married - was granted last weekend .     the boy held the rings and wore a suit as his parents wed at his bedside .     corey died last night , days after the ceremony at bristol children 's hospital .
notebook written by alan turing during world war ii sold for # 700,000 .     it was written at the bletchley park code-breaking headquarters in 1942 .     only extensive turing manuscript thought to exist , auctioneer said .
exclusive : danczuk says those who try to join isis ` enemies ' of britain .     nine members of the same rochdale family were arrested in turkey .     they are expected return to the uk from turkey later this week .     mr danczuk said it was ` unacceptable ' for them to be free to live in the uk .
luke shambrook was last seen leaving candlebark campground on friday .     the 11-year old was camping in the victorian national park with his family .     he has been missing for two nights and temperatures dipped to as low as eight degrees celsius on saturday night .     there has been an unconfirmed sighting of luke with police acting quickly .     the 11-year-old was reportedly seen walking 4 kms from his campsite .     luke has limited speech and his family says he is probably confused .     a large search is being carried by a medley of search and rescue teams .     police also said conditions are favourable for his survival overnight .     they have issued an extensive description of luke and his clothing .
roman abramovich has never spoken in public since buying chelsea .     but marina granovskaia , chelsea director , is set to speak next month .     she is among speakers at a conference to be held at stamford bridge .     greg dyke finally handed back the # 16,400 watch given to him by fifa .     graeme swann has asked twitter followers to help find his jaguar car .     channel 4 have been let off by sponsors 32red after an ad-break gaffe .     c4 special , my big fat gypsy grand national , included an aintree hen party .     sepp blatter 's rivals ' fifa bids look doomed after africa pledge .
analyst claims snowden under orders not to speak out against russia .     he accused whistleblower of not being ` transparent ' and being ` secretive '     snowden fled to russia via hong kong after leaking classified documents .
labour leader has vowed to ` never ' walk away from the european union .     ed miliband pledges to ` restore our commitment ' to eu and other groups .     accusing david cameron of ` taking britain to the edge of european exit '
interior designer abigail ahern has written new style bible about colour .     says her own colourful home gives her a ` squishy feeling of contentment '     being bold with colour is easier than you think , according to expert .
buyers expert on ` the block ' gives his tips on kitchen design .     frank valentic takes into account what buyers look for in a kitchen .     bench and storage space , splashbacks and lighting are key factors .     along with ventilation and flow on and activity-based designs .
holidaymakers had arrived to a deserted terminal at manchester airport .     they walked past empty security cubicles without showing documents .     manchester airport investigating why border force officers were n't on duty .     were you one of the passengers on the ryanair flight ? call us on 0203 615 3423 or email hannah.parry@mailonline.co.uk .     were you one of the passengers on the ryanair flight ? call us on 0203 615 3423 or email hannah.parry@mailonline.co.uk .
university of connecticut study reveals how we can measure distances .     they said that listening to echoes tells us how far something it .     when a sound is close the differences in max and min volume are obvious .     but when it is distant , our neurons fire less , and we know it is further away .
the three-letter airport codes are known as iata location identifiers .     some follow a pattern like syd for sydney and mel for melbourne .     others do n't seem to make any sense , like ord for chicago .     airline codes explains how each airport got its identifying code .
obama 's point man in isis fight does n't rule out u.s. military action beyond iraq and syria .     brett mcgurk : iraqi leader making progress with sunni tribes in planned anbar offensive .
claudetteia love was planned to go to prom dateless with a group of friends .     carroll high school principal patrick taylor said the decision was part of the monroe , louisiana school 's dress code .     monroe city school board president says taylor is being discriminatory .     love is a top student and has a full scholarship to jackson state university .
justin robertson convicted of murdering pennie davis in september 2014 and sentenced to life in prison with 32 years minimum .     victim was found dead by her husband in a paddock in the new forest .     robertson was paid # 1,500 to kill her by benjamin carr , her ex-lover 's son .     carr wanted to stop her telling the police about sexual assault claims .
david cameron enjoyed visit to bristol with chancellor george osborne .     visited bristol and bath science park and earlier went to poole in dorset .
fashionable premium ale market grew more than 10 per cent to # 490million .     aldi increases share by more than a third and wine sales up 24 per cent .     discounter is now britain 's sixth largest supermarket overtaking waitrose .     giants tesco and asda losing overall share of the supermarket sector .
gwyneth , 42 , and chris , 38 , consciously uncoupled in march 2014 .     they married in december 2003 and have two children together .     have used their business managers to work out a settlement agreement .
recycled rubber merfin designed by australian freediver kazzie mahina .     mahina , 37 , spent years designing the first prototype of the monofin .     the fin has an easy-release ankle strap and comes in adult and kid sizes .     uk stockist says the product has been ` very popular ' in recent months .
patrick revins was caught selling heroin to an undercover police officer .     bungling drug dealer was identified by ` p ' and ` r ' tattoos on his forehead .     revins , 49 , had hidden small amounts of class a drug inside a kinder egg .     he admitted one count of supplying heroin and was jailed for a year .
john lewis has slashed the prices on almost 200 christmas products .     with just days until easter its part of a bid to sell leftover festive goods .     it comes after spending millions on touching christmas ad campaign .
sheriff thomas hodgson who had aaron hernandez in custody for 18 months is opening up about the football star .     he claims hernandez is a master manipulator who would charm prison guards and be polite to get what he wants .     hodgson added that he thinks hernandez will be fine behind bars given his demeanor and attitude .     hernandez was convicted april 15 of the 2013 killing of odin lloyd and received a life sentence .
` her bill was $ 20 and some change , and they paid with $ 21 and left , ' said the manager of the maumee , ohio , restaurant .     to be fair , ` clinton did n't pay ' for the meal - ` the other lady paid the bill , ' he said , referring to abedin , the vice chairwoman of clinton 's campaign .     this branch of the chain does have a tip jar says its manager - although many other chipotles do not .     clinton and abedin dropped by restaurant incognito for lunch during their road trip from new york to iowa for the first round of campaign events .
snl castmember skewers hillary clinton , obama and republican hopefuls .     twenty-minute speech poked fun at buzzfeed , brian williams scandal .     jokes touched on police brutality and secret service security lapses .
rangers held to 1-1 draw by bottom side in the championship .     stuart mccall 's side go second in the league above hibernian .     myles hippolyte gave livingston the lead just after half-time .     marius zaliukas equalised for rangers two minutes later .
heather mack ,19 , tells bali court she did not kill sheila von wiese-mack .     on trial for mother 's murder with 21-year-old boyfriend tommy schaefer .     mack gave birth to baby stella schaefer last month in prison hospital .     couple facing a nervous five day wait for judge 's to return their verdict .
the 26-year-old victoria 's secret angel is max factor 's latest face .     campaign celebrates max factor 's former allegiance with marilyn monroe .     the make-up brand is credited with transforming her look in the 30s .
colleen crowley , the party-loving girlfriend of footballer johnny manziel , has come under fire on social media for refusing to give up going out .     the cleveland browns quarterback entered rehab in january and only left on saturday .     on tuesday , crowley posted a video on her instagram page of the texan socialite enjoying a drunken night out with friends .     ` significant others are the # 1 reason that people fail outside rehab , ' warned one commenter offering some words of wisdom .
football association and premier league fall out over clash .     bbc and sky viewing figures both suffered with games on at same time .     luke shaw might have been helped by louis van gaal 's fast-food rules .     joe root 's celebrations come in for criticism , while alastair cook is still worrying about kevin pietersen 's media coverage .
andre schurrle scored his first goal for wolfsburg on saturday .     the former chelsea forward admitted it was ` eating away ' at him .     schurrle joined german club wolfsburg from chelsea in february .
sadie the german shepherd was filmed at home in alberta , canada , switching on an electric keyboard with her nose and sitting down to play .     instead of classical music , the pooch appears to recite a minimalist piece with clashing notes and no time signature .     after a 20-second rendition , she decides she 's had enough for one day and turns around to take a bow .
olympic champion charlotte dujardin remains world 's leading dressage rider after vegas contest .     swiss olympic showjumping champion steve guerdat finally wins world cup jumping title at 10th attempt .
researchers at joint base lewis-mcchord concluded military suicides may be more likely after members leave service than during deployment .     the four-year study looked at military records of 3.9 million service members from october 7 , 2001 to december 31 , 2007 .     total of 31,962 deaths occurred , including 5,041 suicides , by december 31 , 2009 .     there were 1,162 suicides among those who deployed and 3,879 among those who did n't .     soldiers with a dishonorable discharge were twice as likely to commit suicide as those who had honorable discharge .
rita , 24 , models in colourful new rimmel beauty campaign .     star has also designed her own make-up collection for brand .     partied in paris last night with boyfriend ricky hilfiger .
parents phillip and gaby beckle-raymond discovered a leak in roof .     hired builder to fix problem at their three bed london home .     he took roof off and then disappeared with # 10k of their money .     sub contractor botched efforts to give them loft conversion .     he charged # 7,000 for parts and labour but left them with unsafe building .     family had to live in one room for six months as home had no roof .     rain water got in causing ceilings to collapse .     britain 's horror homes is on channel 5 tuesdays at 8pm .
arshdeep and shinder kaur were sexually assaulted on a bus in punjab .     a group surrounded them , and bus staff joined when they complained .     when mrs kaur , 38 , alerted the driver , he answered by driving faster .     arshdeep , 14 , died and mrs kaur seriously injured after being pushed off .
cows are treated as sacred in nepal , where the majority are hindus .     killing a cow used to be punishable by death , but now carries a 12-year jail term .     nepalese government officials have informed the country 's pm .     an internal inquiry is underway and the matter will be raised with pakistan .
chancellor pledged to double the number of people buying their first home .     since 2010 there have been 1.2 million first-time buyers getting first homes .     mr osborne wants at least 2.4 million more over the next five years .
world cup winner jason robinson came close to committing suicide .     robinson spiralled out of control after drinking six nights a week .     the former rugby ace was arrested for affray , assault and criminal damage .     samoa star va'aiga tuigamala talked robinson out of suicide .
several arabic pages reportedly found on the social media site .     pages claim to offer ` comfortable ' and ` reliable ' passage for around $ 1,000 .     comes after the deaths of some 1,700 refugees in the last week alone .     facebook removed the pages after being alerted to there existance .
majority of british public does n't want to camilla to be queen , poll reveals .     nation is completely split on whether prince charles should become king .     princes william and harry are the most popular members of royal family .     prince andrew languishes at the bottom of the popularity table .
goa is india 's smallest state but one of its most popular travel destinations .     it offers bargain beach breaks -lrb- and luxury too -rrb- in the west of the country .     weak rouble means there are currently fewer russian visitors than usual .
gangs of south americans target shoppers in west end , police have said .     many thieves arrive on six-month visa before heading on a ` european tour '     police arrested two chilean women in burkas who had a bag containing $ 130,000 , # 20,000 and jewellery .
johnny kemp is `` believed to have drowned at a beach in montego bay , '' police say .     he is best known for the 1988 hit `` just got paid ''
joseph o'riordan , 73 , stabbed wife eight times after discovering her affair .     she was left with life-threatening injuries to her torso , chest , arms and back .     yesterday brighton crown court heard about deal he was ready to offer her .     he had told friend about the idea while in the pub just days before stabbing .
new study reveals that aussie parents spend 140 hours making breakfast .     study of 2.3 million found that 7.35 is the busiest in most households .     sophie falkiner , mother of two , says mornings in her house are ` crazy '
real madrid and atletico madrid meet for the fifth and sixth time in europe .     that brings them level with inter and ac milan in number of city duels .     there will have been eight madrid derbies by the end of this season .     no city showdown has been played more time in recent years .     see where cristiano ronaldo and gareth bale unwind after madrid training .
young adult novels regularly feature teen heroines saving the world .     books like the hunger games and divergent show unrealistic portrayals .     adolescents have used hashtag to voice frustrations about real teenage life .
photos are were taken at one of australia 's popular beaches jervis bay , which is in the south coast of nsw .     the fluorescent glow is caused by millions of plankton omitting light , says photographer andy hutchinson .     a similar display was shown in sydney 's manly beach back in august 2014 .     iain suthers , of university of new south wales , says the algae blossoms in the spring and the autumn .
ufc woman 's bantamweight champion visited manny pacquiao 's camp .     rousey is backing pacquiao in his megafight against floyd mayweather .     pacman thanked rousey for her support in a twitter picture together .     read : mayweather vs pacquiao referee to earn $ 10,000 -lrb- # 6,800 -rrb- on may 2 .     watch : pacquiao releases music video ahead of mayweather bout .
vidarbha , the eastern region of the state of maharashtra , is known as the epicenter of the suicide crisis .     farmers are becoming burdened with debt due to falling prices but rising costs .
justin rose posted photo on twitter of his high-tech indoor simulator .     the technology is worth # 30,000 and offers player high-definition golf .     rose impressed during masters 2015 and finished in joint second .
woman called emergency services as she tried to drive to louisville hospital .     interstate 65 north was closed so obama could drive into town from airport .     a nurse also stuck in traffic helped her through the delivery .
president obama abruptly left the white house after reporters were sent home for the day sunday evening .     press pool reporters were perplexed as they questioned whether something serious had happened .     the president , michelle and their girls hiked through great falls park in virginia for around 50 minutes until a light rain sent them packing .
ronald reagan asked mikhail gorbachev for help with aliens at summit .     the former us president and actor was said to be a science fiction fan .     he arranged private screenings of close encounters of the third kind and asked gorbachev for help dealing with any future alien invasion .     reagan 's advisers edited out mentions of aliens in subsequent speeches .
trial for aurora theater shooting suspect begins monday .     survivors say the shooting changed their lives , but does n't define it .
an amnesty international report calls for attacks on women 's rights activists in afghanistan to be investigated .     the report examines the persecution of activists not only by the taliban and tribal warlords , but also by government officials .     some activists continue their work despite their lives being at risk .
meet the australian families who have pet kangaroos in their homes .     samantha wills rescued the joey from the side of a road nine months ago .     she welcomed ` crash ' into her family and he goes to events with them .     another owner , suzie nellist also found a roo when his mother died .     she said they are like ` naughty toddlers ' but they make ` great pets '
protesters mounted admiralty arch , which joins trafalgar square with mall .     the gatehouse , built as a memorial to queen victoria , was sold in 2012 .     it is now set to be turned into a luxury hotel after by spanish developer .     anti fascist group ` autonomous nation of anarchist libertarians '
paige vanzant takes on felice herrig in new jersey on saturday .     the 21-year-old has only had five fights but is the latest ufc star .     she is one of a select few to have an individual contract with reebok .     vanzant could realistically become the youngest-ever ufc champion .
michelle maclaren is no longer set to direct the first `` wonder woman '' theatrical movie .     maclaren left the project over `` creative differences ''     movie is currently set for 2017 .
researchers sequenced microbiomes of yanomami people in amazon .     testing found they harbour microbiomes with the highest diversity of bacteria and genetic functions ever reported in a human group .     bacteria they found could be potentially beneficial to modern society .
sally white , 28 , rescued the terrified animal from a bleak hillside .     ` miller ' was malnourished , had severe anaemia and struggled to stand up .     she trained the six-year-old horse in the arts of dressage and she now competes with him in the british championships .     says : ` miller and i are a team - i needed him with me on my big day .
top gear 's website previously featured all three presenters at top of page .     it now shows a single image of racing driver the stig in his white helmet .     bbc say change is to ` reflect that all three presenters are out of contract '     but it 's yet to confirm whether richard hammond or james may will return .     jeremy clarkson was sensationally sacked from the show over a week ago .
rita , 24 , has designed range for adidas originals .     designs are inspired by asian culture , she tells femail .     star says she 's excited to see what the future holds for her .
episodes for the next four weeks released saturday night on pirate sites .     illegal material thought to have leaked through press review copies .     show is the most pirated in the world , with brazil the worst offender .
nick woodman 's dynamic cameras became instant success in 2006 .     before they took off , he acted as the model for the self-made adverts .     now , nine years later , he is a billionaire and top of bloomberg pay index .
president barack obama is calling for an end to psychiatric therapy treatments aimed at turning gays into heterosexuals .     the move comes in response to an online petition posted on the white house website following the death of 17-year-old leelah alcorn .     the american psychiatric association has long opposed conversion therapy and says being gay is not a mental disorder .
toulon beat wasps in their european rugby champions cup quarter-final .     toulon and wasps scored two tries each at the felix mayol stadium .     no 10 frederic michalak kicked six penalties and two conversions .     william helu scored two tries for the visitors in a gallant effort .     they face leinster for a place in the european champions cup final .     saracens earlier defeated racing metro 92 by 12-11 in a thriller .
janek zylinski , the aristocratic son of polish war hero , slams mr farage .     claimed he 'd ` had enough ' of ukip leader 's constant attacks on migrants .     he said they should ` meet with our swords and resolve this matter '     mr farage was forced to defend his migrant stance on a factory tour today .     insisted he would not expel eu migrants after meeting a hungarian worker .
nathaly hernandez has lived at the home of the innocents nursing facility in kentucky since she was three months old .     she was born with a rare condition that impacts her joints and movement .     her caregivers said she became obsessed with miley cyrus ' wrecking ball after her teenage roommate played the track .     they filmed her lip-syncing the track last friday with the video triggering a torrent of positive response .
wembley loss means steven gerrard 's liverpool career ends in anti-climax .     he was poor throughout , unable to raise performances of his team-mates .     gerrard will now say his farewells with a series of cameo appearances .     but , three years without a trophy means brendan rodgers is one to blame .
jessa , 22 , and ben 19 , announced the baby is due on november 1 , their wedding anniversary .     the newlyweds said they are talking about baby names now but did not give any hints about the gender .     this is a first child for the couple who star on tlc 's 19 kids & counting .     this will be the duggar family 's sixth grandchild ; jill welcomed her first son earlier this month and son josh is expecting his fourth child .     the couple live in a small house in arkansas owned by jessa 's parents .
ukip leader blames former scottish first minister for fuelling resentment .     claims successor nicola sturgeon has done nothing to stop it .     farage dismissed labour claim that ukip is infected with ` virus of racism '
michael vaughan was understood to be talking to the ecb on thursday .     vaughan has emerged as favourite for new role of director of cricket .     paul downton was sacked as england 's managing director on wednesday .     vaughan will want unprecedented responsibility if he is to take up role .     alec stewart and andrew strauss also being considered for the role .
research was conducted at the university of southern california .     scientists there have identified a gene , named nox3 , found in the inner ear .     say this is crucial in determining a person 's vulnerability to hearing loss .     noise-induced hearing loss is most common work-related illness in the us .
the paleo way co-authors have spoken out in defence of pete evans .     charlotte carr and helen padarin have made changes to the recipes .     they have added vitiman c to their ` happy tummy brew '     the formula was slammed for containing liver and bone broth .     evans ' infant cookbook bubba yum yum : the paleo way was set for release on friday march 13 but was delayed due to health concerns .
chris copeland and his wife , katrine saltare , 28 , were talking in the street when a stranger tried to intervene .     the man , shezoy bleary , ` pulled out a knife and stabbed copeland in the abdomen and his wife in the breast , buttocks and arm '     on a video showing the victims being treated in the street , copeland 's wife is heard shouting : ` we were stabbed . we are scared for our lives ! '     two atlanta hawks players , pero antić and thabo sefolosha , were also arrested ` for obstructing police when they arrived '     all three victims are in stable condition in hospital .     copeland is in town to play his former team , the knicks , tonight .
mandy dunford forced out of home after neighbour exposed himself to her .     kenneth ward was naked apart from socks and boots as he followed her .     military historian performed sex acts in front of her at north yorkshire farm .     67-year-old jailed in 2011 but now released and able to return to his house .     ms dunford , 54 , said her ` only option was to pack up and leave ' her home .
the 40-year-old 's son cooper blue and daughter kingsley rainbow were born on monday .     dylan and her husband paul arrouet married in 2011 .
phil taylor suffered his fourth loss of the season with thursday 's defeat .     peter wright lost 7-4 to adrian lewis , while kim huybrechts drew 6-6 with stephen bunting on ` judgement night ' in manchester .     results meant wright suffered elimination due to leg difference .     league leader michael van gerwen romped to a 7-4 win over james wade .     raymond van barneveld drew 6-6 with gary anderson in the other clash .
sally kohn : april 14 is equal pay day , and hillary clinton should make an announcement about wage gap .     clinton should say that if elected , she will take a 23 % pay cut to stand in solidarity with working women .
macau in china offers a whirlwind of activities and attractions .     from the 764ft bungee jump to the 26 casinos , thrillseekers will be satisfied .     nearby the sleepy island of coloane is waiting to be discovered .
sean dyche has been tipped to replace steve mcclaren at derby .     burnley boss insists he is enjoying the ` challenge ' at turf moor .     dyche ca n't understand why arsene wenger gets stick from arsenal fans .
right-wing groups want court to let them sue the irs in a class-action lawsuit for violating their constitutional right to equal treatment .     irs applied different criteria to right-wing groups , holding up their applications for years while liberal organizations skated through .     obama administration fought the release of a list of 298 groups it denied tax-exempt status beginning in 2010 , citing privacy concerns .     judge in cincinnati overruled the government and ordered the irs to hand over the list .     if court ` certifies ' class-action status , the tea party groups will be free to demand emails , phone records and other documents .
amazing pictures show a millipede stretching as it tries to escape a tiny , hungry weaver ant much smaller than itself .     the weaver ant shows incredible strength as it throws around its large prey and cleverly balances the centipede .     student frenki jung , 17 , from sambas , borneo captured dramatic images , he shot the close-ups in his front garden .
a quote attributed to maya angelou on her commemorative stamp released by the us postal service is actually that of another writer .     ' a bird does n't sing because it has an answer , it sings because it has a song , ' reads the stamp , a quote that has long been attributed to angelou .     joan walsh anglund wrote the words in her 1967 book a cup of sun .     angelou , the acclaimed author of such classics as i know why the cage bird sings , was issued the forever stamp for her contributions to the arts .     the stamp was unveiled tuesday at an event featuring first lady michelle obama , oprah winfrey and postmaster general megan j. brennan .
anjelica ` aj ' hadsell , 18 , has been missing since march 2 , when she was home in norfolk while on spring break from longwood university .     remains were found in franklin , 40 miles from norfolk , on thursday and they are being taken to the medical examiner 's office for identification .     her stepdad wesley hadsell was arrested after breaking into a home two weeks after her disappearance and claims he was looking for aj .     he has insisted that he does n't know where she is .
synaesthesia is a condition in which separate senses are linked .     scientists determined which colours are usually connected with letters .     they then compared these colour-letter matches to fisher-price magnets .     they claim 6 % of people learnt their matches from the fisher-price toy .
angel rangel could make first swansea city start in over two months .     jefferson montero may be fit enough to make bench for garry monk 's side .     romelu lukaku 's fitness at 50-50 with belgian carrying hamstring problem .     aiden mcgeady is also a major doubt for everton with a back injury .
principal andrew barr was caught viewing porn at work .     a student took a photo of him watching pornography in his office .     an investigation was launched after the photo was shared on snapchat .     the geelong college principal has now resigned .     the college council called his actions ' a breach of our standards '
it has cost the taxpayer # 135,000 to move 55 protected water voles .     they have been removed from somerset levels for dredging to take place .     in 2014 over 600 homes and 17,000 acres of farmland were flooded with water after rivers burst their banks following years of insufficient dredging .     critics say moving the voles is an unnecessary waste of public money .
bayern munich beat porto 6-1 in the champions league quarter-final .     the germans advanced 7-4 on aggregate after a 3-1 defeat in the first leg .     pep guardiola said he felt in the lead up to match that bayern would win .     the former barcelona boss says winning is a matter of life and death .
u.s. hostage warren weinstein is believed to have been accidentally killed in counter-terrorism strike .     peter bergen : u.s. should rethink hostage policy to increase chances of freeing those held .
tina sinatra , 66 , laughed when he asked if mia farrow 's son ronan , 27 , was her brother .     she said : ` could n't be . frank had a vasectomy before that . i do n't know whose son ronan is '     in 2013 , mia farrow admitted that frank sinatra may be the father of her son , instead of woody allen .
hbo released a teaser video for the new season , starting june 21 .     the series stars colin farrell and vince vaughn .
englishman danny willett blasts timing referee for getting in line-of-sight .     vented anger at official as he bogeyed the 17th at 2015 masters .     willett carded a one-under 71 on opening round in first time at augusta .
bundles of notes spilled onto interstate 20 in albilene , texas , on friday .     passenger door of vehicle flung open - releasing the money onto the road .     motorists pulled over and abandoned their vehicles to pick up the cash .     police have warned anyone caught with the money will be arrested .
rachel lehnardt , 35 , ` allowed her 16-year-old daughter and her friends drink alcohol and smoke marijuana in her georgia home '     they ` all played naked twister and lehnardt had sex with an 18-year-old man in the bathroom before playing with sex toys in front of the teens '     she said she went to bed alone but awoke to her daughter 's 16-year-old boyfriend having sex with her ; there are no charges against him .     after the incident , she lost custody of her children and told her aa sponsor , who contacted authorities .
photographs taken by satellite show sandstorm hitting arabian peninsula .     massive dust cloud was believed to be almost as large as the u.s.     it billowed across saudi arabia , the uae , oman and as far east as india .
the actress briefed the council as special envoy for the u.n. on refugee issues in new york on friday .     jolie lambasted the security council for their inaction over the crisis , saying : ` we are standing by in syria '     syria 's ambassador said simply of her presence : ` she 's beautiful '     nearly four million syrians have fled the conflict into neighboring countries , which warn they are dangerously overstretched .     angelina jolie went on to speak at the women in the world summit held in manhattan on friday afternoon .
prairie dog deaths at picture canyon led to positive tests on fleas .     residents warned about dangers to pets , especially cats .     disease can wipe out 90 per cent of prairie dogs in a colony .
yaya toure arrived at manchester city in 2010 from barcelona .     he has led city to two premier league titles , an fa cup and a league cup .     if he departs city in the summer , the club will find it hard to replace him .
u.s. president obama , cuban president raul castro meet in panama city .     the two nations -- only 90 miles apart -- have been at odds for more than 50 years .
shona banda , 37 , had written book about using cannabis oil to treat crohn 's .     garden city , kansas , woman surprised by police at her home after school told child protective services about her son disagreeing with anti-drug class .     boy staying with his father after plant and liquid marijuana found in home .     no drug charges have been filed against the mother yet .
michael carrick impressed during england 's draw with italy last week .     but the midfielder has been ordinary in his nine competitive starts .     england won four of those - ecuador , san marino , poland and lithuania .     england bosses consistently preferred steven gerrard or frank lampard .
harry panayiotou selected from 24 teams in division one and two .     20-year-old scored in leicester city wins against sunderland and chelsea .     also netted a hat-trick in his third game for st kitts and nevis .     under 21 premier league player of the month award based on statistics .     sportsmail held an exclusive interview with young striker .
patrons at the masters can get themselves a decent meal for a reasonable price .     lee westwood nearly got off to the perfect start with a stunning shot at the par-five second .     padraig harrington has enjoyed a resurgence of form in recent months and the secret of his success could be down to his unusual practice technique .
47-year-old arrested on suspicion of perverting the course of justice .     released from bail conditions almost a year after his arrest last july .     police say he provided details which have progressed investigation .     miss lawrence was reported missing by her father in york in 2009 .
nepal is a popular place for israeli couples to have surrogate children .     an estimated 10 to 15 surrogate mothers are due to give birth soon in kathmandu .
yarmouk is a refugee camp near damascus in war-ravaged syria .     pierre krähenbühl of the united nations : individual lives underscore need for humanitarian action .
leicester have won back-to-back league games to boost survival hopes .     nigel pearson has urged his players to focus on their own run-in .     leicester now just three points from safety heading into final six games .
footage shows the skater confidently sailing down a concrete slope in santa monica , los angeles , before he loses balance and falls headfirst .     as his friends go to investigate , blood is seen pouring from his face .
australian comedy trio sketchshe went viral with their car videos .     the models mime along to music in their car .     the videos have amassed 260 million views across social media .     shae-lee shackleford , lana kington , madison lloyd performed on ellen .     also made appearance on good morning america .
microsoft corporate vp of worldwide operations , mary ellen smith , who has a teenage son shawn with autism , made the announcement .     program will be run in partnership with specialisterne , a danish nonprofit that helps train people with autism for careers in it .     full-time positions based at its redmond campus , washington .
dwayne harvard , 46 , charged with simple assault , aggravated assault , reckless endangerment , and dui .     he claims steven sutton , 36 , tried to attack him at his home in springdale .     argument over sutton 's girlfriend , anna mazzetti , who was with harvard .     harvard took off and sutton clung to the hood of his car for 11 miles .     harvard claims he feared for his life and should not have been charged .
ashley is now starring in lane bryant 's i 'm no angel campaign .     she also has her own line of plus-size lingerie .     the 27-year-old admitted that her first ever professional job was as an underwear model .
gitte denteneer was stunned after getting the bill from rubens in leuven .     the belgian cafe had charged her 50 cents for use of their electricity .     ms denteneer later took to twitter to express her outrage at the charge .     others on twitter shared her anger and called the rubens boss ` mean '
conservationist group saved fishing ship 's crew as boat sank on monday .     group 's bob barker was chasing the ship collecting ` evidence of poaching '     40 crew were rescused as fishing ship thunder sank off the coast of africa .     bob barker captain said thunder skipper cheered as his boat went down .     peter hammarstedt said scuttling would destroy evidence of poaching .
lisa mcelroy , 50 , who teaches legal writing at drexel university , accidentally sent the explicit message on march 31 .     mcelroy said she was ` in terrible shape ' when she first realized what she had done and saw her name make headlines .     yet the professor said she found the matter ` pretty trivial ' and questioned the dignity of those who forwarded the ` unintended post '     mcelroy , who has tenure , was investigated by the university and has been cleared to continue teaching .
bournemouth are now one point clear of norwich at the top of the table .     birmingham took the lead through clayton donaldson and david cotterill .     steve cook and callum wilson drew bournemouth level before yann kermorgant and charlie daniels sealed the three points .
study found many children do n't know the difference between 999 and 911 .     nearly half of parents thought children were n't mature enough to know .     mumsnet survey raises fear children are n't learning vital emergency steps .
military has not confirmed if any rescued girls came from 2014 chibok mass abduction .     nigerian troops raided boko haram camps in northeastern nigeria , military says .
anti-immigrant protests have been ongoing in south africa for two weeks and at least six people have been killed .     carol lloyd was injured after rocks were thrown at and smashed her car window as she drove near to jeppestown .     foreign nationals have been loading trucks with their wares as they flee johannesburg and neighbouring towns .     protesters are angry about foreigners in the country when unemployment is high and wealth is n't distributed equally .
robert durst was indicted wednesday on the two weapons charges that have kept him in new orleans .     gand jury charged durst with possession of a firearm by a felon , and possession of both a firearm and an illegal drug : 5 ounces of marijuana .     arrest related to those charges has kept durst from being extradited to los angeles , where he 's charged in 2000 death of friend susan berman .
charles piutau has played 14 internationals for new zealand .     piutau can play as full back , wing or centre and will join ulster in 2016 .     ulster team manager bryn cunningham is excited to secure piutau .
goldsmiths university students organised meeting to ` diversify curriculum '     the student union 's diversity officer said white men were not welcome .     after anger over the move , organisers backed down and overturned ban .
social media users flooded the internet with selfies on anzac day .     several images had inappropriate and disrespectful captions .     trend of misspelt hashtags , included #lessweforget #leastweforget .     people pulled faces , stuck their tongues out and posed under #anzacday .     the photographs were taken from instagram and shared on a tumblr page .
for the first time ever , ferguson 's city council will be half black .     the two winning black candidates vowed to bring reform .     the election was a critical test in this beleaguered city .
maksims uvarenko revealed he has not been paid for three months .     the cska sofia goalkeeper asked his parents to send him rent money .     the bulgarian club are struggling with financial problems .
warning graphic content .     footage showed mario valencia pointing a rifle into air and firing a shot .     michael rapiejko 's police car then mounts the sidewalk and hits suspect .     officer said he had no choice but to ` shoot or run over ' the armed man .
some local businesses in baltimore are banding together to show support for change .     business owners have given workers opportunities to peacefully demonstrate .     several businesses dealing with destruction , looting from monday riot .
evnika saadvakass became a youtube sensation at five-years-old .     eight-year-old 's work rate is relentless in the 40-second long video .     shows no sign of tiring as she unleashes combination punches .
l'hermione is a painstaking replica of an 18th century ship of the same name .     the original fought with american colonists against the british in the revolutionary war .
dr terry dubrow and dr paul nassif are the resident experts on the popular e! reality series .     season two of botched premieres tonight and features reality star tiffany ` new york ' pollard , who is looking to have her breast augmentation fixed .     the doctors will also take on a patient who had cement injected into her face and a man who wants to look like kim kardashian , among others .
bbc commentator guy mowbray 's notes were revealed on twitter .     mowbray commentated on liverpool 's match against newcastle at anfield .     he correctly predicted 19 of the 22 players who took to the field .
the couple have been identified by family and friends as 48-year-old chris peppelman and his wife nicole , 43 .     one of the couple 's sons called 911 just before 1pm on tuesday when he came home and found his parents dead .     mr and mrs peppelmen were covered in cuts believed to have been caused by a chainsaw .     so far , authorities will only classify mrs peppelman 's death as a homicide - suggesting that the incident could be a murder-suicide .     friends say the couple was going though troubles , and that mrs peppelman had moved out of the home with their three boys .
three of the five teens released .     one 18-year-old suspect has been charged , report says .     australian police said the suspects were allegedly planning an `` isis-inspired '' attack .
nine-year-old ` saw heaven and sat in jesus 's lap ' while unconscious .     annabel , from texas , survived headfirst fall with only bumps and bruises .     the schoolgirl woke up cured from illness that had plagued her childhood .     claims fairy-like guardian angel sat with her while she was rescued .
the hand-drawn flightplan for bombing mission on hiroshima is now for sale .     unseen documents were kept by co-pilot of plane that dropped atom bomb .     captain robert lewis was in the enola gay b29 bomber on august 6 , 1945 .     remarkable drawings put to auction by his son expected to fetch # 300,000 .
phil haste , 60 , issued with # 50 fine for not showing tax disk in his car .     this is despite it not becoming a legal requirement six months ago .     he was also told he had not shown a pay and display ticket in his car .     but he has a valid car parking permit , so said decision was ` diabolical '
jordan spieth set a masters record 54-hole total of 16-under-par .     the american carding a 70 to take a four-shot lead into the final round .     justin rose collected five birdies on his final six holes to go 12 under .     rory mcilroy and tiger woods were among those at six under after 68s .
malaysia , australia and china announce possible new phase of hunt for missing plane .     the search of the current priority zone is expected to be completed in may .
another east coast low predicted to hit new south wales from thursday .     the ses says it is concerned about the impact this will have on communities hard hit by last week 's storms - particularly in the hunter .     residents urged to prepare their homes to prevent more damage .
julie schenecker , 54 , was found guilty last year of murdering her son beau , 13 , and daughter calyx , 16 , in their tampa , florida home in january 2011 .     in a jailhouse interview , she has now revealed she does not regret it .     she claimed her son was being sexually abused - but would not say by whom - and that her daughter was struggling with mental illness .     authorities said she had admitted to shooting the children for being ` mouthy ' and her journals detailed how she was going to kill them .
australian and philippines governments given notice their nationals will be executed in 72 hours .     they include philippines maid mary jane velos and australians andrew chan and myuran sukumaran .     australia has repeatedly appealed for clemency for the pair .
a person 's brain often reflects their gender . however their hands can also indicate if their brain is more female or male .     why are some skills or characteristics considered male or female-specific ?     documentary examines if gender-specific traits are due to biology -lrb- occuring from birth -rrb- or develop as a result of environment .     the film examines different theories and studies about gender and the brain .     study says fingers can indicate how much testosterone is in a person 's body .     is your brain male or female ? documentary premieres on sbs one on monday at 7.30 pm .
lizzy hawker entered the 2005 ultra-trail du mont-blanc -lrb- utmb -rrb- on a whim .     hawker was the first woman to cross the finish line that year in 24th place .     she 's gone on to become britain 's most distinctive female ` ultra runner '
man on moped knocked woman 's phone out of her hand in china .     the screen cracks and she demands he pays for the damages .     when he says that he has no money right now , she makes him kneel .     despite promising to pay eventually , she slaps the man across the face .
hillary clinton seen as honest and trustworthy by just 38 per cent of americans , new poll shows .     new headaches include revelations about foreign funds flowing into the clintons ' family foundation while she was secretary of state .     $ 2.35 million came from family foundation of company chairman involved in selling canadian uranium company to russian state-owned firm .     hillary helped approve that $ 610 million sale in 2010 , which gave vladimir putin-linked company control over one-fifth of america 's uranium .     bill clinton received $ 26 million in speaking fees from foundation donors , including $ 500,000 from an investment bank tied to putin and the kremlin .     chelsea clinton defended the foundation that now bears her name , saying it 's ` among the most transparent ' philanthropies in the us .
swiftkey analysed one billion sets of emoji data across 60 categories .     us uses lgbt emoji - such as men holding hands - 30 % more than average .     russians use three times more romantic emoji including the kiss mark .     while australians use double the average amount of alcohol-themed emoji .
stacey johson , 22 , was diagnosed with cancer in her brain eight years ago .     her sister dannii , 20 , became her carer last year but suffered headaches .     after going to the gp dannii was also found to have a benign brain tumour .     stacey has found out her tumour has grown , while dannii awaits treatment .
peter kelly , 34 , was fatally stabbed on tuesday night at the st croix river .     levi acre-kendall , 19 , charged friday with first-degree reckless homicide .     max sentence is 60 years of combined prison and extended supervision .     kelly and friend were fishing on minnesota side of river and heard swearing .     asked three men on wisconsin side to be quiet and an argument ensued .     kelly and friend drove over to other side and the fatal stabbing occurred .     dead man , who volunteered as a high school wrestling coach in his spare time , leaves behind a wife and five children , all under the age of nine .
mr shatner revealed his radical proposal in an interview with yahoo news .     he wants to build a 4ft-wide pipeline from seattle down to california .     this would bring water to help alleviate some of the drought problems .     but some experts have called his $ 30 billion idea ` highly illogical '
memphis depay has been linked with a summer move to man united .     tottenham and man city are also said to be keeping tabs on psv star .     depay has scored 20 goals in 26 league games so far this season .     the dutch ace worked under louis van gaal at the 2014 world cup .
queensland man shocked delivery from 5km away was sent interstate .     package was sent on a 2,000 km journey before arriving at the man 's door .     ` there 's just no common sense , ' the man , chris , says of delivery process .     he suggested fines be introduced to help improve australia post 's service .
the bizarre incident happened on m74 near abington in south lanarkshire .     sheepdog leaned on controls of tractor taking it from a field on to the road .     incident caused tailbacks as police and the farmer recovered the vehicle .     don 's owner tom hamilton was tending to a lamb when drama unfolded .
president barack obama in jamaica for a meeting with caribbean leaders .     he made an unscheduled visit to the bob marley museum in kingston .     said the museum was ` wonderful ' - and he still owns all of marley 's records .     he is first u.s president to visit the country since ronald reagan in 1982 .
islamist militant group al-shabaab claims responsibility for the attack .     the explosion happened across the street from a hotel that was attacked two months ago .     mogadishu has been the site of frequent attacks by al-shabaab .
set in a remote valley , the shire of montana is located about 100 miles south of the us-canada border .     it is built into a hill on a 20-acre property which boasts decorative hobbit homes , fairy doors and a troll house .     there is no mobile phone service as the 1,000 square foot guest house is located entirely underground .
ian wright presented tony mccoy with champion jockey trophy .     mccoy finished third on box office in last-ever race on saturday .     the 40-year-old also finished third on mr mole in penultimate race .     mccoy was reduced to tears as he competed professionally for last time .
the worker was caught on camera by a member of the public .     field owner th clements & son was alerted and the man was sacked .     passer-by who used mobile phone to snap photo branded act ` disgusting '     tesco : vegetables undergo ` extensive assessment ' before hitting shelves .
the new terminal 1 will open in 2018 spanning 700,000 square metres .     the large area is set to handle 45 million passengers a year .     british-iraqi architect , zaha hadid , worked with airport developers adpi .     the six-tier concept aims to promote a central open communal space .
teacher karstein erstad found thousands of live worms on top of the snow .     there have been reports of worm rainfall in norway following his report .     mr erstad says the ` very rare phenomenon ' happened in sweden in 1920s .
celebrity doctors are seeing an increase in demand for botox in their jowls .     the nefertiti lift is a cosmetic procedure that defines the jaw line .     ashley pearson takes a look at the latest trend in anti-ageing .
sarah hulbert claims she was treated differently from her male co-workers during her time as an executive assistant at bates college in lewiston .     hulbert claims that bates president a. clayton spencer expected her to jog , play tennis , and watch chick flicks .     a bates spokesman said in a statement that ` the college strongly disagrees with the allegations ' and will defend itself in court .
the tony castro design is estimated to cost 40million euros -lrb- # 29m / $ 43m -rrb- to build and more to buy .     the british designer has created the yacht to withstand a circumnavigation around the world .     luxurious touches include a cinema , wine cellar , gym , sauna and beach club as well as the infinity pool .     there is also space for submarines , supercars and jetskis on board .
etiquette expert and author william hanson on what makes a home posh .     cafetiere in the kitchen , and classical books -lrb- not dvds -rrb- in the sitting room .     william reveals the items you should not own ... such as napkin rings .     fun quiz revealed below ... how many points do you score ?
lee judson had gone to ann malsbury 's home to collect his belongings .     they had broken up after 18-month relationship , leaving her ` distressed '     malsbury jumped on his back and wrapped ipod cable around his neck .     22-year-old chef from coventry avoids jail but receives community order .
chris evans and jeremy renner get in hot water after a joke made about `` avengers '' character black widow .     renner called scarlett johansson 's character a `` slut '' and evans referred to her as a `` whore ''     the actors issued an apology on thursday .
the bridal centre , in brisbane , shut down unexpectedly earlier this month .     around 140 brides were left out of pocket and without a dress .     they created a facebook page called ` where 's my dress ' so the women could connect and try to find alternative ways to get their dream dress .     ladies and bridal companies started to donate dresses to the women .     adele mckenzie was one of the women who have been left without a dress .     she said the way the brides have been treated is ` disgraceful '     many brides have taken to social media to slam the bankrupt company .
jeremy peace looking to sell the club for between # 150m and # 200m .     groups from america , australia and far east interested in the club .     peace determined any deal must be completed by july to ensure stability .
diddy and mark wahlberg have placed a $ 250,000 bet on the mega-fight .     the rapper is confident floyd mayweather can put him in the ` money '     american boxer adrien broner has also put his money where his mouth is .     broner admitted he will be putting $ 10,000 on there to be a stoppage .     mayweather vs pacquiao - 12 things you did n't know about the pair .     click here for all the latest mayweather vs pacquiao news .
app collate child-friendly videos , songs and educational resources .     content by dreamworks , national geographic and youtubers .     claims the app has too many advertisements and product placements .
andrew hennells threatened staff in tesco with a knife of february 13 .     fifteen minutes before the raid he posted details of his plan on facebook .     norfolk crown court judge deems 31-year-old ` high risk ' to the public .
nicola bonn , a journalist and broadcaster , shares her candid account .     says she 's found becoming a new mother ` exciting yet utterly petrifying '     is fed up of other mothers judging her and giving her advice .
mp handed dossier of information to the department to kick-start a probe .     the dossier was shelved by officials and only discovered by police in 2013 .     revelation heightens fears he was beneficiary of establishment cover up .     labour mp simon danczuk said the home office ought to ` come clean '
ss sergeant oskar groening , 93 , faces trial for being a guard at auschwitz .     charged with 300,000 counts of accessory to murder in 2 months in 1944 .     groening says he was at the camp but denies killing or torturing jews .     survivors and relatives filed into court today as they waited for trial to start .
the queen 's granddaughter is vying for a spot on team gb in 2016 .     she gave birth to her daughter , mia grace , in january last year .     to regain her fitness zara , 33 , uses an exercise bike every morning .     she sticks to a healthy diet and also goes swimming and cycling .
sofia davila , 21 , nicknamed the ` black widow of facebook ' over crimes .     caught after going to police , claiming she was forced out her victim 's flat .     she has admitted bedding and robbing 15 men after spiking their drinks .
new photos emerge of sir paul mccartney and heather mills ' 2002 wedding .     but after tying the knot , sir paul 's daughters looked decidedly glum .     the pair were said to have been less than overjoyed at their father 's partner .     pictures and other memorabilia are to be auctioned for charity next month .
a man has died after being crushed by a garbage truck in melbourne .     the man was collecting garbage when the truck rolled and crushed him .     another man has died after the car he was travelling in crashed into trees in melbourne 's east on friday .
schoolboy xiao gao , 11 , drank water spiked with perfume and chalk dust .     he has not spoken since the prank which went wrong five days ago .     doctors ca n't explain sudden voice loss and think it may be psychological .
a group of nevada sex workers , hookers for hillary , have come out in favor of the democratic contender for president .     the hookers all work at dennis hof 's moonlite bunny ranch , a legal brothel in carson city .     the group cite clinton 's work on health care reform , foreign experience , tax reform and responsible government oversight on public health issues .
the car crashed when a left rear tire tread separated on the florida turnpike on saturday .     the crash took place at about 4:45 p.m .     uriel miranda , 38 , who was in the car with his wife and seven children as well as his three brothers , died at the scene .     his daughter , yaretsi miranda , 2 , died along with yordi miranda , 8 .     troopers say all 12 occupants were relatives from apopka .     police report indicated half of them were n't wearing seat belts .
locations in ceredigion , powys and pembrokeshire being used for training .     also used to radicalise mulsims , according to counter-terrorism officer .     he said those involved are ` seemingly normal ' but have an ` ulterior motive '
the tories publish a separate ` english manifesto ' for the first time .     mr cameron said delivering ` home rule ' for england is a top priority .     tory government will introduce the new system before march 2016 budget .     it will allow english mpsto set separate rate of income tax to scotland .
the terrifying video was captured in wangaratta , northeast victoria .     a man sprays insect repellent under the handle door of his holden ute .     he cowers back in fear when the huntsman drops out and onto the road .
conservative leader was speaking from autocue at croydon election event .     but tory party confirmed it was an ` off the cuff ' remark not in his speech .     got the wrong claret and blue side despite being a villa fan since his teens .     said in his defence : ` these things can happen when you are on the stump '
lacey spears of scottsville , kentucky , was found guilty last month of second-degree murder in the death of garnett-paul spears .     the 27-year-old spears was found guilty of force-feeding heavy concentrations of sodium through the boy 's stomach tube .     judge who sentenced spears on wednesday said she suffers from a mental illness and said the crime was still ` unfathomable in its cruelty '     she showed no emotion when she was sentenced .
bristol city have earned promotion to the championship .     25-year-old aden flint has been crucial to their promotion push .     flint has chipped in with an impressive 11 goals so far this season .     defender scored during city 's jpt victory against walsall in march .     steve cotterill 's side are 10 points clear at the top of league one .
andrew chan is the youngest of four children and the son of chinese immigrants who worked as a supervisor for a catering company .     myuran sukumaran , a university drop-out and the eldest of three , lived with his parents while working in a mail room .     both men revealed that flashy lifestyles attracted them to drug smuggling .     they were arrested in 2005 for organising eight kilos of heroin to be smuggled out of indonesia , and sentenced to death five months later .     in nearly ten years on death row , chan found god and become a christian pastor ; sukumaran became an artist .
firm previously revealed smart cocktail dress that can repel people .     is also developing wrist mounted drones .     intel also showed off button sized computer and wrist mounted drone .
160,000 people made same journey last year often on overcrowded vessels .     nine bodies recovered after boat carrying 150 people capsized near libya .     number of migrants dying in the mediterranean has increased ten-fold .
rj jackson is one of around 70 sufferers of netherton 's syndrome .     four-year-old 's skin appears red and scaly , and can be itchy and painful .     mother valerie jackson is regularly accused of ` scalding or burning ' him .     says rj faces cruel taunts from bullies - most of whom are ignorant adults .
world endurance championship begins at silverstone on april 12 .     scantily-clad beauties traditionally pose next to cars before races .     ` grid girls ' decision has been welcomed for those seeking gender equality .
almeria fired juan ignacio martinez on sunday after 4-1 defeat by levante .     former barcelona defender juan sergi barjuan named as new head coach .     martinez took charge in december after francisco rodriguez was sacked .     almeria are 18th in la liga with nine games left to play .
ap mccoy is set to bring his 25-year career to an end at sandown .     he will be joined by his whole family and thousands of devoted racing fans .     his mum claire admits she will be somewhat relieved when it 's over .     mccoy will be awarded with 20th champions jockey trophy by ian wright .
hull city are keeping tabs on leeds united 's promising young english midfielder alex mowatt .     the 20-year-old has impressed for leeds this season , scoring nine goals .     mowatt was watched by hull scouts in leeds ' 4-3 defeat by wolves on monday .
jamie anderson says cgi characters lack the ` magic ' of the iconic show .     says he is ` very fond of puppets and practical effects ' rather than cg ones .     thunderbirds returns to our screens tonight 50 years since launch of show .     original show aired between 1964 and 1966 and repeated in 1992 and 2002 .
haunting images show the decaying ruins of holmesburg prison where scientists experimented on its prisoners .     inmates were paid to test a variety of dangerous substances such as radioactive , hallucinogenic and toxic materials .     renowned dermatologist who experimented on prisoners has claimed no harm was done to any of the ` volunteers '     the prisoners who led a 38-day hunger strike in 1938 were locked in ` the bake ovens ' where four ` roasted to death '
london 2012 gold medallist nicola adams will prolong her career .     adams has said she ` will keep fighting as long as i have motivation '     the 32-year-old underwent surgery on her shoulder earlier this year .     read : natasha jonas retires from boxing despite recent injury recovery .
bad weather may destroy weekend plans in multiple states , with thunderstorms and tornadoes forecast to strike .     there was one tornado in florida and two tornadoes hit colorado thursday .     severe thunderstorms may take place in several states friday and affect metropolitan areas , including dallas and houston .     storms could also happen in the south and along the gulf coast saturday .     winds , tornadoes , and hail were forecast to be potential issues from friday through sunday .     the forecasts come after some parts of the country - including ohio , new york , minnesota , wisconsin and michigan - saw snow earlier this week .
two trainee obstetricians have reportedly been removed from a newly-opened $ 2 million hospital in western australia .     they were removed due to concerns about the quality of service and problems with patient safety at the obstetric unit , according to a report .     health authorities say the move was made in order to reshuffle junior medical staff .     there 's been a string of controversial incidents in the hospital , including the death of a patient last month .
child has amassed thousands of twitter followers with ` gang life ' photos .     in one video he points gun at camera as adults look on unfazed .     his tweets have prompted backlash with calls for intervention .
len barnes , 75 , lost three stone while battling clostridium difficile .     when antibiotics failed to work specialists suggested a faecal transplant .     mr barnes ' daughter debbie stepped in to help , and donated her stools .
the large prize is being offered by businessman , dmitry kaminskiy .     he hopes money will help create a new group of ` supercenternarians '     jeanne calment holds the record of oldest person , dying aged 122.5 .     he has made a $ 1m bet with dr alex zhavoronkov on who will die first .
kamron t. taylor was recently convicted of murder .     he stole officers keys and uniform being fleeing the jail in officers vehicle .     taylor was awaiting sentencing when he escaped .     the 23-year-old fugitive is wanted for aggravated battery to a correctional officer as well as escape .     a $ 1,000 cash reward is being offered for any information .     authorities say they have found a 15-year-old girl who they had thought to be in the company of the murderer .
england have never advanced past last eight at the world cup .     but striker toni duggan says they 'll head to canada in june ` without fear '     duggan has scored 11 goals in 16 matches for the three lions .     she had to recover from serious knee injury earlier this year .     aiming for success with both england and club manchester city this year .
carlton tavern made it through bombing during the second world war .     it was knocked down days before it was due to be marked a listed building .     westminster city council is considering legal action against developers .     danny john-jules , who played cat in red dwarf , has hit out at demolition .
leonie granger , 25 , has been jailed for 16 years for luring gambler to death .     convinced mehmet hassan , 56 , she was interested in him at mayfair casino .     went to his flat and let in boyfriend kyrron jackson and nicholas chandler .     they kicked mr hassan to death and stole some of his gambling winnings .     granger convicted of manslaughter and two men found guilty of murder .     judge william kennedy today described the attack as ` pitiless and wicked '
manny pacquaio vs floyd mayweather takes place in las vegas on may 2 .     the fight is set to gross more than $ 300million , the most ever in boxing .     sky sports pundits jamie redknapp and thierry henry went head-to-head .
lightning flash spotted in the ash cloud of the colima volcano which is 301 miles west of mexico city .     strikes caused by high levels of electric charge building up as ash particles rub together .     bolts can heat surrounding air to 3,000 °c and melt ash in the cloud into glassy spheres , scientists discovered .
tehsin nayani spent six years as spokesman for the glazer family .     his new book , the glazer gatekeeper , tells all about his time in the job .     nayani insists that the glazer takeover was always a long-term project .     sir alex ferguson used to invite the owners into the home dressing room .     nayani believes the red knights consortium were never serious suitors .     the glazers are not ` ogres ' despite fan opinion , according to nayani .
spanish royals attended memorial for victims of the germanwings plane that crashed in the french alps last month .     some 50 spaniards died on the plane which was en-route from barcelona to dusseldorf with 150 people on board .     queen letizia shook hands and embraced some of the victims ' relatives and friends with her husband king felipe .
see cheetahs , lions and leopards in africa , siberian tigers in russia , polar bears in svalbard and grizzlies in alaska .     madagascar , borneo , rwanda , sri lanka and brazil feature on the itinerary - which is a dream for wildlife lovers .     during the tour , guests stay in accommodation including tented camps , mountain lodges and beachfront hotels .
frausters try and raise money off stacey eden 's high profile .     ms eden stood up for a muslim couple being abused on a sydney train .     daily mail australia published video of the incident on thursday .     ` all i want is good karma ' , ms eden said on social media .     bizarre fake profile said she had been inundated with offers of donations .
bryan morseman , of bath , new york , won marathons on march 14 , 15 and 22 .     the 29-year-old 's winnings went toward medical bills for his nine-month-old son , who has spina bifida , a developmental congenital disorder .     the disorder develops in the womb when a baby 's spinal column does n't form properly .     morseman said his son leeim gives him inspiration to run the races .     he has won 23 of the 42 marathons he 's run since his first in 2008 .
the actor says he 's not planning on seeing the buzzed-about documentary .     he called scientology `` brilliant ''     travolta credits the church with helping him deal with his son 's death .
bb-8 moved in all directions on stage at star wars celebration in anaheim .     director jj abrams said a real robot and not cgi was used in the film .     audience were mesmerised by the droid but it 's a mystery how it works .     suggestions include giant robotic ball has another magnetic robot on top .
an italian prosecutor announces suspected al qaeda affiliates may have targeted the vatican .     isis produced propaganda videos showing beheadings of egyptian , ethiopian christians .     al-shabaab has singled out non-muslims to kill them , as at a garissa university college .
ap mccoy will race at sandown for the last time before retiring on saturday .     mccoy is to be presented with his 20th champion jockeys trophy .     ian wright will hand mccoy , an avid arsenal supporter , the award .
eva mozes kor , 81 , called for the prosecutions of former ss officers to end .     she publicly embraced oskar groening in act of forgiveness last week .     he 's standing trial for his alleged complicity in the murder of 300,000 jews .     mrs kor faced criticism from her co-plaintiffs in the case for her views .
a lawyer for dr. anthony moschetto says the charges against him are baseless .     moschetto , 54 , was arrested for selling drugs and weapons , prosecutors say .     authorities allege moschetto hired accomplices to burn down the practice of former associate .
parents and grandparents flocking to social media site .     almost 60 % of britons aged over 55 now have facebook account .     many have left site while others block posts from family members .
study looked at neanderthal forearm bone , left leg and right thigh bone .     all of the bones had unnatural breakage marks possibly made by tools .     scientists say neanderthal groups pulled apart bones on dead bodies .     it is not yet known whether this was done for food or in a funeral ritual .
33-year-old stuart made the bizarre excuse to ex-girlfriend sophie .     she told of the creative excuse for cheating during a tv appearance .     but a red-faced stuart stormed on to the jeremy kyle show to deny it .     the jeremy kyle show , weekdays at 9.25 am on itv .
gel contains platelet-rich plasma -lrb- prp -rrb- .     the concentrated mix of substances in the blood play a role in healing .     it is made by taking a small amount of blood from a patient 's arm .
mitsubishi lancer crashed through family 's fence in sydney 's north-west .     the 23-year-old driver was hit by taxi and sent him spiralling out of control .     driver and two passengers managed to escape when car crashed into pool .     blue lancer sunk to the bottom and will need to be retrieved with a crane .
the stoke player stunned chelsea faithful with breathtaking strike today .     scottish midfielder picked ball up deep into his own half before shooting .     the goal is already been hailed as one of the best ever on social media .
flashing tanned shoulders and pretty decolletage is a red carpet staple .     but it 's not always the easiest look to pull off for those with larger chests .     claire cisotti and her 34g curves have put six strapless dresses to the test .
locals say power cuts the weekend before raid could be linked to heist .     they also tell of suspicious ` drilling ' noises on evening of good friday .     group seen returning to scene on saturday - a day after initial break-in .     police admit they did n't respond after alarm went off early on friday .
the chef and healthy food campaigner 's company said influential stars should be careful about adverts appearing next to their video posts .     jamie oliver 's food tube channel has a ` firm agreement ' with youtube to stop ads for unhealthy foods running next to his own posts .     the advertising standards authority currently does n't safeguard against unhealthy ads appearing on online videos , just television programmes .
mexican archaeologist found mercury in chamber of teotihuacan pyramid .     the chamber had been sealed at the end of a tunnel for nearly 1,800 years .     because of the potential supernatural significance of liquid mercury in rituals , archaeologist sergio gomez hopes to find king 's tomb in pyramid .     teotihuacan , or ` abode of the gods ' in the aztec language of nahuatl , was distinct from the mayan civilization .
pellegrini is feeling the heat after man city 's 2-1 defeat to crystal palace .     the result left man city nine points behind chelsea in premier league .     the last four managers to win title have left their posts soon after .     jose mourinho 's first spell at chelsea abruptly ended in 2007 .     carlo ancelotti suffered similar fate year after title success .     roberto mancini was shown door by city 12 months after first league title .     sir alex ferguson retired after winning a 13th premier league at united .     click here for all the latest manchester city news .
mark warburton set to leave at the end of the season .     gianfranco zola being considered for job , along with other foreign bosses .     zola was at griffin park to watch brentford play on saturday .
lashing out in sleep is a sign of ` rapid eye movement behaviour disorder '     half of people with this condition will go on to develop parkinson 's disease .     up to 90 % of people will develop another neurological disorder within 10 years .     sleep disorder occurs due to a brain malfunction - meaning the brain does n't paralyse the body 's muscles during the period of sleep when people dream .
ebay retailer said prices for manny pacquiao items have risen 10 times since the fight with floyd mayweather was confirmed in february .     pacquiao-autographed boxing gloves have also risen ` at least 50 per cent '     sales tripled at team pacquiao store , owned by manny , in general santos .     pacquiao and mayweather fight on may 2 in the richest bout in history .
crown princess mary was in aabenraa in southern denmark on thursday .     event marked the 75th anniversary of the invasion by germany in 1940 .     tasmanian-born royal wore chic black ensemble with grey accessories .     busy week for royals with birthday celebrations for queen margarethe ii .
miss wendy and owner marc métral put through to semi finals by panel .     but viewers said act was ` cruel ' while rspca said it would work to ` ascertain what methods were used '     cowell called act ` incredible ' - amanda holden said : ` you made tv history '     but similar act was seen on america 's got talent in united states in 2012 .
the ship was sunk in 1942 hundreds of miles of the coast of south america .     a british company says the salvage operation occurred at a world record depth .     the torpedoing is the subject of the book `` goodnight , sorry for sinking you ''
rochelle coulson , from new milton , gets equivalent to # 22k taxable salary .     that is more than a nurse 's starting wage and the same salary as a teacher .     ms coulson claims she can not work because she falls asleep unexpectedly .     doctors said she must lose weight , but ms coulson wants a state-funded support worker to help her write meal plans .     rochelle 's story is featured in benefits and bypasses : the billion pound patients on channel 5 at 9pm tonight .
the three-year-old boy picked up gun inside a cleveland , ohio , home .     he then pulled the trigger , shooting and killing braylon robinson .     it is unclear whether victim was related to the youngster who shot him .     baby 's mother could be heard screaming on the back porch on sunday .     police are trying to determine who left weapon within the child 's reach .     force chief said of accidental shooting : ` this is a senseless loss of life '
marlon samuels on 94 not out at stumps after being dropped on 32 on day one of the second test .     ben stokes was admonished by the umpire steve davis after a heated exchange with samuels in grenada .     chris jordan took two wickets while james anderson , stokes and stuart broad all claimed one each .     replays showed opener devon smith clearly missed the ball when he was dismissed by jordan .     captain denesh ramdin and samuels will resume on day two at national cricket stadium in st george 's .
caykur rizespor lost to fenerbahce in the turkish super lig on saturday .     rizespor midfielder ludovic obraniak was substituted after just 30 minutes .     obraniak was taken to hospital for tests on suspected heart problem .     former lille player was reported to be in a stable condition .
police said a 37-year-old man was in custody tuesday following the deaths of his wife and their two children at their home in suburban detroit .     the victims have been identified as christie fradeneck , her daughter celeste fradeneck and her son timothy fradeneck .     the man was held for questioning and the causes of the deaths have n't been released , a police spokesman has said .     officers discovered the bodies at the home in the eastern suburb after the woman 's sister called police .     police went inside and found the woman and children dead .     the children 's birthdays were less than two weeks away .
wealthy africans are investing in some of london 's most upscale real estate .     some nigerians are spending as much as $ 37 million on houses .     property experts say african investment in london is set to grow .
main parties ' school spokesmen backed right to opt out of state education .     they were asked if an education secretary could choose private school .     labour 's shadow education secretary said : ` yes . in certain circumstances '     education secretary nicky morgan agreed , as did the lib dem david laws .
siem de jong has been out of action since the end of august .     the # 6m summer signing suffered a collapsed lung in february .     de jong was ruled out for the rest of the season but is close to full fitness .
celtic beat st mirren 2-0 to move eight points clear at the top of the league .     ronny deila praised his players for their patience in waiting for the win .     although pleased , he said the pitches in scotland are ` terrible '     deila believes it would be better to play on artificial pitches .
ranette afonso , 42 , will marry marko conte , 30 , this october .     accident happened in august 2013 , while ranette was still married .     began texting regularly after swapping insurance and contact details .
tributes to south african colonial past defaced by young black protesters .     wave of protests triggered after statue of cecil john rhodes was defaced .
manchester city were beaten 4-2 by manchester united at old trafford .     defeat leaves city fourth in premier league , four points behind man united .     man city desperately need to strengthen an ageing squad in the summer .     and it remains to be see whether city will stick with manuel pellegrini .     but the biggest challenge could be keeping hold of sergio aguero .     argentine scored a brace against united to take his tally for city to 100 .
kim roberts worked as a housekeeper for dowager countess bathurst .     she admitted stealing antiques and picasso sketch from her country home .     roberts confessed to taking antique vases , a car and committing fraud .     she took the items while she was employed at cirencester park .
chloe owens , 27 , from swanley , designed new app bump 2 breast .     came up with idea when pregnant with daughter , lola , now three months .     says her and husband david felt like ` rabbits in headlights ' at first .     also struggled to remember which boob to use when breastfeeding .
a cambridge university professor has written a book about sex statistics .     sex by numbers investigates what the real average penis size is .     tracey cox takes a look at the surprising findings .
brian gemmell said spy chiefs ordered him to ` stop digging ' at boys ' home .     former army intelligence officer claims mi5 covered up the sexual abuse .     staff jailed in 1980s for sexual abuse at notorious kincora children 's home .
officers suspended by chief greg suhr with recommendation for firing .     texts targeted blacks , mexicans , filipinos , gay men and women .     ` it 's not against law to put an animal down , ' one said of black house guest .     those facing termination include a captain and a sergeant .     man with captain 's name was promoted after alleged homophobic incident where gay man says officers said he had ` aids-infected pee '
arkansas attorney sarah sparkman observed women are sexualized on tv .     someone replied and mentioned britt mchenry , but did n't tag the reporter .     however , mchenry found the post and began lashing out at sparkman .     she called her a ` rando ' , insulted her appearance , and mocked her for ` bashing more successful ppl on twitter '     echoes how mchenry told tow clerk : ` i 'm on tv , you 're in a f -- ing trailer '
labour unveils poster claiming voters lost # 1,100 each due to tax changes .     ed balls said ` millions are paying more while millionaires pay less '     claimed the prime minister was planning a cut in the top rate of tax .     but mr cameron hailed a raft of tax cuts which have come into force today .     he said labour is planning tax rises worth # 3,000 to every working family .
animal gave police a run-around in battery park city on saturday .     officers trailed the canine in patrol cars and on foot through the streets .     it evaded capture for two hours while dipping in and out of traffic .     cops eventually cornered the coyote and shot it with a tranquilizer dart .
jan bearman surprised her family and decided to get her first tattoo at the age of 80 after her daughter shelley died in 2011 .     she has returned to the tattoo parlour twice on her birthday to have more tattoos inked in memory of her daughter and other children .     abc2 's tattoo tales followed jan as she went in for her third tattoo .     jan said that she feels as though her tattoos are a memorial , and she is able to carry her daughter with her .
ben wedeman joins the calabrese , an italian patrol boat as it traverses the mediterranean looking for migrants .     often the crew have little to report , only coming across fishing boats or other commercial vessels .     the calabrese was involved in a rescue in october 2013 , during which more than 350 people died .
brandon afoa , 33 , of puyallup was operating a tug to push back aircraft at seattle-tacoma international airport when the brakes and steering failed , causing him to crash into a luggage lift .     the incident , which took place on december 26 , 2007 , left afoa unable to use his legs or right arm .     for years the case was locked in courts because the port of seattle claimed it was n't liable as afoa worked for a private company .     however , the state supreme court ruled the airport operator had a ` duty ' to provide a safe working environment .     a jury awarded the judgment on tuesday .
the home also boasts a 1,400 sq ft roof deck and a 360 degree view of white rock lake and the city 's downtown .     architect matt mooney wanted to stay true to the materials and thus left the ceilings exposed to show the containers .     containers were also used to build a stunning two-story glass-paneled tower that mirrors the shape of the pool .     200 people watched as 18-wheelers transported the materials that would become this stunning three-bedroom home .
leigh griffiths is making the right sort of noise with celtic .     as a youngster griffiths had his fair share of controversy .     then celtic manager neil lennon took a gamble signing him last year .     griffiths has been a real success for the bhoys since - most notably scoring 14 goals in his last 17 games .
steven gerrard no longer has chance of ending liverpool career on high .     the liverpool ace was hoping to win fa cup in last appearance for reds .     gerrard will face the likes of hull , qpr and stoke in final six matches .     read : gerrard faces a miserable farewell tour with liverpool trophyless .
the 100th anniversary of the start of the mass killings will be commemorated friday .     turkey and others reject the use of the word `` genocide ''     most estimates of the deaths fall between 600,000 and 1.5 million .
holland beat spain 2-0 at the amsterdam arena on tuesday night .     stefan de vrij and davy klaassen scored goals for holland .     defeat recalls horror 5-1 defeat by holland at the world cup .     vicente del bosque used game to give younger spain players a chance .
inca kingdom in the andes was connected via handwoven rope bridges .     today , only one bridge remains - the keshwa chaca near huinchiri , peru .     the 90ft-long bridge is rebuilt by villagers over three days every june , before gradually disintegrating each time .     locals use the same techniques to make the rope as their inca ancestors .
actress gwyneth paltrow is trying to live on $ 29 worth of food for one week .     it 's a part of the #foodbanknycchallenge , which is bringing awareness to food poverty .     paltrow was nominated by her friend chef mario batali .
the total eclipse will only last 4 minutes and 43 seconds .     people west of the mississippi river will have the best view .     parts of south america , india , china and russia also will see the eclipse .
omar hussain , from high wycombe , often posts about life in islamic state .     27-year-old moans of one jihadi who left him on his own to defend position .     the next day he went online to say westerners should stop being ` cowards '     some fighters moan like ` menstruating women ' about guns they 're given .
ben affleck admits he asked pbs show `` finding your roots '' to avoid mentioning his slave-owning ancestor .     dean obeidallah says the actor and the show were right to leave the detail out .
almost 2 feet of ash fell in some areas .     authorities evacuate 4,400 people .     the last time calbuco erupted was 1972 .
andy murray is getting married to kim sears in dunblane on saturday .     british no 1 looked a little apprehensive at the wedding rehearsal .     former wimbledon champion is set to jet off after the wedding to take a look at prospective new assistant coach jonas bjorkman .
the stolen peruvian mummy was abandoned by archaeological dig site .     street cleaners found the remains in a box and called police .     believed stolen from chan chan capital of the chimu empire .
zayn and perrie 's relationship has been dogged with cheating rumours .     zayn has been accused of sleeping with several different women .     much like ashley cole who was accused of cheating on cheryl cole .     cheryl and ashley - who were married for four years - divorced in 2010 .
casey levi filmed the moment he tried to get his son sam to eat a california roll with a $ 10 prize up for grabs .     footage shows the youngster stepping up to the challenge but backing down after a minute 's hesitation and running off ` to be sick '     after sam 's ruled out of the game , his younger sister charlie confidently steps up to the mark .     with $ 10 in her pocket she gives her father a celebratory a high five .
racing grounds bans selfie sticks for may 2nd derby day and all live races .     ban sparked by safety concerns for horses , roughly 160,000 spectators .     museums are banning the technological toys as they become more popular .
timothy eli thompson was born without nasal passages or sinus cavities .     mother brandi mcglathery said facebook removed a photo of her son that a pro-life group posted about his story because it was too controversial .     a post she wrote about it was shared 30,000 times and photo was put back .     eli had to have a tracheotomy and family now has a gofundme page for him .     mother-of-three calls him ` the most beautiful boy i 've ever laid eyes on '
if carl froch does n't fight in 2015 i 'm not sure he 'll be back at all .     a blockbuster with james degale is most likely after julio cesar chavez jnr defeat - but anthony dirrell has made contact .     scott quigg-carl frampton summer fight is dead in the water .
lewis moody , danny grewcock and josh lewsey said they felt a jolt .     plane was dropping them off at the start of the 60-mile trek to the pole .     rugby stars are now back from expedition that raised money for charity .
xie shisheng was just 16 when he was imprisoned in a chinese cotton mill .     he 's been rescued after 18 years and says he was beaten daily and tortured .     xie 's captors fled the scene when police arrived at the mill on wednesday .
viv won # 152,319 , 18 shillings and 8d on the littlewoods pools in 1961 .     afterwards announced her life would no longer be sensible or boring .     said she would ` spend , spend spend ' in phrase that prase that became the title of a hit musical .
troy slezak from california filmed his seven-month-old daughter stella playing with the giant pooch on the living room floor at home .     footage shows the duo rolling around together and stopping for nose rubs .     slezak says the canine is usually ` very hyper ' but as soon as she sees stella she is ` calm ' and ` careful '
the seven signs around hollywood were erected this week by street artist plastic jesus .     he says he got the idea while driving down melrose ave a few weeks ago .     a kardashian shopping on the street caused such a ruckus that traffic was stopped on the busy avenue and he thought ` how is this news ? '     plastic jesus says the signs are n't meant to target the kardashians specifically but the obsession with reality tv stars in general .
jack dellal left his entire estate to wife ruanne but it was worth just # 15.4 m .     she claims he was worth # 750m and gave his fortune away to his children .     mrs dellal has been given the right to sue her in-laws by high court judge .     ` black jack ' once gambled # 1.7 million away in a single night .
new research indicates that a play published in 1728 was written by william shakespeare .     scholar lewis theobald had passed the work off as his own .     texas researchers used software to analyze and compare the language of the men .
the original migrants to europe from africa arrived 40,000 years ago .     up until 8,000 years ago , early hunter-gatherers largely had darker skin .     when near east farmers arrived , they carried with them light skin genes .     genomes of 83 people found 5 genes linked with diet and skin changes .
snp leader sparked outrage after refusing to rule out another vote .     clegg says snp would keep asking the question until they get right answer .     warns demands for another vote will destabilise economy across uk .
talks run until early thursday morning ; expected to resume hours later .     iranian minister : other side must `` seize the moment , '' not try to pressure iran .     u.s. official : `` it is still totally unclear when this might happen , if it happens at all ''
australian media personality deborah hutton , 53 , releases new cookbook .     ` my love affair with food ' is a compilation of her favourite recipes .     hutton says it is not a health or diet cookbook , just good food .     she shares three recipes from the book with daily mail australia .
sophia , the daughter of a lesbian , explains how two mothers are able to have a baby .     video was posted on a lifestyle website for lesbian moms , gay dads , single parents and adoptive families .     the first-grader also put together a series of illustrations to accompany the clip .
carmem dierks , 60 , was running the dodgy practice in west orange county , florida .     during the raid on her practice , authorities discovered hundreds of patient files , two dentist chairs , an x-ray machine and dental mold .     officers found two patients in the middle of treatment who said dierks had been treating them for eight years .
former olympian said he has ` always been on the conservative side ' of lgbt issues .     said : ' i would sit in church and always wonder , `` in god 's eyes , how does he see me ? '' '
linden adkins , 56 , was captured on video at kent state university , ohio .     was seen cutting off a car then screamed at the driver he was a ` moron '     applied engineering lecturer then tries to grab the windshield wipers .     has been charged with menacing - he claims he will plead guilty .     adkins claim he took action because the driver was on his phone and nearly ran down a student .
sydney cafe lowenbrau keller has released an advertising campaign which features the slogans ` wunderbra ' , ` make mein a dubbel ' and ` haus party '     the campaign has been slammed by activist group collective shout as objectifying women and opening staff to sexual harassment .     lowenbrau keller 's parent body said that the ads use ` fun play-on words ' to portray of the typical bavarian cultural experience of oktoberfest .     the eatery has further been slammed for directly comparing the serving size of food and drinks and the size of women 's breasts .     the same group withdrew a campaign last year comparing women to meat using the slogan ` we 've got the best racks '
support for greens on campuses falls from 28 % to 15 % in two months .     dramatic slump means the tories as well as labour are now more popular .     since september , percentage who dislike natalie bennett doubled to 24 % .
kay hafford was shot in the head after a confrontation with an angry driver .     she survived the shooting on north freeway in houston and called 911 .     hafford has faced dietrich evans who was arrested on suspicion of attack .
irwin horwitz threatens to fail his entire class .     his fiery email goes viral ; he now wonders if the unwanted attention will affect his career .
stall-owner tania rahman , 27 , was invited to take part in the celebrations .     but then salisbury council told her food was n't english enough for event .     she called move ` discriminatory ' and said st george was born in palestine .     and locals were also left furious forcing council to do embarasing u-turn .
statue of liberty to reopen saturday .     locker thought to have a suspicious package was empty , police say .     statue of liberty evacuated after bomb threat , officials say .     the evacuation came after a phoned threat , sources say .
reading face arsenal at wembley on saturday in fa cup semi-final .     aston villa and liverpool clash in second semi-final on sunday .     chelsea and manchester united clash in premier league on saturday night .
point-of-sale shutdown is effecting 8,000 starbucks locations in us and canada .     company said in statement glitch was caused by a failure during a daily system refresh .     glitch also affected starbucks ' evolution fresh and teavana stores .     many starbucks locations closed their doors so as not to give away free drinks .     coffeehouse chain said in update on its site stores are expected to open for ` business as usual ' saturday .
stephen dodd photographed asif bodi and abubakar bhula praying during half-time at anfield last month .     he captioned the image : ` muslims praying at half time #disgrace '     liverpool fc now say they will take action against dodd over the post .     but mr bodi says he does n't want to see dodd banned from the ground .
dozens of people clambering around debris of dharahara tower in kathmandu to take selfies in front of wreckage .     taking pictures amongst rubble of historic nine-storey structure , which has been reduced to pile of red brick dust .     but one rescuer said those taking photographs of themselves and friends were not ` understanding the tragedy '     not clear how many people were killed in tower in quake-hit city , but it was said to have been filled with tourists .
rachel chapman , nee friedman , was left paralyzed after being playfully pushed into a pool on her bachelorette party on may 23 , 2010 .     she tells dailymail.com her first question was ` can i still have children ? '     five years later , rachelle and husband chris are days from being parents .     their college friend laurel humes offered to be their surrogate .     the baby , a girl , is due on april 18 .     click here for more information about rachelle on her website .
joe hart has revealed he is inspired by the likes of gianluigi buffon .     italy 's record cap holder buffon played his 147th game for the azzurri .     man city shot stopper hart recorded his 50th appearance for england .     click here to read martin samuel 's match report from turin .
jon cryer revives `` pretty in pink 's '' duckie dance routine for `` the late late show ''     host james corden tweets that the bit `` fulfilled a childhood dream ''
british physicist stephen hawking has sung monty python 's galaxy song .     song is being released digitally and on vinyl for record store day 2015 .     it is a cover of the song from 1983 film monty python 's meaning of life .     professor hawking , 73 , appeared on film alongside professor brian cox .
graffiti artists work through the night to repaint 30 telephone booths .     latest in series of baymax-themed stunts as character craze sweeps china .     artists wanted to help burned-out beijing residents feel less stressed .
american youtube user kentuckyfriedidiot filmed himself teaching his newborn daughter how to suck a plastic water bottle .     to date the clip has been watched more than 190,000 times .
the dallas native will play alongside justin rose in the final pairing .     has set a scoring record for the first 54 holes of 16 under par .     finished runner-up last year and is now determined to win .     is first player since greg norman in 1996 to have lead after each round .
brighton giving young players training in law surrounding sexual consent .     the seagulls are the first to provide counselling to youth players .     part of training involves taking part in question and answer sessions .
figures show that while millions still tune in they listen for shorter bursts .     average listener spent ten hours a week tuning in last three months of 2014 .     this was 14 % down on decade earlier , when people tuned in for 11.6 hours .     the bbc trust has cleared the way for firms to buy their way into lifestyle programmes on the world news channel in a product placement experiment . for example , publishers could pay to have their books reviewed on talking books . the bbc trust will review the scheme in a year .
final show for mbfwa took place at 7pm at the carriageworks venue in sydney .     johanna johnson 's show , called sirens ' call , was inspired by hollywood glamour .     the designer said the collection was ' a call to all independent strong women '     stand-out pieces from the show included a hand-beaded mirror gown , intricate wedding gowns and gold fringing .
pupils are taught manual called kim jong-un 's revolutionary activities .     perhaps unsurprisingly , it contains no mention of the country 's history .     text also claims kim can draw well and knows how to compose music .
charly was patrolling venice beach with his minders tuesday .     somehow a tagger managed to write ` rbs ' and an arrow on his flank .     the silver paint was easily cleaned off .     but police want to find the person responsible and have appealed for help .
mesut ozil was brilliant during arsenal 's 4-1 victory against liverpool .     the german is first to get criticised , but he is a special talent .     eden hazard 's composure has been key for chelsea this season .     manuel pellegrini will be feeling the pressure on monday night .     ander herrara is enjoying his football after a difficult start .     bafetimbi gomis is proving there is life after wilfried bony at swansea .
nick abendanon was sublime in clermont 's 37-5 win against northampton .     abendanon is ineligible for england because he is playing overseas .     toulon flanker steffon armitage is in the same predicament .     the rfu can invoke an ` exceptional ' clause to select overseas players .     but this clause could create tension in the england camp .
josiah met marjorie jackson , 17 , a few years ago when he was taking spanish lessons at her house .     per the duggar family 's rules of courtship , their dates will be chaperoned while they get to know each other in preparation for a potential marriage .
iran 's president hassan rouhani assured the crowd that ` the iranian nation has been and will be the victor in the negotiations '     ayatollah khamenei said in a speech that ` sanctions must all be completely removed on the day of the agreement '     state department insisted hours later that ` sanctions will be suspended in a phased manner '     iranian ` supreme leader ' said white house 's public summary of talks ` was faulty , incorrect and contrary to the substance of the negotiations '     watchdog group warns obama administration is ` desperate for a nuclear deal ' and ` will give more concessions to tehran '     pro-israel advocate says iran has ' a 100 per cent record of forcing the americans to bow to their interpretation whenever there 's a dispute '
world 's best surfers have taken to their boards for the margarent river pro .     the dangerous surf break , ` the box , ' has initiated spectacular wipeouts .     australian josh kerr faceplanted into the reef when he lent too far forward .     adam melling and owen wright also succumbed to the huge surf break .
shiraz nawaz felt lucky to be alive after the flames shot out the manhole .     the fire erupted just moments after he walked over it in the busy street .     incredibly no-one was hurt in the incident after nawaz evacuated the area .
labour party supporters most likely to get up and show off their moves .     voters for the liberal democrats prefer a window seat on a plane .     green party fans more likely to take home the toiletries than others .
a brass lamp from the nurse 's derbyshire home is to go under the hammer .     she is thought to have used it to write nursing notes after crimean war .     lamp was passed on to servants and handed down through generations .     it will be sold by hansons in etwall , derbyshire , on june 26 .
the legendary physicist was speaking at the sydney opera house .     he appeared as a 3d hologram from cambridge university in the uk .     the question was what effect zayn malik leaving one direction would have .     professor hawking tackled the conundrum and had a perfect explanation .     he joked that in another different universe ` zayn is still in one direction '
mesut ozil failed to deliver against chelsea despite a perfect opportunity .     cesc fabregas would have had a bigger impact at arsenal this season .     ozil showed poor technique when he had the chance to be a match winner .     he may be a juan sebastian veron , andriy shevchenko or fernando torres .     read more : brendan rodgers is ruining rickie lambert 's career .     read more : manchester united need to raid borussia dortmund .
the labour leader insists snp mps will not be able to dictate policy .     insisted the snp would not ` call the shots ' if there was a hung parliament .     comes after nicola sturgeon said he could only govern with snp support .     she promised to use snp influence to increase government spending .     mr miliband also accepted his doom-laden claims about jobs were wrong .     before the recent jobs boom he said millions would be put on the dole .
hilary wilson suffered an amniotic fluid embolism during labour .     she had a cardiac arrest and ` died ' for 11 minutes as her son was born .     was given a 30 % chance of survival but thankfully woke up 4 days later .     had no memory of being pregnant or giving birth after she woke up .
female fans captivated by new breed of ` pretty but gritty ' male leads .     aidan turner in poldark perfects the rugged costume drama look .     other heartthrobs include kit harington in games of thrones , sam heughan in outlander and travis fimmel in vikings .
the head of the wildlife aid foundation in surrey rescued the fox .     fox had been stuck for 40 minutes and was unable to move around .     mr cowell distracts it with a stick and then lifts cub out of the fence .     fox is released back into the wild and heads off home to its mother .
hat-trick in the prestigious london press club awards is unprecedented .     judges said a rare feat was ` fully deserved ' and praised all-round quality .     front page which revealed truth about feminist t-shirts worn by ed miliband and harriet harman earned a nomination for scoop of the year .     literary critic craig brown was nominated as arts reviewer of the year .
the aaron hernandez jury and alternate jurors sat down as a group with cnn 's anderson cooper on thursday .     the jury wanted to make it known that they gave hernandez a fair trial and did not let his notoriety get in the way of their difficult decision making .     hernandez , 25 , was sentenced to life in prison without the possibility of parole on wednesday for the 2013 murder of odin lloyd .     before his arrest , hernandez was a star tight-end for the new england patriots , with a $ 40million five-year contract .
cctv footage shows the thieves in action at the shell fuel stop at 265 ygnacio valley road in walnut creek .     with one man distracting a cashier at the window , another hooks up a cable to the cash machine .     with the other end of the cord attached to a white pickup , the vehicle then speeds off , uprooting the atm from its mount .     two of the suspects were described as white males , while the escape vehicle was detailed as a white ford f-250 or f-350 four-wheel drive .
rhiannon langley , from melbourne , underwent rhinoplasty in bangkok .     the 24-year-old has 191,000 followers on instagram alone .     fans are following her cosmetic surgery ` journey ' on social media .     langley created the hashtag #rhiannongetsrhino that fans can follow .     travelled to thailand as part of a $ 5,190 medical tourism package .
alan rogers smashed the head of fred hatch in their communal garden .     mr hatch 's wife enid found rogers standing over her husband 's body .     rogers claimed he wanted mr hatch dead as he was involved in witchcraft .     he told officers arresting him ' i have been waiting a long time to kill that man '
barcelona beat psg over two legs to progress in uefa champions league .     pep guardiola and bayern munich showed dominance against porto .     real madrid were indebted to javier hernandez against atletico madrid .     juventus are playing their first champions league semi-finals since 2003 .     uefa champions league semi-final first legs take place on may 5/6 2015 .     click here to follow how it all unfolded .
charter a private jet in the us via jetsuite.com for as little as # 369 .     airbnb , homeaway and vrbo offer budget stays in castles and mansions .     getmyboat.com has luxury yachts from # 125 per person all over the world .     a specialist website lets car fans rent a porsche boxster s for # 175 per day .
the man , known only as xu , was keen to have a grandchild .     he bought the ` daughter-in-law ' for # 1,311 at the beginning of 2014 .     both his son and the woman that xu bought suffered from learning difficulties .     after realising the young couple were not sleeping together , he began having sex with her himself .     but when she failed to fall pregnant he decided to sell her on again .     xu is under arrest for human trafficking at lianyungang in eastern china .
binmen refused to empty bin because it had empty crisp packet on lid .     they also left bin full because there was a scrap of cellophane on top .     enraged residents have branded waste collection squads as ` little hitlers '
cape verde defeated portugal 2-0 in an international friendly match .     nani and henrik larsson could have played for cape verde .     the island 's population currently stands at just 500,000 people .
ralph body was once a beloved figure at the front desk of the building 27 on 27th in queens .     the concierge says he was fired last week and now believes it was because he was too willing to help affluent tenants -- even after his shifts .     some tenants are gathering signatures to get 41-year-old body reinstated as the building 's ever-effervescent doorman .
55 dead greyhound carcasses found dumped in coonarr , queensland .     a 71-year-old man and 64-year-old woman were arrested and charged .     the pair will appear in the bundaberg magistrates court on friday .
liverpool got back to winning ways with fa cup victory over blackburn .     brendan rodgers will be hoping his side can close gap on man city .     the reds are just seven points behind city with a game in hand .     liverpool host newcastle at anfield on monday night .     raheem sterling : my ambition is to have my own song from the kop .
bailey murrill became inexplicably paralyzed , losing all feeling in her legs .     she was in hospital for 11 days being cared for by her favorite nurse .     bailey regained feeling again and was able to stand , surprising her nurse .     pair hug and burst into tears in heartwarming video filmed by her mother .
the cross dressing robber from taylors hill is in police custody .     the 23-year-old man was arrested and charged with armed robbery .     the robbery took place at a service station in watervale in march .     a man dressed in female clothing produced a fake machine gun .     the staff member handed over the cash which the robber placed in a bag .
highly rated striker obbi oulare attracting attention from around europe .     manchester united and borussia dortmund among sides scouting oulare .     the 19-year-old found the net as brugge extended lead at top of league .
mass fight broke out around 10pm friday at resorts world casino .     patrons at establishment next to jfk airport fought at bar opening .     video of the encounter - where patrons threw chairs - was tweeted .     police said four people were arrested and will be charged over fight .
councillor joseph o'riordan found guilty of attempting to murder his wife .     court heard attack occurred after he discovered her affair with the postman .     amanda o'riordan , 47 , in extra-marital relationship with married nick gunn .     postman mr gunn , 41 , had previous affairs with women on his rounds .
kate parker is the photographer and mother behind `` strong is the new pretty ''     the photo series shows her messy , wild daughters as they are , parker said .
dr. seuss ' new book , `` what pet should i get ? '' will have a first printing of 1 million copies .     the publisher released a never-before-seen image from inside the book by theodor geisel .
seb larsson banned for sunderland following yellow card vs newcastle .     jack rodwell will return for black cats following hamstring injury .     joe ledley to be given chance by crystal palace to prove fitness .     mile jedinak set to be included for eagles following four-match ban .
pennsylvania police officer lisa mearkle charged with criminal homicide .     stun gun took video of her fatally shooting david kassick , 59 , in the back .     mearkle , 36 , has claimed to authorities the shooting was act of self-defense .     her attorneys filed motion to prevent da from showing clip during hearing .     lawyer for kassick 's family said video ` leaves nothing to the imagination .
report claims ivan milat shot first victim years before backpacker murders .     the ` wrong man ' jailed for attack , which left milat free to kill , report says .     milat 's brother , boris , says he has kept the shocking secret for 52 years .     milat brutally murdered seven backpackers between 1989 and 1992 .     he is serving seven consecutive life sentences at goulburn supermax jail .
margaret tyler , 71 , has been collecting royal novelties for 40 years .     the retired charity worker has amassed a collection worth # 10,000 .     most of the items are novelties but there are more expensive pieces .     among them are a # 1,200 wedgwood bust of the prince of wales .     collection is spread through four rooms , one of which is devoted to diana .     the ` memorial room ' includes a special ceiling fresco and stained glass .     margaret tyler appears on collectaholics , tonight at 7pm on bbc2 .
cell phone footage has emerged appearing to show actor dennis quaid having a diva-esque meltdown on set .     ` this is the most unprofessional set i have ever been on , ' he screams .
sulinh lafontaine presented herself as a daredevil stunt driver who appeared in newly released blockbuster .     said in interview on cnn ireport at furious 7 premiere in hollywood that she was the only female stuntwoman driving cars .     the production , in fact , employed seven or eight female stunt drivers , but lafontaine was not one of them .     she only appeared as extra on the set in a crowd of 1,500 .
johanna basford released secret garden in 2013 which sold 1.5 m copies .     32-year-old 's second book enchanted forest has sold out within weeks .     mother-of-one said huge range of people enjoy her ` stress-relieving ' books .
british no 1 faces tomas berdych in the miami open semi-finals .     former coach dani vallverdu and now fitness trainer jez green left andy murray 's team to join up with the czech .     murray defeated berdych in a controversial australian open semi-final .
kenyan agency : 147 dead , plans underway to evacuate students and others .     garissa university college students wake to explosions and gunfire .     reports : gunmen storm the kenyan school , attacking christians and letting muslims go .
in august , junior doctors begin training as either a gp or a hospital doctor .     this year 29 % of gp training places are unfilled , compared with 8 % in 2013 .     doctors warn patients may struggle to see their gp as there is a shortage .     they say junior doctors worry they will be overworked as a gp .
warning : graphic content .     justin whittington , 23 , of bakersfield , california was taken into custody on thursday night on suspicion of child endangerment .     whittington was allegedly filmed hitting a toddler in the face so hard that he falls to the ground .     whittington is believed to be the boy 's father .
oliver minatel , a 22-year-old player from brazil , was attacked from behind , he says .     witnesses say suspect tried to choke him with the cord from his headphones .     team says forward is ok , will play saturday night ; suspect was taken for evaluation .
` screw ' was found in a stone by ufo researchers in kaluga region , russia .     the unusual object is said to be 300 million years old .     some think it 's proof aliens used to live on earth or a radical civilisation .     but it 's more likely to be a fossilised sea creature called a crinoid .
eamon sullivan proposed to girlfriend naomi bass in kyoto , japan .     the pair were out for an evening walk when he dropped to one knee .     proposal took place under a cherry blossom tree filled with white doves .     pair met in perth in 2011 , where they live with their three dogs .     sullivan previously dated fellow olympic swimmer stephanie rice .
the world has been paying tribute to richie benaud , the ` voice of cricket '     former australia captain and legendary cricket commentator died aged 84 .     in november , benaud revealed he was being treated for skin cancer .
yi qi is thought to have lived 160 million years ago during the late jurassic .     the dinosaur has an unusual bone sticking out of its wrist and had a membrane that covered it to form a wing much like that of a modern bat .     scientists say it is unlike any other dinosaur , which evolved into birds , and may have glided or even been able to fly by flapping over short distances .     the fossil was discovered by a farmer in qinglong county in north china .
davion only , 16 , captured hearts around the nation in 2013 when he made a plea in front of church congregation for a family to ` love him forever '     he was adopted by a minister in ohio but sent back into the system a few months later when he fought with one of the minister 's children .     in the next year he was shuttled between four different homes and four schools in florida before calling his old caseworker , connie bell going .     davion called and asked miss connie if she would adopt him last july .     going agreed , and in february they signed court papers to officially make davion her son , which should take effect april 22 .     ' i guess i always thought of you as my mom , ' davion said to going last december .
christopher furniss-roe , 8 , found hanged in his bedroom in south wales .     he had been sent to bed early for breaking younger sister 's beach bucket .     his father tried to save his life , but he died in hospital the following day .     coroner ruled it was a ` tragic accident ' and recorded the cause as hanging .     for confidential support on suicide matters in the uk , call the samaritans on 08457 90 90 90 , visit a local samaritans branch or click here .
officer michael slager 's mother says she could n't watch the video of the incident .     slager was fired earlier this week .     slager is charged with murder in the death of walter scott .
jordan spieth became the second youngest masters winner of all time .     his 18-under round was the joint-record and he led from start to finish .     spieth hailed the week at augusta as the most incredible of his life .     21-year-old admitted that the accolade had not quite sunk in yet .     justin rose praised spieth , saying he showed comfort playing with a lead .
commando says air transport was delayed for hours as al-shabaab forces slaughtered students .     on april 2 , 147 were killed at a university in garissa , kenya , most were students .
some complained about the film 's depiction of the iraq war .     a petition asked the university not to show the bradley cooper film .
pariah state may have 20 warheads not 10 as previous us forecasts held .     stockpile of weapons could grow to 50 or even 100 within next five years .     us military believes secretive country has ability to miniaturise warhead and mount it on ballistic missile , though there have been no such tests yet .
indian man , 41 , accused of posting insulting status about islamic prophet .     allegedly told police he wrote the status after watching footage of iraq war .     if found guilty he faces up to seven years in prison , a huge fine , or both .
cf-18 hornets bomb a garrison near isis ' de facto capital of raqqa , canada says .     the canadian military has conducted dozens of strikes against isis in iraq .
sean reardon was stopped by police on suspected drunk driving charges .     he claims once he got out of the car he was wrestled by two police .     mr reardon said he was beaten as he lay on the floor in chico , california .     said he suffered broken bones and ribs as well as breathing problems .
jonas bjorkman joined andy murray 's camp on an initial trial .     amelie mauresmo is due to give birth to her first child in august .     bjorkman will work with murray right through to the us open .     murray is in munich to compete in this week 's bmw open on clay .
hoesik is the korean tradition of eating and drinking together .     anthony bourdain travels to korea for the season five premiere of `` parts unknown ''
david nellist was caught on cctv attacking his dog coco in a restaurant .     he has been sentenced to two months in prison , suspended for 18 months .     nellist , of keswick , cumbria banned from keeping animals for five years .     the 38-year-old was caught after a neighbour heard the pet ` screaming '
paul is already under fire for his evolving views on iran , foreign aid to israel and defense spending .     why do n't we let me explain instead of talking over me , ok ? ' he asked the ` today ' host as she tried to corner him .     paul launched his presidential quest on tuesday in kentucky andis already on a five-state campaign swing .     he pinned his 2007 claim that iran was not a threat to the us on the fact that he was campaigning for his father 's presidential bid at the time .
manhattan district attorney concluded ` criminal charge is not supported '     63-year-old was accused of grabbing model at tribeca film center office .     father of five denied the claim but did face possible misdemeanor charges .     battilana , 22 , did n't cooperate with police for four days after allegation .     has been claimed delay was because she wanted to try and land a film role .
carla zampatti releases celebratory 50 year collection as part of spring/summer 2015-16 .     the collection unofficially kicks off mercedes benz fashion week .     dela goodrem , shanina shaik , kate waterhouse in attendance .
hundreds of desperate migrants have died attempting to cross the mediterranean in recent says .     and italians are alarmed that this year as many as a million migrants could arrive in europe .
kickstarter campaign claims to have developed way to sterilise planes .     bacteria can linger in aeroplanes for up to seven days .     there are no cleaning regulations for the interiors of aircraft .     robot created by father and son team arthur and mo kreitenberg .     project involves using uv light to kill bacteria .
carla suarez navarro advances to final of the miami open with win .     spaniard will play either serena williams or simona halep in final .     suarez navarro beats andrea petkovic in straight sets - 6-3 , 6-3 .
charlesetta taylor , 79 , may have her home of 70 years torn down by the city of st. louis .     this so the city can make way for a campus for the national geospatial-intelligence agency .     the city may also tear down 49 other homes to make sure the nga does not leave the city , and take the 3,000 jobs it provides .     there are three other sites being looked at that would not displace as many people .
tiffany williams and jessica versey became friends during treatment .     both posted images on facebook to celebrate going into remission .     but were ` upset ' to hear pictures were reported for being ` offensive '     19-year-old girls from chester had hodgkin lymphoma and leukemia .
a fan re-edited `` batman v. superman : dawn of justice '' trailer with classic scenes from older `` batman '' and `` superman '' tv and film .     adam west and christopher reeve replace ben affleck and henry cavill in the re-imagined trailer .
bernie ecclestone has urged lewis hamilton to consider a move to ferrari .     the 30-year-old has yet to put pen to paper on new contract with mercedes .     the brit will seek to to extend his 13-point lead at the bahrain grand prix .
artist and journalist alison nastasi put together the portrait collection .     also features images of picasso , frida kahlo , and john lennon .     reveals quaint personality traits shared between artists and their felines .
boy , 13 , arrested after deadly attack at secondary school in barcelona .     the teenager allegedly shot and killed a teacher using a crossbow .     teen had written a ` kill list ' of 25 teachers and students , classmates say .     two students and two teachers were injured in the attack this morning .     attack took place on 16th anniversary of columbine school massacre .
prasanna arulchelvam leapt into van as it sped away but was pushed out .     his head hit the ground with a ` nasty crunch ' and he died 11 days later .     a gang tried to steal cigarettes from the victim 's van before he gave chase .     all three have now been jailed , including the man who pushed mr prasanna .
ap mccoy finished well ahead of rivals in jump jockeys championship .     there is no-one on his shoulder , no-one breathing down his neck .     he will race at sandown for the last time before retiring on saturday .
the value of sales fell by 19.3 per cent to around # 14.5 million last year .     pale skin icons include the likes of keira knightley and cara delevingne .
created by designers maya pindeus , 24 , and johanna pichlbauer , 25 .     ` beautification ' machines apply eyeliner and lipstick to participants .     art project debuted at biennale internationale design saint-etienne 2015 .
tory leader 's wife makes first solo trip of the general election campaign .     jokes she is glad she is not taking part in tv leaders ' debate tomorrow .     visits rochester and strood to take on reckless who defected from tories .     pm david cameron vowed to kick his ` fat arse ' out of the commons .
ten physicians across the country have banded together to tell columbia they think having oz on faculty is unacceptable .     radiology professor says that he just wants oz to `` follow the basic rules of science ''     tv 's `` dr. oz '' holds a faculty position at columbia university 's college of physicians and surgeons .
dr margaret-ann rous and her husband david were flying to tiree to see her mother and sister .     their bodies were found inside wreckage after the plane dropped off radar .     couple married last july and were believed to be planning to start family .     dr rous 's sister johann has paid emotional tribute to her ` absolute rock '
jordan meikle stretches his muscles by barriers near canary wharf .     he lunges onto his knee and presents a ring from behind his back .     girlfriend kayleigh harris appears speechless by the sudden gesture .     after sealing the deal the 23-year-old carries on with the marathon .     video was uploaded to facebook and has been viewed 25,000 times .
animal liberation victoria activists who broke into wagner 's poultry farm .     activists found birds sick and dying in terrible living conditions .     hens were in such a bad state they had to be removed from the cages .     wagner 's poultry farm denied they had done anything unethical .     government department found no breaches under animal cruelty laws .
bayern lost 3-1 to porto in their champions league quarter-final first leg .     franz beckbauer criticised the team for playing as if on ` sleeping pills '     germany legend also said dante looked like he was wearing ` ski boots '
italian navy 's `` mare nostrum '' mission to rescue would-be migrants in peril rescued an estimated 100,000 people .     operation ended in october 2014 , but the tide of people trying to cross the mediterranean has not abated .     italy has borne brunt of task of picking up , sheltering and providing food and medical help to illegal migrants .
rafael ramos and wenjian liu were murdered on patrol in december .     their families threw out the ceremonial first pitch at the mets ' home opener .     they were joined by mayor de blasio , who was booed when introduced .     tom brady and ` american sniper ' widow tara kyle also threw first pitches .
splurge is equivalent to introducing a new law for every working day .     include diving into the thames without authority and hogging middle lane .     meanwhile other antiquated laws remain in force that are simply baffling .
josi harrison , laura lefebvre , and hailey walden were ` lured into taking naked pictures for their high school-age boyfriends ' in clatskanie , oregon .     the photos were ` passed around like baseball cards ' in 2009 .     but school officials told them to ` suck it up ' and warned they would be charged for ` creating and distributing child pornography '     now , 6 years later , they will each be paid $ 75,000 damages by the school .
raja , the king cobra , has delivered almost 500 milligrams of deadly toxin .     the snake , which is at gosford 's australian reptile park , weighs 8kg .     ` he 's about as thick as my legs , ' veteran handler billy collett said .     its venom will be distributed between research institutes across australia .
bi apologizes on social media : `` my personal speech has led to grave social consequences ''     chinese tv star filmed cursing the late chairman mao zedong .     making disrespectful references to china 's leaders in public is still taboo .
the little greek island of skopelos is known as the setting for mamma mia .     with no airport on the island , most visitors arrive by ferry from skiathos .     with small coves galore , skopelos is an ideal location for a week 's sailing .
boxes of cadbury 's fingers will contain two fewer chocolate fingers .     joins creme eggs , pg tips and john west tuna in goods getting smaller .     strategy allows manufacturers to increase profits without raising prices .     food industry experts believe shrinking ploy is becoming more common .
darren humphries threw mini eggs after drunkenly losing his temper .     defence said he was ` driven by the emotion of wanting to see his children '     he also threw a wheelie bin at estranged wife 's car in a separate incident .     humphries hurled expletives at magistrates when told of his sentence .
danielle davis of savannah , georgia looked to her faith after her husband brian nearly died seven months after they were married in 2011 .     doctors encouraged her to pull the plug but she refused and brian was eventually able to go home in her care .     three years of brian 's memories were wiped and he 's challenged by everyday task but continues to improve with danielle 's help .
for the most elite travellers , vacations are rarely planned far in advance .     there is an an emphasis on travel ` experiences , ' which happen on a whim .     a-list wedding and event planners from the us and uk share their stories .
sabrina broadbent tetzner escaped the colorado city , arizona fundamentalist mormon sect headed by warren jeffs eight years ago .     last week , the 32-year-old mother gained full custody of her four children , ages 8 to 13 .     when she tried to pick up the kids from their aunt 's house , she was physically barred by hundreds of cult members .     sheriff 's deputies had to take out a search warrant to reunite the mother with her two daughters and two sons .
taylor alesana of fallbrook , california took her own life on april 2 after being bullied because she was transgender .     the 16-year-old had a popular youtube channel in which she discussed her struggles and the bullying she faced .     she said in one ; ` i 've lost tons of friends , tons . and it 's been hell . i go to school every day , and i get my lunch and i sit down alone '     the north county lgbtq resource center said the young woman did not have the support she needed from her school and adults .     in one of her final videos she said ; ` my biggest advice to anyone who 's transgender and struggling ? you 're becoming yourself '     ` taylor was a beautiful and courageous girl , and all she wanted was acceptance , ' said the resource center in a statement .
teacher suggested german tanks should invade france to subdue pupils .     frenchwoman also alleged to have defended adolf hitler 's domestic record .     she has since been suspended from auguste remoir college in limoges .
clarkson was due to host satirical news show at the end of this month .     would have been first bbc appearance since dismissal from top gear .     however producers today confirmed he has withdrawn from show .
parents of audrie pott reach financial settlement with remaining two teens .     family made an agreement with one weeks ago after he ` showed remorse '     issued a lengthy apology as part of the wrongful death civil suit .     admitted the teenager was unconscious and did not consent at the time .     apologized for spreading rumors that ` served to shame and humiliate her '     during a hearing one of the boys said he ` missed audrie a lot '     pair will also have to give presentations on ` sexting ' and ` slut-shaming '     the trio stripped her naked , drew on her and attacked her during a party .
police called after women start throwing chairs in mass brawl at pontins .     ` all hell broke loose ' as 20 holidaymakers started fighting in southport .     a 26-year-old man was arrested following the fracas at the holiday park .
details of prince harry 's australian deployment have been released .     prince will arrive in canberra and will visit the australian war memorial .     he will then report for duty and will be in perth and darwin among others .     duties set to include bush patrols and ` indigenous engagement '     prince harry will briefly travel back later this month for gallipoli memorial .     34,000 britons and 8,700 australians killed during wwi campaign .
the draw for the europa league semi-finals was made in nyon , switzerland .     holders sevilla face fiorentina as they attempt to win it for a fourth time .     rafa benitez 's napoli , who play dnipro , could set up an all-italian final .     warsaw will play host to the europa league final on may 27 .
adam crapser , 39 , was issued with deportation papers by the department of homeland security in january and a hearing is set for april 2 .     the father-of-three arrived in america with the name shin sonh hyuk in 1979 around the age of three along with his biological sister .     however , his first set of adoptive parents abandoned him and the second set turned out to be abusive .     adding to crapser 's struggles , at no point did his guardians seek the green card or citizenship for him that they should have .
mother of four anna james has vowed to take her children to the festival .     mrs james , 32 , claims it is part of her ` religion , culture and heritage '     her children 's school has refused to give permission for their absences .     the ancient maypole festival is held every year in padstow , cornwall .     it is believed to be an ancient pagan ritual that heralds the arrival of spring .
mr miliband has started taking a lectern with him everywhere he speaks .     he has appeared behind the same silver lectern throughout the campaign .     the labour leader even spoke from behind a lectern in the middle of a field .     it is thought to be a strategy to make him look more like a prime minister .     he currently trails badly behind david cameron in personal ratings .     it has also emerged he has hired a ` performance coaching ' firm for help .
millions of asian hornets have colonised swathes of french countryside .     vicious insects mutilate honeybees and prey on beehives to feed young .     six people have died in france after suffering allergic reactions to sting .     ministers in britain have drawn up battle plans for any possible invasion .
carl thompson has put on an astonishing 30 stone in just three years .     while having always loved food his weight doubled when in 2012 .     the 32-year-old credits the death of his mother with his huge weight gain .     gorges on takeaways five nights a week and blows # 10 a day on chocolate .     mr thompson is now desperate to shed 45 stone after health warnings .
o'shae smith told judge lila statom that he shot a rival gang member for being ` in his hood ' last month .     statom told him east court lakes , the housing project where the shooting took place , belonged only to the hard-working people who live there .     the chattanooga area has been ravaged by gang violence .     statom said she wanted to show smith that the courtroom was an area he could n't intimidate or control .
the university of kentucky 's winning streak was brought to an end saturday night with a 71-64 loss to the university of wisconsin .     the wisconsin badgers will now play duke for the ncaa tournament title monday night - their first final since 1941 .     a crowd of more than a thousand gathered near uk 's lexington campus saturday night to mourn the loss .     police in riot gear arrested 31 people at that gathering on charges of public intoxication and disorderly conduct .
broad slipped in his delivery stride and was left clutching left ankle .     england bowler had complained about damp crease at warner park .     ground staff placed sand on the crease but broad slipped over next ball .     he required lengthy treatment on the field and an ice pack off it .     broad should be able to continue in practice match with st kitts team .     england loaned their hosts trott , ballance and bairstow for more practice .     trott was out for a duck off the bowling of team-mate james anderson .
manchester city lost 4-2 to rivals united at old trafford on sunday .     city manager manuel pellegrini accepted the blame for the defeat .     club sources say that pellegrini is unlikely to be axed before end of season .     patrick vieira is believed to be willing to step in as interim manager .
amir khan could be set to face manny pacquiao in abu dhabi , uae .     khan 's hopes of taking on floyd mayweather jr in las vegas have faded .     pacman 's promoter bob arum has a mega offer for a uae fight late in 2015 .     khan is a hero of the muslim world and his lure in the middle east is clear .     the brit will be ringside when the money man fights the pacman on may 2 .     khan must first win interim bout with chris algieri in new york on may 29 .
fbi is offering a $ 20,000 reward for information about bhadreshkumar chetanbhai patel 's whereabouts .     he allegedly killed his wife , palak bhadreskumar patel , on april 12 in hanover , maryland .     taxi driver told investigators she drove him to a hotel in newark , new jersey .     patel was last seen in surveillance footage at a best western near newark liberty international airport on april 13 .     police believe that he is still in the u.s. and is considered to be dangerous .
jenna marotta , 27 , suffered from dermatillomania , a psychosomatic disorder that caused her to obsessively pick at the skin on her face .     the new york-based writer said she used to spend up to four hours a day squeezing her skin in front of the bathroom mirror .     she developed the condition while trying to battle binge-eating addiction .     has now managed to overcome it - but sees psychiatrist ` to stay on track '
home where accused murderer vincent stanford , 24 , lived with his mother and elder brother is for sale for $ 179,000 .     the three-bedroom home , which features a tin-roof , is located on a quiet , leafy street home to families and pensioners .     it is now a hub of frantic activity , with forensics police seizing items of interest and checking for fingerprints .     mr stanford was arrested at the property on wednesday night after police found discrepancies in his alibi .     police reportedly discovered school keys believed to belong to bride-to-be alleged victim stephanie scott .     daily mail australia understands the family have rented the fibro property for a little more than a year .     an advertisement highlights the home 's appeal for local buyers seeking to escape the rental market .     ` why burn your money ? rent money is dead money ... -lrb- requires -rrb- just a small deposit & repayments '     ms scott 's body has not been found but police are scouring irrigation channels and the bush for clues .
victoria beckham was at the london marathon to cheer on her son romeo .     the star wore a pair of alaïa boots , which retail at approximately # 1,500 .     she was joined by husband david and sons brooklyn and cruz .
a new youneedabudget.com study found that 64 per cent of adults spend more money with friends due to peer pressure or the desire to show off .     the top items americans overspend on are food and clothing .     five per cent of those polled said they hide big purchases from their spouses or significant others .
manny pacquiao held a media workout at the famous wild card gym .     he is just over two weeks away from facing floyd mayweather on may 2 .     pacquiao will earn more than $ 120m from the richest fight in boxing .     but pacquiao says he is not materialistic and fights to please the fans .     ricky hatton : pacquiao has style but mayweather ` will find a way to win '
chris smalling has impressed for manchester united in recent weeks .     steven gerrard was poor at wembley , but liverpool will miss him next term .     bayern 's thomas muller led celebrations against porto with megaphone .     but do n't try it over here ; stewards in their yellow jackets would not like it .
mimi and joe lemay of massachusetts say their son jacob was never happy as a girl , adding that he has called himself a boy since he was two .     it took years and many emotional ups and downs before the couple finally decided to let him transition .     now attending a school where everyone knows him as a boy , jacob is the happiest and most outgoing he has ever been .
tv presenter said sister debbie had contacted family to say she was safe .     she said : ' i can barely speak and i 'm still quite numb . it 's an awful situation '     says her sister may have been airlifted from the mountain this morning .
hans-wilhelm muller-wohlfahrt has been working with paula radcliffe .     radcliffe admits she was close to pulling out of sunday 's london marathon .     the annual race will be radcliffe 's final competitive marathon of her career .     german doctor muller-wohlfahrt has previously worked with ronaldo .
the body of a new york woman was left dangling from a fire escape for more than an hour sunday after she hung herself .     the unnamed woman was discovered around 8.20 am sunday hanging from the third-floor fire escape of her apartment building .     one neighbor said the woman had mental health issues .
it is not unusual to see arsenal finish the season with good results .     arsenal host chelsea at the emirates stadium on sunday .     an arsenal win will not stop chelsea from becoming champions .     chelsea will not have it all their own way in the premier league next year .     no team is better placed than arsenal to dislodge jose mourinho 's side .     arsenal must go for it this summer and make the big additions .     fabian delph has been aston villa 's best player for the last 18 months .     other premier league clubs missed their chance to sign delph for free .
kate middleton is expecting her second child in the next week .     in her first pregnancy , she chose to cover up bump with stylish coats .     some choose comfort over style , while others ignore they 're pregnant at all .     kim kardashian remained glamorous in strappy heels and tight dresses .
rare tote is so exclusive that it ca n't even be brought in store .     experts say it 's an extremely good investment as only increases in value .     kim kardashian and victoria beckham are both fans of hermes .
geoff barrow said streaming services and record labels give music away .     added that young talents were being given a raw deal by companies .     artists have long complained of low royalties paid by likes of spotify .     taylor swift recently pulled all of her music off of the site in protest .
ship owned by king kamehameha ii , the second king of hawaii , sank off the coast of kauai in april 1824 .     shipwreck chaser richard rogers excavated site between 1995 and 2001 .     retrieved a boat whistle , a ring , utensils and a trumpet shell .     collection had been kept at the smithsonian .     has been delivered to kauai museum and will go on display later this year .
the reporter announced early march he would take time off due to tumour .     he made a brief return last night with his voice still recovering its strength .     mr robinson 's voice sounded weak and strained following his treatment .     the bbc political editor said he hoped to be back full-time ` fairly soon '
teenager was taken to hull royal infirmary with serious head injuries .     she has been named locally as leah price from the nottingham area .     her father witnessed the incident and alerted the emergency services .     police said the girl is still in a critical but stable condition this afternoon .
mercedes-benz fashion week australia 2015 came to a close on thursday night in sydney .     stand-out shows included maticevski , romance was born , tome , steven khalil and johanna johnson .     sheer and metallic fabrics and slouchy and voluminous silhouettes were recurring trends .
jack rivera , a new york trucker , captured the collision on his dashcam as he drove along the interstate 35e in texas last wednesday .     police said the driver in the suv , identified as laura michelle mayeaux , may have been intoxicated and trying to take her own life .     she was transported to baylor university medical center in dallas because of the injuries she sustained during the wreck .     her last known condition was reported as critical .     it is not known if mayeaux will face charges and the event remains under investigation .
roxanne jones : jury right to find hernandez guilty , but the waste of life for player and his victim is tragic .     she says nfl , patriots knew his troubled past , but could not have predicted his actions , and both handled case well .
pension firms said britons remain baffled about how radical changes work .     over-55s are now able to withdraw all or part of their pension pots .     some customers in their 20s have been trying to withdraw retirement savings , despite being three decades too young .     others do not know they face hefty tax bill if they remove all cash at once .
officer michael slager is being held at charleston county jail accused of murdering walter scott , shooting him eight times in the back .     slager 's wife jamie is eight and a half months pregnant .     ` he will not be allowed to see the child , ' major eric watson of the charleston county sheriff 's office tells daily mail online .     prisoners are not allowed access to the internet or mobile phone videos .     no date has yet been set for his first court appearance and his full trial date could more than a year away .     walter was stopped for allegedly having a faulty center stop light at the bottom of his rear windscreen .     family tell says the light was an accessory and both mandatory stop lamps were functioning .
goncalo amaral claimed in book couple were involved in disappearance .     mccanns told court they were left ` devastated and crushed ' by allegations .     the couple also accuse amaral of hampering the search for their daughter .
more than 70 animals were found living in disgusting conditions in arizona .     one cat was found dead and many were suffering with medical problems .     belonged to john koepke who is banned from keeping any pets until may .     he is now facing charges of failing to provide shelter and veterinary bills .
cctv camera captured a man in a hoodie dragging woman 's limp body from car parked at 131st street and jamaica avenue in queens saturday .     woman was left slumped on the sidewalk for 20 minutes until paramedics arrived and took her to a hospital .     she was placed on a ventilator and remains in critical but stable condition with leg injuries .
snp leader challenges miliband to respond to her offer of help after may 7 .     sturgeon says she will put labour in power even if tories win more seats .     warns the clock is ticking on her offer to help miliband get into no. 10 .
sol campbell has put his flat in chelsea on the market for # 6.75 million .     he bought the property in 2011 and it has been renovated by his wife fiona .     former england footballer is an outspoken critic of labour 's mansion tax .     campbell , 40 , sold his # 20million london townhouse earlier this year .
jessica knight loves eating carpet underlay and furniture stuffing .     she also snacks on sand and rocks even though parents try to stop her .     family now give her a purse full of sponge to control her cravings .     jessica suffers from rare condition pica but doctors say they ca n't treat her until she is six years old .
american women look to celebrities for hair inspiration , often uneducated about the potential dangers of beauty procedures .     many celebrities who wear weaves , such as beyonce , selena gomez and paris hilton , could be doing serious damage to their hair .     jennifer aniston , sandra bullock and jennifer lopez were revealed as having the three most popular celebrity hairstyles .
protein world 's billboard features a svelte bikini-clad model asking ` are you beach body ready ? '     the advertising campaign is facing a massive backlash with vandalised posters , a petition and a protest rally .     now head of marketing richard staveley revealed the company has even had bomb threats over the ad .     but he added it had been ' a brilliant campaign ' and protein world had no plans to change it any time soon .
greenstone acts like a booster for so-called wireless mesh networks .     it currently works with open garden 's firechat ` off-the-grid ' firechat app .     both use an ios feature called multipeer connectivity framework -lrb- mcf -rrb- .     instead of sending messages using a mobile signal , the free app and gadget create a localised network where each mobile becomes a ` node '
the young boy 's face appeared on milk cartons all across the united states .     patz 's case marked a time of heightened awareness of crimes against children .     pedro hernandez confessed three years ago to the 1979 killing in .
aston villa have a chance of fa cup glory after reaching the final .     a few months ago the midlands club only had survival to contend with .     the aston villa squad can write the next chapter in the club 's history .
eight year investigation claims thousands had organs removed in china .     banned religious group falun gong is key target , documentary claims .     just 37 registered organ donors in china but country has the world 's second highest rate of transplants .     one surgeon is said to have removed corneas from 2,000 living people .     chinese government denies allegations claiming donors are volunteers .
liz clark , 34 , was working as a bartender in her hometown of san diego , california .     but a professor suggested she use his boat to live out her dream and sail around the world .     ten years later , liz is determined to continue her adventure , although she admits it can be lonely .     she sails alone in a cal 40 sailboat , and has travelled about 25,000 nautical miles to date .
tyler macniven , who won the ninth season of the amazing race , filmed a save the date for his upcoming wedding .     in the video , macniven and his fiancee kelly hennigan battle friends and in the end escape one very large explosion .     the couple 's wedding will be on september 26 , 2015 , though the video fails to say where the ceremony will take place .
experts have raised red flags about the warming of planet by 2 degrees celsius .     john sutter : this one little number is significant as a way to focus world 's attention on problem .
cyclist wang pingan had his cycle stolen just days before completing an epic ride around china .     locked bike was stolen outside an electronics market in shenzhen , guandong province .     wang had vowed to complete his journey by foot , but police managed to recover it against the odds .
arsenal have a chance at the premier league title if chelsea throw it away .     the gunners are on a terrific run of 15 wins in 17 since january 2 's loss .     the two defeats in this spell were at tottenham and at home to monaco .     these were the two key games all arsenal fans desperately wanted to win .     read : arsenal have exactly the same record in league as last season .     click here for all the latest arsenal news .
the pets wear tulle wedding dresses and tuxedos with bow ties .     couples are given marriage certificates after ` exchanging vows '     wedding is organised to promote a social media app designed for pets .     no expense spared as pooches arrived in bmws and a stretch hummer .
lucas hinch , who runs an herb and tea shop in colorado springs , said he 'd simply had enough of the computer 's ` blue screen of death '
lynn , from chippenham , has scoliosis and hip dysplasia .     with 305 mobility in her hips , moving hurts and she uses a wheelchair .     tried for three years to conceive baby daughter libby .
matthew weathers tricked his class at biola university in california .     pretends to be embarrassed by help video recorded back to front .     suddenly begins arguing with his virtual self on the video screen .     a virtual fight ensues before rogue teacher steals the id of real one .
roy day , 29 , and gerald lundie , 26 , stole # 160,000 worth of luxury cars .     the pair hit 13 properties in four counties while their owners slept at home .     finally caught , after a high-speed chase , when dna found in a crashed car .     each jailed for five years and four months at birmingham crown court .
george kirby and doreen luckie from eastbourne will be oldest newlyweds .     pair with combined age of 195 smash the previous guinness world record .     lived together for 27 years they have had 15 grandchildren between them .
bill prady has written a pilot episode to pitch to advertisers .     filming will start in burbank , california , next weekend .     new series set to see return of kermit , fozzie bear , gonzo and animal .     first episode revolves around luring an upset miss piggy back to the cast .     it has been 17 years since the last muppets tv series ended .
silvia , from new york , developed a non-food craving while pregnant .     the eating disorder , called pica , makes people crave inedible items .     both she and partner estevan are worried about what it will do to the baby .
bbc one 's poldark ended with a tear-jerking cliffhanger last night .     fans have taken to twitter to complain about ` withdrawal symptoms '     the second series of the hit drama starts filming this autumn .     this sunday 's poldark slot will be filled by sheridan smith 's the c-word .     luckily for turner fans , his new film the secret scripture is out this year .
peta release campaign accusing aussie shearers of mistreating sheep .     the victorian farming federation launched official complaint on monday .     the advert shoes vegan guitarist jona weinhofen holding severed lamb .     peta later admitted the lamb was in fact a prop made of foam .     minister barnaby joyce has defended wool industry calling the ad ` rubbish '
` egg thief lizards ' preserved in rock for 75 million years were studied .     university of alberta experts said differences in size and shape of tail bones enable male and female small feathered dinosaurs to be sexed .     males have long ` chevron ' bones so they can wiggle their feathered tails seductively to woo mates , while females have shorter bones in their tails .
kamal criticised umpires ' decision to award controversial no-ball against rohit sharma in india 's world cup match with bangladesh .     the bangladeshi president alleged india had used its influence in the icc .     governing body asked him to withdraw his statement or apologise .     but kamal confirmed his intention to step down .
winds swept the ocean foam off lashing waves before mixing it with sand from the shore line .     the result was a bizarre and grotesque yellow , thick , jelly-like foam substance which coated the entire beach .     it stretched more than 15 metres up avoca beach in the central coast and onto the pathways and shrubbery .     sylvia freedman , who was holidaying there when the storm hit , captured the strange phenomenon on her camera .
hafeez bhatti and his wife khalida were verbally abused on a sydney train .     the couple said they will be pressing charges when the woman is identified .     ` she touched my wife 's head , that is one issue that i will raise , ' he said .     the islamic couple are preparing a statement for queensland police .     police sources confirmed an investigation ` definitely ' underway .     the identity of the ranter remains unknown .
shanna mccormick was 27.5 st and had life-threatening asthma attacks .     was engaged to her partner who feared she would die in her sleep .     miss mccormick decided to put off the wedding to lose weight over 2 years .     lost 16.5 st with meal replacements and has now set a date for the wedding .
chelsea have a successful academy playing in the fa youth cup final .     but as yet there have been few graduates into the blues first-team side .     jose mourinho has pledged to bring players through but issued a warning .     portuguese coach says he can not absorb all young players into his squad .     ruben loftus-cheek has been promised a chance , plus two to four more .     chelsea recruit youth from around the world for profit and their squad .
machines are used around the world for sorting luggage onto conveyors .     video shows swift and powerful mechanical arm separating suitcases .     similar to the ` parallel pusher ' developed by leading dutch company .
andaz liverpool street is built on the site of the bethlehem hospital which housed the mentally ill .     dating back to 1247 , most people will know the institution by the name ` bedlam '     these days it 's a swanky celebrity-baiting hotel with 267 rooms and celebrity guests including beyonce and lil kim .     four of the king rooms are decorated with mesmerising murals created by artists .     hotel hosts a candlelit dinner in its 1901 restaurant once a month .
scar booth allows users to superimpose cuts and bruises onto their selfies .     app boasts that your friends will think you 've suffered a ` painful beating '     anti-violence charities have slammed it for making a mockery of abuse .
sudan is one of a handful of northern white rhinos left worldwide .     as the only male , the fate of the subspecies rests on his ability to conceive with two females at a conservancy .     experts are trying various ways , including in vitro fertilization .
airport bosses say re-branding in china has already brought more tourists .     if hs2 is built the hub could also be renamed ` birmingham london airport '     london would be 38 minutes away , ten minutes further than heathrow .
face wipes have long been a lazy part of our daily beauty regimes .     but a new generation of wipes promises to retexturise and brighten skin .     dr nick lowe and lauren libbert decided to put them to the test .
father-of-four gavin thorman , 36 , was kingpin of a violent drugs gang .     drugs worth # 200,000 seized by police following five year investigation .     planned to spend ill-gotten money on new teeth , liposuction and a facelift .     he has been jailed for 12 years after admitting conspiracy to supply drugs along with 25 other defendants involved in the north wales-based group .     gavin thorman , 36 , of no fixed abode but formerly of caernarfon , pleaded guilty to conspiring to supply cocaine and cannabis - 12 years .     james dylan davies , 41 , of cae mur , caernarfon , guilty to supplying cocaine - jailed eight years and six months .     richard broadley , 34 , formerly of caernarfon and now of tarporley close , stockport , guilty to supplying cocaine and cannabis - jailed six years and eight months .     adam roberts , 33 , of lon eilian , caernarfon , guilty to supplying cocaine and cannabis - jailed for eight years .     christopher taylor , 29 , of pool street , caernarfon , guilty to supplying cocaine and cannabis - jailed for eight years and three months .     dylan rees hughes , 30 , of glan peris , caernarfon , guilty to supplying cocaine and cannabis - jailed for nine years .     jonathan white , 32 , of caernarfon , pleaded guilty to supplying cannabis and having an imitation gun , found guilty of supplying cocaine after a trial - 11 years .     gavin rees hughes , 29 , of ty 'n lon , llandwrog , caernarfon , guilty to supplying cocaine - six years and eight months .     martin taylor , 26 , of pool street , caernarfon , guilty to supplying cannabis - 40 months .     gethin ellis , 23 , of cae bold , caernarfon , guilty to supplying cocaine and cannabis - four years .     paul hughes , 36 , of lon nant , caernarfon , guilty to supplying cocaine and cannabis - four years and eight months .     martin shaw , 32 , of llanberis road , caernarfon , guilty to supplying cannabis - 20 months .     dawn williams , 47 , of lon eilian , caernarfon , allowing premises to be used for supply of cocaine and cannabis - 14 months .     julian williams , 40 , of lon eilian , caernarfon , guilty to allowing premises to be used for supply of cocaine and cannabis - 40 weeks .     yasmin owen , 25 , of church drive , caernarfon , guilty to money laundering - 12 months .     ryan williams , 34 , of caer saint , caernarfon , entering arrangement concerning criminal property - three and a half years .     nicole herbert , 30 , of llanddeiniolen , caernarfon , guilty to money laundering - 10 months suspended for 18 months .     rizwan hussain , 28 , of rochdale and formerly of caernarfon , found guilty of supplying cannabis after trial - six years .     james whitworth , 30 , of manchester , pleaded guilty to cannabis , found guilty of supplying cocaine after trial - 12 years .     anthony ferguson , 20 , of tweedle hill road , blackley , manchester , guilty of supplying cocaine and cannabis - six years and eight months .     gregory appleby , 20 , of bromfield paark , middleton , manchester , guilty of supplying cannabis - two years .     ian ogden , 26 , of hesford avenue , moston , manchester , guilty to supplying cannabis - 16 months .     samuel hughes , 34 , of white moss road , blackley , manchester , guilty to supplying cannabis - 18 months .     jake crookes , 23 , of selston road , blackley , manchester , guilty to supplying cannabis - 16 months .     patrick tynan , 23 , of alconbury walk , blackley , manchester , guilty to supplying cocaine and cannabis - four years .     anthony hunt , 30 , of rudston avenue , manchester , guilty to supplying cannabis - 16 months .
the 31-year-old was seen enjoying an early evening run in the sunshine .     she sported a blue vest and shorts and appeared to clutch a set of keys .     miss middleton is preparing to take part in a 54-mile charity bike ride .     previously told how she sticks to ` wholesome carbs ' to prepare for races .
letourneau and vili fualaau will speak to barbara walters in a 20/20 interview that will air this friday .     letourneau and fualaau started a sexual relationship when she was his sixth-grade teacher and she fell pregnant with his child when he was 13 .     she served a few months in jail and fell pregnant with his second child within weeks ; she was then sent back to prison for seven years .     but a year after her release in 2004 , they married and are still together .     their now - teenage daughters will join them for the interview .
shelly sterling has been awarded most of the nearly $ 3 million she had sought to be returned .     her lawyers successfully argued that money used to buy v. stiviano a house , luxury cars and stocks was her community property .     stiviano 's lawyer had argued the gifts were made when donald and shelly sterling were separated .     ruling comes nearly a year after stiviano 's recording of donald sterling making racially offensive remarks that cost him ownership of the clippers .     shelly had filed the suit about a month before the recording of donald telling stiviano not to associate with black people created an uproar .
juventus keeper gianluigi buffon says he has no plans to retire soon .     italy international says he will be the first to bow out when his level slips .     but feels it would be a waste to retire now because he is still playing well .
55 decomposed greyhound carcasses have been found in queensland .     a 64-year-old woman and 71-year-old man have been charged .     it is thought the site is common ` dumping ground ' for greyhounds .     they were charged after police found a .22 calibre gun in their home .     police have not confirmed that microchips were found alongside the dogs .
southampton manager ronald koeman wants to stay on at st mary 's .     dutchman says he would even turn down real madrid and barcelona .     southampton face former manager mauricio pochettino on saturday .     the ex-saints boss quit in the summer to take charge of tottenham .
manchester city have slipped to fourth in the premier league table .     sergio aguero may look elsewhere should city continue to struggle .     argentine striker has scored 19 premier league goals so far this season .     manuel pellegrini 's future as city boss is also in doubt .     real madrid and barcelona are both fans of the former atletico madrid star .
shrewsbury and telford hospitals nhs trust paid the huge figure .     equates to # 183 an hour and is double to going rate for a neurologist .     hospital said temporary staff have to be used to cover staffing shortfalls .
french actress is filmed , photographed and judged as she ` ages '     mother-of-two is followed throughout her day showing effects of fatigue .     public guess her age based on photos to promote new garnier face cream .
on four occasions , grey seals were spied eating porpoises they had killed .     although killer seas are known to lurk in the waters off the continent , this is the first time they have been seen around britain .     the footage , the first in the world , was shot by a wildlife cruise company , off the coast of pembrokeshire .
restaurant owner sandy dee hall , 34 , and his girlfriend maxine cher , 24 , adopted smokey da lamb after he was abandoned by his mother .     the lamb has been living with sandy in his lower east side apartment and the couple have been providing him with round-the-clock care .     in honor of their new pet , sandy removed all lamb dishes from the menu at his manhattan restaurant .
white house said today that jeremy bernard would depart after a state dinner next month , confirming rumors he 'd soon exit the administration .     first lady offered a glowing review of bernard 's tenure , saying she was ` lucky to have such a talented individual on my team ' and a ` lifelong friend '     he is moving back to california ` to think about what 's next and spend some quality time with garbo , my rescue beagle '     white house has not yet named a replacement .
anchor said that he ` made eye contact ' with egyptian government soldier on horse when the tahrir square protests became violent .     williams told jon stewart that soldier then beat protesters with whip .     doubts raised about whether he was actually on the square in early 2011 .     his dispatches from the time of the uprising were done at balcony above it .     nbc committee investigating williams is reportedly looking at the incident .     review of his reporting continues after iraq experiences were inflated .
substitute ishmael miller scores 89th-minute equaliser for huddersfield .     sergiu bus had put sheffield wednesday ahead three minutes earlier .
a bed is kept in the archers studio to help with realistic sex scenes .     scriptwriter said bed is is vital for convincing post-coital conversations .     he added that parties in fictional ambridge are limited to nine attendees because of budget constraints .
steven naismith has worked with the likes of job centre plus , dyslexia scotland and the whitechapel centre in liverpool .     28-year-old has given back to communities that have supported him .     everton forward teamed up with job centre plus to offer unemployed fans the opportunity to watch the club this season .
veteran espn reporter shelley smith is set to return to work six months after announcing she had breast cancer .     she will make her first appearance on april 30 , just before the nfl draft , . interviewing heisman trophy winner marcus mariota .     after that she will return for five more rounds of chemotherapy .
north korean leader climbed highest peak to speak to troops .     kim jong-un said the hike was ` more powerful than nuclear weapons '     took photo with troops on summit before visiting army base .
broga yoga targets its classes specifically at men with more ` rugged ' workout .     the company trademarked the catchy term in 2009 and its popularity quickly spread .     the training and licensing of instructors began in 2012 .     there are now more than 200 broga yoga instructors in the u.s.     crunch , david barton gyms and equinox are among the facilities offering yoga towards for men .
michigan micro mote is a complete computer system less that 5mm across .     contains solar cells that power the battery with ambient light .     can be equipped with cameras , temperature and pressure sensors .
rory mcilroy faced with fifty shades of grey 's jamie dornan .     mcilroy and dornan took part in the first circular soccer showdown of 2015 .     mcilroy finished strongly to finish an impressive fourth at the masters .     read : it wo n't be too long before mcilroy wins a masters .
the president took a jab at the wisconsin governor during an interview with npr morning edition host steve inskeep .     obama was responding to walker 's claims that he 'd ` absolutely ' cancel or ` disown ' a deal with iran on ` day one ' if elected to higher office .     jab at walker departed from the white house 's general strategy of staying out of the race to replace the sitting president .     walker fired back on twitter : ` americans would be better served by a president who spent more time working with governors & congress rather than attacking them '     obama defended the informal agreement his administration made with iran and the shift toward cuba , which it may take of its list of terrorist countries .
andrew getty 's death appears to be from natural causes , police say , citing coroner 's early assessment .     in a petition for a restraining order , getty had written he had a serious medical condition .     police say this is not a criminal matter at this time .
an april fools day prank involving fireworks resulted in an apartment fire near the grand valley state university in michigan .     a girl allegedly threw a lit firework at a roommate , which landed in a laundry hamper , and set the contents on fire .     no one was hurt and the girl is not expected to face charges .
election candidates failed to check spelling , punctuation and grammar .     derek tanswell and sharon snook 's leaflet said ukip will protect ` boarders '     teacher , who helps children born abroad with their english , responded by circling mistake and said : ' i think you mean borders '     mr tanswell left lib dems last month and claims they are behind leaflet .
the dog named foxxy cleopatra jumps around excitedly .     while the reptile called ryuu appears to be disinterested .     suddenly the bearded dragon starts chasing after the dog .     video maker said the pair ` seriously love to play together '
1,500 people are attending the touching ceremony at cologne cathedral .     among them are 500 relatives of those who died in germanwings crash .     the doomed plane was ` deliberately ' crashed by its ` depressed ' co-pilot .     cardinal woelki has urged compassion for all victims , including lubitz .
zoe gregory , 26 , hijacked pupil 's email and threatened to blow up school .     holly littlefield , 16 , was arrested and held in a police cell for 14 hours .     another pupil was arrested because she had access to the email account .     married mother-of-two gregory is now likely to receive a lengthy jail term .
no-more-pms diet consists of anti-inflammatory foods and nutrients .     the eating plan was devised by naturopathic doctor lara briden .     research indicates that pms is caused by unhealthy hormone receptors .     health of hormone receptors is impaired by chronic inflammation .     stress , smoking , and eating certain foods are all causes of inflammation .     cutting inflammatory foods can result in dramatic improvement in pms .
henry rayhons , 78 , is preparing to stand trial in iowa for sexually assaulting his wife donna lou rayhons .     suffering from dementia and alzheimers , she had been moved into a nursing home by her daughters from a previous marriage last year .     doctors had told rayhons that his wife of seven years was no longer mentally capable of legally consenting to have sex .     he ignored the request and charges were filed against him days after his wife died last august .     rayhons faces 10 years in prison if he is found guilty of sexual abuse charges .
cloned camel was born in 2009 and called inzaz , which means achievement .     she was cloned from ovarian cells and born by surrogate mother .     injaz is now six years old and is said to have conceived naturally .     she 's expected to give birth late this year , proving cloned animals ' fertility .
women competed on same course as men and on same day for first time .     the women 's race has been held since 1927 further up river at henley .     oxford university women 's rowing team beat cambridge on historic day .     and male colleagues won for the third time running in the 161st race .
rye silverman , from los angeles , was chosen as one of the brand 's monthly fashion truth campaign stars .     the 32-year-old comedian often posts pictures of herself wearing modcloth clothing on the brand 's open fashion forum , which is how she was spotted .
patrick bamford was crowned the championship player of the year .     the starlet has scored 19 goals for middlesbrough this season .     chelsea loaned bamford out and he dreams of wearing the blue shirt .
anyone ` inciting ' extreme thinness faces prison and fines of up to # 7,000 .     new law voted through by mps to prevent the ` vicious circle of anorexia '     condition affects 40,000 people in france and has very high mortality rate .
ap mccoy takes his final rides before retirement at sandown racecourse .     jockey is hoping to ride all the way to the end if he gains extra rides .     it had been thought mccoy would retire after the bet365 gold cup feature .     but , the 19-time champion is hoping to secure himself further mounts .
parents of miracle baby sonit awal overjoyed as infant pulled from rubble .     father dragged rocks away with his bare hands to try and free the boy .     infant was saved by a cupboard that fell , protecting him from aftershocks .     mum rasmila has thanked ` god and the rescuers ' for saving her child .
biologists at goethe university frankfurt , germany , studied skin healing in fruit fly embryos using an electron microscope to watch what happened .     skin cells use microscopic tubes to pull towards each other and interlock .     researchers hope it may help develop new treatments to speed up healing .
eden hazard will make his 100th league appearance for chelsea on sunday .     the belgian 's form dipped when roberto di matteo left the club .     but jose mourinho 's return helped take hazard to another level .     the midfielder has slowly bought into the dressing room culture .     initially he was one of the first to leave the training ground .     in time , he could rival gianfranco zola as the club 's greatest player .
michael bisping beating cb dollaway on points in montreal during ufc 186 .     manchester 's bisping was given the nod 29-28 by all three of the judges .     bisping said after the fight that dolloway was tougher than he anticipated .
girl identified as joselyn alejandra niño was stuffed in a beer cooler .     picture of her body was uploaded before it was dismembered .     she gained notoriety when a an image of her holding a rifle circulated .     two assassins , or ` sicarias ' , before her are behind bars .
transport for london used actors in the uncomfortable campaign video .     encourages women to report sexual harassment on public transport .     one in ten londoners have fallen victim and 90 % of cases are not reported .
novak djokovic beat andy murray 7-6 4-6 6-0 in florida on sunday .     djokovic won the first set tie-break 7-3 after each player broke serve twice .     murray claimed the second set 6-4 , breaking djokovic with the final game .     the serbian raced away in the final set to claim his fifth miami open title .     murray rises to world no 3 for making the final in key biscayne , florida .     serena williams beat carla suarez navarro 6-2 6-0 in the women 's final .
more people have been displaced than live in moscow ; more people lost their homes than live in greater boston .     the wfp has cut food ration sizes by 30 % for lack of donations .
manny pacquiao 's conference call with boxing writers was cancelled .     question and answer session had to be postponed due to technical issues .     pacquiao responded to one question in what was supposed to be his last media event before travelling to las vegas for may 2 fight .
jack black the friendly jackdaw is a welcome resident in penryn , cornwall .     one fan has set up a facebook page for him which has 450 members .     they share pictures , videos and stories about jack and his adventures .
tinder only displays the last 34 photos - but users can easily see more .     firm also said it had improved its mutual friends feature .
kerrie armitage , 28 , from leeds , suffers from an allergy to water .     external exposure to water - rather than drinking liquid - causes a reaction .     condition also means sweating or crying can trigger a painful flare-up .     also suffers from exercise-induced anaphylaxis , so has put on weight .
the ` very blokey joke book ' by jake harris contains highly offensive joke .     the quip is about a man watching his wife being beaten up by friends .     shocked twitter users branded it ` horrific ' and ` staggeringly offensive '     the clothing brand have said they will withdraw the book from stores .     last may the brand was also criticised for misogynistic merchandise .     the merchandise featured a gag for women designed to look like a football illustrated with a man putting his fingers in his ears .
openly-gay high school junior , anthony martinez , had reached his wits ' end trying to find a ` boy date '     in a bid to find a suitor for his may 2 dance in nevada , he tuned to twitter .     he was over-joyed when his straight guy friend , jacob lescenski , stepped in to fill the spot .     he was even more touched when his guy pal came up with an extra special promposal idea which has since garnered global attention .
hearts have already secured promotion to the scottish top flight .     robbie neilson believes it is inevitable clubs will come in for his players .     he insists he will only sell them if it is the right move for the club .     hearts play rangers on sunday and could help their rivals hibernian .
henley and partners 's visa restrictions index calculates travel freedom .     it is based on the number of countries citizens can visit visa-free .     the best passports include those from finland , usa , germany and the uk .     lowest ranking countries include iraq , afghanistan and pakistan .
coles ordered to pay $ 2.5 million in penalties after lying to shoppers .     their marketing slogan ` made today , sold today ' deemed as misleading .     the products were par baked from overseas and shipped months later .     coles also ordered to display a federal court corrective notice in stores .
s.e. cupp : clinton making women central to outreach , but she should really focus on men .     in 2014 election , overplaying to one gender failed -- particularly with `` war on women ''
two bmw drivers violently clashed after a road rage row in east london .     a 25-year-old motorist rammed fellow driver who had stripped in street .     he was arrested on suspicion of actual bodily harm and has been bailed .     video shows shirtless man punching fellow motorist through car window .
jon bon jovi has sold his new york city apartment for $ 37.5 million .     the new jersey native bought the soho pad in 2007 for $ 24million , and initially listed it at $ 42million .     the 7,500-square-foot penthouse in soho comes fully furnished .     there are three outdoor terraces , five bedrooms and two kitchens .
bunny girl eve stratford , 22 , found with her neck sliced at her leyton home .     six months later , lynne weedon , 16 , murdered near her home in hounslow .     murders were linked in 2007 when matching dna was found on the victims .     police have offered # 40,000 reward in a bid to bring their killer to justice .
celebrities and music fans gathered in the southern california desert for the annual music and arts festival .     this year 's musical acts include ac/dc , drake , florence and the machine , alt-j and toro y moi .     festival runs in two weekends including april 10-12 and april 17-19 .
jane laut , 57 , stands accused of shooting dead her bronze medalist shot-putter husband dave laut in august 2009 .     laut claims self-defense while prosecutors say she 's a murderer -- however , they were unable to get a case together by the time of the trial .     when a california judge threw out the prosecution 's request again delay the several times postponed trial , they dropped the charges and refiled .     the defense calls the maneuver an unprofessional delay tactic almost unheard of in a murder case .
far-right afrikaner resistance movement fighting for separate white state .     recruit , 15 , says : ` you can not mix nations . i do n't have black friends '     youths subjected to vile racist indoctrination by apartheid-era leaders .     they are told : ` we look different . they have thick lips . we have thin lips '
nasa has been testing a flexible wing on a plane in california .     the wing can bend from -2 degrees up to 30 degrees .     technology means that regular flaps are n't needed - and it is much lighter .     it could increase fuel efficiency 12 % and reduce noise 40 % .
mario gomez has been linked with a move to la liga giants barcelona .     however gomez insists he would reject a transfer to the nou camp .     the striker joined fiorentina in 2013 for a fee believed to be over # 17m .
byron schlenker and daughter emily , 14 , are both world record holders .     47-year-old from syracuse , new york , has tongue wider than an iphone 6 .     is now a celebrity in hometown since winning guinness world record crown .
barcelona outclassed psg to win 3-1 in the champions league quarters .     neymar scored the opener after brilliant work from lionel messi .     luis suarez netted a fabulous second half double for luis enrique 's side .     gregory van der wiel 's deflected effort gave psg some hope .
the cafe is named cats and people and is based in moscow .     customers can bring their own cat or rent one while they are there .     all of the cats were rescued and have been vaccinated and chipped .     the cafe was influenced by cat-friendly establishments in far-eat asia .
robbie fowler picked dream team based on players from his era .     former liverpool star named manchester united legend peter schmeichel .     ex arsenal midfielder patrick vieira picked over steven gerrard .     fowler named marco van basten as his strike partner in starting xi .     gary neville was a late exclusion from fowler 's line-up .
carolina sandretto focuses on the crumbling buildings many cubans live in together .     the maze-like `` solares '' often include separate families under one roof .
benidorm officials said the resort was applying to reinvent its own image .     ` it 's a symbol of harmonious coexistence , ' says sociology professor .     mayor agustín navarro said ` it 's the best-designed city of the med '
sarah grimes accused kristen saban , daughter of alabama football coach nick saban , of brutally beating her after a night of drinking in 2010 .     in her suit , grimes said the sorority sisters were arguing over a boy when saban posted on facebook : ` no one likes sarah , yayyyyy !     grimes claimed saban left her with a broken nose and a concussion .     saban argued it was grimes who attacked her and left her bleeding .     grimes ' lawsuit was set for trial in early august ; both women now will have to pay their own legal costs .
the scale of influence unite holds is chilling given what it seeks to impose .     it remains addicted to the failed socialist policies of britain 's past .     mr mcclusky denies holding too much power over labour 's ed miliband .
police are still attempting to locate suspect jalin smith-walker , 19 .     video uploaded this week shows the teen getting into a fight with a fellow 19-year-old in a muskegon , michigan street .     the fight takes a turn when smith-walker gets into her car and then runs over her victim before speeding off down the street .     this is apparently smith-walker 's second arrest in recent months for a crime involving her car .     in december , smith-walker was arrested for allegedly dragging a mall security officer with her car after he tried to stop her for shoplifting .
boston police officer john moynihan is released from the hospital .     video shows that the man later shot dead by police in boston opened fire first .     moynihan was shot in the face during a traffic stop .
andy hornby is in charge of the disgraced online company pharmacy 2u .     it was revealed yesterday that service has been selling nhs patients ' data .     many of which are the most vulnerable in society , who are ill or disabled .     there are calls for him to step down and condemned for selling on details .
looming threat of al-shabaab has terrified students and teachers in kenya .     terror group massacred 147 at kenyan university last week .
thomas bjorn 's wayward shot flew into crowd of spectators .     ball flew into lap of female fan but was able to take free drop .     tom watson hit shot of the day from greenside bunker .     masters 2015 golf : friday 's tee-off times at augusta national .     click here to follow the day two masters 2015 action .
matej vydra opened the scoring with his fifth goal in seven matches .     watford could not hold on after marco motta gave away a penalty .     he was shown a straight red card and darren bent scored the spot kick .     in the second half , tom ince scored to complete derby 's comeback .     watford were n't finished though , and odion ighalo levelled at 2-2 .
detroit tigers pitcher justin verlander snapped a selfie in front of an unsuspecting little boy wearing the player 's shirt in line at a starbucks .     verlander uploaded the photo to instagram saying the fan was ` pretty surprised ' when he turned around .     the photo has gotten more than 16,000 ` likes ' and 600 comments .
manuel pellegrini 's position has come under scrutiny at manchester city .     patrick vieira is in charge of the champion 's elite development squad .     the former arsenal star is well equipped to become a top manager .
mateo musacchio fractured fibula and dislocated ankle during getafe draw .     santi cazorla tweeted : ' a lot of best wishes to my friend mateo '     arsenal midfielder cazorla and musacchio played together at villarreal .
building owner made the discovery while searching for a sewage pipe .     dig revealed a messapian tomb , a roman granary and a franciscan chapel .     roman devotional bottles , ancient vases and a ring with christian symbols as well as hidden frescoes and medieval pieces were also unearthed .     the finds are believed to date back more than two centuries .
an increasing number of surveys claim to reveal what makes us happiest .     but are these generic lists really of any use to us ?     janet street-porter makes her own list - of things making her unhappy !
the husky was injured and diseased when found by rspca inspectors .     the dog has an injury to his right rear leg , possibly from being hit by a car .     he is also extremely underweight and has secondary skin infections .     the dog is being fed a special diet to help him gain weight .     the husky has been named hero and is now being treated by rspca vets .
superyacht owners spare no expense when they throw extravagant parties .     they will do whatever it takes to impress their celebrity guests .     one owner had two tigers brought in so guests could pose for selfies .     a load of fresh fruit and vegetables was flown from france to the maldives .     three ` a-list ' musical acts were hired for a private party on a desert island .
roar , the film that took 11 years to create and was originally released in cinemas 1981 is being re-released at some cinemas in the us in april .     film features noel marshall , his real-life partner tippi hedren and their kids , james marshall and melanie griffith .     family lived alongside 150 untamed animals in order to make movie .     ` dad was a f**king ** hole to do that to his family , ' says james in a new interview .     injuries to the crew included a broken leg , gangrene and large wounds , with james needing six men to pull a lion off him at one point .
randy lerner was expected to make a rare appearance for wembley game .     but lerner had to miss the match on sunday after his aunt died .     aston villa beat liverpool to reach the fa cup final .
derby keep their promotion hopes alive with easy win at ipro stadium .     craig bryson gave them the lead in the third minute on tuesday .     tom ince scored against his former side , but did n't celebrate .     darren bent on target twice , including a penalty in the second half .
migrant asylum claims are processed by the australian navy while at sea .     unsuccessful applicants are returned home without reaching dry land .     up to 900 migrants are feared drowned after their boat to europe capsized .     australian pm tony abbott advised the eu ` to stop the boats '
27-year-old danny willett will make his debut at the masters next week .     willett insists he is not competing to make up the numbers .     willett is a two-time winner on the european tour .
stoke currently have the joint smallest pitch in the premier league .     mark hughes plans to extend the playing area to benefit his team 's style .     tony pulis used small pitch when the club were promoted in 2008 .
william and kate are turning anmer hall into a secluded fortress home .     couple want informal , away-from-the-cameras upbringing for their children .     anmer is set to become their principal residence over the next few years .     royal aides confirmed the cambridges will head to anmer after the birth .
judy murray wore a belted dress-coat to her son andy 's wedding .     she stays toned by dancing , doing pilates , walking or gardening .     try the v-sit up to engage and firm your abdominal muscles .
` it 's like my home away from home and i just love it here , ' judy eddingfield said of winstead 's in kansas city .     judy eddingfield celebrated her 50th anniversary working at winstead 's restaurant last week where she began working when she was 15 in 1965 .     eddinfield 's mother along with her siblings all worked at the restaurant .
tommy connolly had n't seen his teenage cousin angela * in 10 years .     in december she told him she was homeless and 32 weeks pregnant .     the 23-year-old uni student told her to move in with him and supported her .     now mr connolly , who lives on the sunshine coast , is helping raise her four-week-old baby boy .
25 april is the centenary of the ill-fated gallipoli invasion by allied troops .     allies sustained heavy loses , mown down by a better-equipped turkish army .     beautiful peninsula is a magnet to relatives of soldiers killed in the battle .     the water diviner , russell crowe 's directorial debut , is set in its aftermath .
the british no 1 was edged out in a keenly fought contest which lasted two-and-a-half hours .     vekic won 6-3 , 4-6 , 7-5 to eliminate the 16th seed .     she will play either madison brengle or edina gallovits-hall .
ashley pegram , from summerville , south carolina , went on a date with a man she met online on april 3 and has not been seen since .     her sister found she had been messaging an 18-year-old man - but he turned out to be 30-year-old edward primo bonilla .     bonilla told her and police that he had kicked pegram out of his car because she was too drunk .     he has been charged with obstructing justice for ` giving false and misleading information ' and police say foul play is ' a definite possibility '
a new zealand family has transformed an old truck into a travelling castle .     it comes complete with turrets that feature a toilet and a shower .     when packed away the compact vehicle meets minimum road requirements .     jola siezen is an acrobat who performs around the country .
sir philip carter died at his home on thursday morning after a short illness .     carter served everton during three spells after first joining the club in 1977 .     toffees chairman bill kenwright pays tribute to a ` great man and leader '
man called alex posted video on youtube of him talking to siri on his ipad .     is told ` now you 're swearing obscenities ' when he asks about gay marriage .     apple has reportedly put siri 's responses down to a ` bug ' which it has fixed .     gay rights were set back in russia by 2013 law banning ` gay propaganda '
geraldine schultz , 67 , was killed last week by vortex in town of fairdale .     destructive tornado also picked up 1980 photo of her with husband , 84 .     photograph was carried 35 miles to harvard , illinois , where it was found .     found by alyssa murray , who posted online and was able to return it .     the tornado carried some items further - one family photograph was found 70 miles away in racine , wisconsin .
racially-charged and offensive emails from ferguson released after public records request .     two ferguson police officers resigned over racist emails .     city 's top court clerk was fired .
maria twomey , 42 , of watford , decided hit 40 and decided it was time for a change .     wanted to slim from size 14 and signed up for personal training sessions .     swapped takeaways and fatty snacks for weight-lifting and hiit workouts .     in a year she went from 12st 7lb to her slimmest , 8st 7lb .     she 's reduced her body fat percentage from 38 per cent to 15 per cent .     now taking part in miami pro world championships fitness model comp .
rommel , nicknamed the desert fox , became an iconic wartime figure .     he was known for the stylish goggles he wore across his peak cap .     they were actually a gift from british major general michael gambier-parry .     he gave them to rommel after the general helped retrieve his stolen hat .
third man charged after terror raids in melbourne at the weekend .     the 18-year-old man will front melbourne magistrates ' court on tuesday .     earlier sickening details emerged about the planned anzac day terror plot .     the men had planned to run down a police officer and kill him with a knife .     they then intended to go on a shooting rampage with his gun .     it eerily mirrors the death of british soldier lee rigby in 2013 .     he was run down and then butchered with a meat cleaver .     swords and knifes were found in the teen 's houses .
mail on sunday writer visits the resort of niyama , in the dhaalu atoll .     spends her days relaxing in the lime spa and snorkelling .     food at the resort is cooked by aussie chef geoff clark .
alec stewart admits he would happily consider a role within ecb .     england would need permission from surrey before contacting stewart .     ex wicketkeeper-batsman claims it would be silly not to listen to an offer .
nile ranger has been awol from blackpool since early december .     the striker has not played for the club since the end of november .     ranger 's blackpool deal expires at the end of this season .     former newcastle forward say the club took the mick out of him .
announcement states the use of toilet paper by muslims is now permitted .     directorate of religious affairs for turkey allows it but says water is better .     islamic rules previously said that followers should use water or left hand .
a video captured a hammerhead shark in the shallows off destin , florida .     two swimmers had no idea the giant shark was hunting so close to them .     men on a balcony yell to warn them of the proximity of the shark .
secretary of state john kerry hits out at iran 's support of houthi fighters .     but adds that washington is not looking for a confrontation with tehran .     saudi-led coalition starts third week of air-strikes against rebels in yemen .     pentagon has started daily aerial refuelling for warplanes in the coalition .
this page includes the show transcript .     use the transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary .     at the bottom of the page , comment for a chance to be mentioned on cnn student news . you must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the cnn student news roll call .
phil mickelson holds a one shot lead going into day three of houston open .     mickelson has struggled for form , carding an 82 earlier in the season .     tiger woods confirmed his participation at the masters on friday .
photos of the raccoon were taken by crane operator rob macfarlane .     climbed about 213 meters up macfarlane 's crane on wednesday night in toronto .     shots of ` little mac ' were posted on thursday morning and spread on twitter .     animal got safely back down to the ground after doing its business on crane .     they have climbed the crane in the past and left their ` evidence ' behind .
the mother of north charleston police officer michael slager is speaking out as her son is behind bars for the the shooting death of walter scott .     karen sharpe defended her son , saying she could not imagine him ever murdering someone and that he loved being a police officer .     she also revealed that slager 's pregnant wife is devastated about what has happened as she is set to give birth next month .     sharpe said she has not watched the video of the shooting or read any news reports or watched any news coverage of the incident .     she also expressed sympathy for the scott family , noting this event has caused them both to ` change forever '     slager has not entered a plea to the murder charge nor commented publicly on the killing .
yoga guru bikram choudhury denies sexual assault allegations .     his accusers , he says , were manipulated to lie about him .     a former student says he uses his yoga accomplishments to hide the harm he 's caused .
the manchester derby is crucial in the race for the premier league top two .     under-pressure manuel pellegrini ca n't afford to lose the clash .     the performances of sergio aguero and wayne rooney will be important .     man united can open up a four-point gap if they beat their bitter rivals .     click here for all the latest manchester united news .     click here for all the latest manchester city news .
koral reef , 20 , died last year after a horrifying and protracted battle against the little-understood parasite balamuthia mandrillaris .     reef was wed to her high school sweetheart in july 2013 just months before she began showing symptoms like headache , fatigue and stiff neck .     reef 's mother sybil meister believes reef picked up the amoeba on a trip to lake havasu in may 2013 -- she was dead by october 2014 .
patrons called police sunday night shortly after discovering no workers at the dunkin' donuts on arundel mills boulevard in hanover .     according to authorities , an officer checked the business and found a severely injured woman in the kitchen area .     police said palak bhadreskumar patel of hanover , died at the scene .     they said the investigation revealed that her husband , bhadreshkumar chetanbhai patel , hit her multiple times with an object and then fled .
amanda bailey , 26 , says she does n't regret going public with her story .     the waitress revealed in a blog how john key kept pulling her hair .     she wrote that she gained unwanted attention from him last year at a cafe .     ms bailey said mr key kept touching her hair despite being told to stop .     owners say they were disappointed she never told them of her concerns .     they further stated mr key is popular among the cafe staff .     the prime minister defended his actions , saying he had already apologised .     he also said his pranks were ` all in the context of a bit of banter '     the waitress was working at a cafe called rosie in parnell , east of auckland .
ian bell and joe root try new model helmet , which was released after phillip hughes ' death late last year .     chris gayle absent from series , instead playing in indian premier league .     jimmy anderson was presented with silver cap on his 100th test match .     teams pay their respect to richie benaud , who died last week .
obsidian can produce cutting edges many times finer than even the best steel scalpels .     some surgeons still use the blades in procedures today .
the unidentified man was photographed in the distasteful clothing item by a twitter user .     dozens of people responded to express their disgust at the t-shirt .
the holborn fire broke out on wednesday just 500 metres from the vault .     raiders entered the hatton garden vault some time over the weekend .     an alarm sounded on good friday , but the vault was not checked .     former flying squad chief john o'connor believes there could be a link .
london-based firm has unveiled its luxury brand of apple watches .     the expensive devices are made with 24 karat gold , rose gold or platinum .     others are encrusted with diamonds and have python or crocodile skin .     prices range from a ` modest ' # 2,000 -lrb- $ 3,000 -rrb- to # 120,000 -lrb- $ 177,000 -rrb- .
amy-beth ellice , 17 , from essex started baking at three years old .     she published her first cookbook , amy 's baking year , at age 14 .     teen chef held recent cupcake masterclass in harrods .     her second , entertaining-themed , book is set to come out in 2016 .
sharon edwards , 55 , was last seen on saturday in grafton , nsw .     son said his family were struggling to come to terms with disappearance .     eli edwards said they need answers ` one way or another ' to get closure .     police are now treating the 55-year-old 's disappearance as a homicide .
trevor duffy , a university of albany fraternity pledge who died during hazing last november , drank a 60-ounce bottle of vodka .     this according to court papers filed by two students who were expelled after his death and wish to return to the college .     duffy 's death came after a night of heavy drinking during a party held by zeta beta tau members at an off-campus home .     24 members of the underground fraternity were sanctioned by the university after the incident .     an investigation determined members of the frat were guilty of drug , alcohol and student group violations .     no one has been arrested in duffy 's death and albany police said their investigation is continuing .     four other men were also treated for alcohol poisoning that night .
new $ 2 coin minted to mark the 100th anniversary of gallipoli landing .     symbolic red poppy design used with the words ` lest we forget '     one and a half million coins released into circulation over coming weeks .     coin part of australian mint 's official anzac centenary coin program .     mint is one of two in the world which produces colour print on coins .
lawsuit says scientists infected hundreds of guatemalans with sexually transmitted diseases .     a similar lawsuit filed against the u.s. government was dismissed .
fife council launched internal investigation following accusations .     rosdeep adekoya beat son mikaeel to death then buried body in woods .     family were known to social services in fife but had moved to edinburgh .     police scotland investigated ` data management ' at the council .
reverend jonno williams says funeral of teacher to be held on wednesday .     he will be speaking with the family this afternoon to finalise the details .     reverend williams says it 'll be especially hard for the town 's young people .     ` she was a very friendly and cheerful girl , ' reverend williams says .     nsw health spokeswoman says ms scott 's body is still undergoing tests .     school cleaner vincent stanford , 24 , has been charged with her murder .
james was practicing at td garden in boston , massachusetts , on saturday .     he made the shot by effortlessly flicking basketball at hoop 94 feet away .     just before the shot hit nothing but net , james said : ` give me my money ! '     dwight howard of houston rockets issued a response video later in day .     cleveland cavaliers are playing nba playoff game vs celtics on sunday .
the body of a baby girl was found inside a plastic bag in a trash can outside the delta gamma theta at muskingum university last week .     an autopsy has now revealed that the baby was born alive and was nearly full term but died from asphyxiation .     the child 's mother , whose name has not been released , has spoken with police but has not been charged .
keurig green mountain 's single-serve capsules in 2014 hit over $ 3 billion in us sales , it 's been revealed .     the company has also made $ 4.7 billion in revenue .     1/3 of homes in the us reportedly feature single-serve coffee machines .     keurig 's chief technology officer kevin sullivan has said ` single serve , i think , found the hidden need - the need that people did n't know they had '
launch postponed due to lightning from an approaching anvil cloud .     liftoff has been rescheduled by spacex for tomorrow at 4.10 pm et .     if successful , it will prove affordable , reusuable rockets are possible .
road safety video stars walk streets in bizarre ` safety suit ' costumes .     campaign says that 37 people pedestrians killed each year in philadelphia .     some have criticized program for blaming those hit rather than motorists .
azle has recently been shaken by 27 quakes with magnitude two or greater .     scientists say this is the result of injecting wastewater into the ground .     this increases pore pressure in the rock causing faults to ` fail ' more easily .
indiana town 's memories pizza is shut down after online threat .     its owners say they 'd refuse to cater a same-sex couple 's wedding .
apple 's first generation ipad launched on 3 april 2010 .     in its five years on the market , 225 million devices have been sold .     but larger smartphones and smart watches may herald its end .     sales for the ipad dropped 18 per cent in the final quarter of 2014 .
recent reports suggest that the colombian-born actress insisted her 44-year-old assistant be a surrogate despite her now ex 's objections .     loeb has filed a lawsuit to stop modern family actress destroying two frozen embryos , according to legal documents obtained by intouch .     embryos were fertilized using her eggs and his sperm six months before their split in november 2013 , it is claimed .     former couple previously tried to use surrogate to have children twice during their relationship , but procedures failed , according to the lawsuit .     but the split before remaining embryos could be implanted , it is alleged .     lawsuit also claims that vergara was ` physically and mentally abusive ' to loeb during their almost-four-year relationship .
gemma the pit bull was filmed at home in california enthusiastically greeting a baby boy named elliot with kisses .     despite the infant 's best efforts , gemma keeps licking away .     other videos show the animal is clearly used to being around children .
a victim of bega cheese boss maurice van ryan read her impact statement .     she told sydney district court on monday she felt scared and ashamed .     ' i did n't know it was against the law , ' the victim said .
a superior court judge in north carolina ruled on monday that craig hicks is ` death penalty qualified '     he has been charged with first-degree murder in the killing of three muslim college students on february 10 .     his victims were deah shaddy barakat , 23 , his wife , yusor mohammad abu-salha , 21 , and her sister , razan mohammad abu-salha , 19 .     the victims ' families are adamant that they were targeted because they were muslims and have pushed for hate-crime charges .
manning is serving a 35-year sentence for leaking thousands of classified documents .     she says she will be using a voice phone to dictate her tweets .
celebrities would have competed to outrun rampaging bulls in spanish show .     idea axed following anger from local authorities in pamplona .     mayor said he feared it would turn world famous san fermin fiesta into big brother .
the nomination of loretta lynch as u.s. attorney general was announced in november .     she would be the country 's first african-american woman attorney general .     but as her confirmation process drags on , her supporters wonder why .
rory mcilroy will be on the front cover of ea sports ' pga tour 2015 game .     the game offers multiple ways to play , including arcade controls .     fans can create their own custom gameplay style .
police say the man had been ejected from the club when he returned and stabbed the bouncer in the back .     the incident occurred at about 10.53 pm on thursday night .     the bouncer , 29 , was taken to hospital but did not suffer life threatening injuries .     in a separate incident , another bouncer was stabbed in the leg on good friday .     police urge anyone with information about either of the incidents to contact crime stoppers .
abc has kept a tight lid on details but interview is expected to address bruce 's gender transition .     network has only released non-specific quotes so as to allow bruce to address topic in full context of friday 's interview .
england are reigning champions having beaten holland in last year 's final .     the young lions have been placed in group d of the tournament .     england will compete against holland , italy and the republic of ireland .
mrs. clinton enjoyed some downtime in chappaqua , new york , with husband ahead of her two-day swing through new hampshire this week .     the aspiring leader of the free world and the former leader of the free world were spotted strolling hand-in-hand as they soaked up the sun .     meanwhile , her two ` scooby ' campaign vans got some tlc of their own at a local body shop , where they were also hand washed .     clinton starts second leg of her endeavor to win the vote of ` everyday ' americans .     but report shows she makes more money for an hour 's worth of work than the country 's top ceos .
friends of tuti yusupova claim she was born in uzbekistan in 1880 .     officials believe her birth certificate and passport can prove her age .     they have asked the guinness book of records to update their figures .     the previous record holder jeanne calment was 122 when she died .
in terminal 3 , cushioned running paths direct passengers to their gates .     the money-saving trick cuts down on the cost of walkways and signage .     catering to low-cost carriers , the new terminal first opened on april 8 .
terence crawford stopped puerto rican thomas dulmore in the sixth .     the american won the vacant wbo junior welterweight title .     the 27-year-old fighter is still unbeaten and takes his record to 26-0 .
` clever marketing ' makes patients spend up to ten times more , say experts .     an investigation found britons spend # 100million on cough syrup a year .     but some doctors say there is no need to spend so much on remedies .     the truth about medicine , 9pm bbc1 , april 9 .
men were in canada playing a hockey tournament with canadian forces .     alleged sex attack took place at military base in nova scotia .     sailors are being held and are due back in court on monday .
cricketing great richie benaud has been farewelled at small private funeral .     the sydney service was attended only by immediate family .     richie benaud died aged 84 last friday from cancer .     commentary box colleagues and cricketing greats gathered afterwards for memorial .
abdirahman sheik mohamud pleads not guilty to charges of providing material support to terrorists and lying to the fbi .     the columbus , ohio , resident became a u.s. citizen in february 2014 .     in april 2014 , he went to syria for terrorism training , prosecutors say in a news release .
errol louis : new ag loretta lynch will try to get cops to improve community relations , end abusive practices .     he says baltimore case shows too many local departments not getting message .     lynch will have to apply range of tough measures to fix this , louis says .
i 'm up alarm is designed to help those who have trouble getting out of bed .     alarm will sound at a preset time and continue until a qr code is scanned .     app is expected to be available on apple and android phones from june .
4,000 on board the carnival spirit have been stranded outside sydney harbour .     passengers were to disembark the ship on tuesday but the wild storm prevented it from entering the harbour .     the vessel has suffered damage with smashed glass panels and a door ripped open by the crashing waves .     carnival spirit was returning from a 12-night cruise to new caledonia , vanuatu and fiji .
the 23-year-old also revealed that she has been signed as the new face of beauty brand make up for ever .     andrea is thought to be the first ever transgender model to land a major cosmetics campaign .     the serbian-born fashion star underwent gender-confirmation surgery last year .     before her surgery , andreja made a name for herself within the fashion industry as both a male and a female model , with her androgynous look .
former manchester united boss says no-one is close to world 's top two .     but sir alex ferguson suggests neymar will be the next to reach that level .     ferguson was also full of praise for real madrid boss carlo ancelotti .     ancelotti invited fergie 's son darren to real madrid training early this year .
broadcaster vows to do less after hosting everything from rugby to crufts .     speaking to radio times , said questions about sexuality were ` exhausting '     said : ' i suspect gabby logan is n't asked about being married or a mother '
` bethanie 's ' heartfelt message to airline and pilots shared on twitter .     female writes how she wants to ` extend a compassionate hand '     thanks the pilots for allowing her to travel between spain and england .     says that they are ` the reason i can smile tonight '     letter shared on twitter by jai dillon , colleague of pilots who received the handwritten note .     emotional message comes a week after germanwings disaster that saw andreas lubitz deliberately crash plane killing 150 people .
former playboy model georgina gosden is facing an assault charge .     ms gosden allegedly punched two women in the face on separate occasions at the same north queensland pub .     she was charged with assault occasioning bodily harm and being drunk and disorderly in a licensed venue .     police are pursuing the latest charge despite her victim withdrawing .
the training materials are a result of a 2013 ruling declaring `` stop , question and frisk '' unconstitutional .     they read that racial profiling `` is offensive . ... it diverts us from catching real criminals ''
cctv footage captured moment shopkeeper grappled with armed raider .     mohammad ali akhtar was stabbed as he tackled the knife-wielding robber .     hooded thief targeted the premier stores shop in flixton , manchester .     teenage thug escaped empty handed after being chased out of store .
ander herrera impresses with two goals for manchester united in victory .     wayne rooney also finds the back of the net against aston villa in 3-1 win .     brad guzan the best performer for tim sherwood 's side at old trafford .
only nine per cent of germans now consider the end of wwii a defeat .     many now see themselves as the victims of hitler and nazi regime .     historians now exploring crimes by allied forces and german suicides .
darren goddard met first wife aggi while based in germany with the army .     the pair had a son called lewis before their marriage broke down .     mr goddard , of hampshire , returned to uk and never had contact with son .     but lewis ' appeal to find father appeared on mr goddard 's facebook page .
thai airways subsidiary thai smile features cartoon network paint job on a320 jet .     overhead bins , head rests and air sick bags feature characters from cartoon network .
lewis hamilton qualified in pole position for the bahrain grand prix .     ferrari 's sebastian vettel pipped mercedes ' nico rosberg to second .     hamilton has qualified pole in each of this season 's four races .     the brit qualified four tenths faster than vettel and six faster than rosberg .
judy murray has revealed to closer that she ca n't wait to be a granny .     son andy married his long term girlfriend kim sears just a few days ago .     the tennis coach says she will be an active part of their life .
anna foord sold low grade diamonds at hugely inflated prices , court is told .     part of gang who sold coloured diamonds in # 1.5 million ` boiler room ' scam .     foord , 30 , was found guilty of conspiracy to defraud and money laundering .     another gang member was found guilty while three others admitted similar charges .
aid organizations are still working to help the people of nepal in the wake of two major earthquakes .     thousands were killed in a magnitude 7.8 earthquake in nepal on april 25 .     a second quake rocked the country less than three weeks later .
michael easy first went on the run in 2013 after assaulting a woman at party .     while hiding from police , he taunted them by posting photos on facebook .     caught and jailed for 15 months before going on run again on his release .     now facing four months in jail for assault and breaching restraining order .
mr miliband makes first appearance on the campaign trail in over 48 hours .     labour leader out campaigning in bristol after going to ground over easter .     cameron , clegg , farage and sturgeon all campaigned over the weekend .     the pm has today embarked on whirlwind tour of all four nations of the uk .
jenna thomas , 21 , was murdered by ex boyfriend philip packer .     he hounded her with calls , texts and visits after they split up .     then strangled her to death one day in jealous rage .     her twin , nikki , now wishes they 'd taken stalking behaviour more seriously .     urges others not to ` put up with ' harassment .
the teardrop-shaped island was ravaged by the tsunami in 2004 .     the holiday industry there is recovered and expanding with new hotels .     see the uda walawe nature reserve elephants and tea plantations in kandy .
shay given to start against liverpool in fa cup a day before he turns 39 .     tim sherwood confirmed the news as he prepares for sunday 's semi-final .     given has played in all four of aston villa 's fa cup matches this term .
ian watson is set to come out of playing retirement at the age of 38 .     his last game was as player-coach in championship for swinton last june .     watson stepped up his training ahead of sunday 's game against castleford .
ben stokes returns to the ground where he broke his wrist hitting a locker .     he clashed with west indies batsman marlon samuel in the second test .     but his aggression , when controlled , is important to england .
air raid shelter in stockport was dug out of caves along the river mersey and intended to be a car park .     with the advent of the second world war , the space became a shelter which could hide thousands of people .     the air raid shelter was so popular the authorities had to issue season tickets in order to control numbers .
peter endean re-tweeted a message with an image of the fleeing refugees .     a caption read : ` labour 's floating voters . coming to a country near you '     it comes just days after up to 950 refugees drowned trying to reach europe .     mr endean later apologised ` unreservedly ' but insisted it was an accident .     the council candidate from plymouth said it was ` unintentional '
red fox spots a deer bone among a group of black crows on a frozen lake in furen in japan and goes in to take it .     but the animal is challenged by two advancing large eagles who surround him as he holds bone in his jaws .     as the fox and eagles clash , it becomes clear the young fox is destined to lose the battle against his larger foes .
a crowd of students from northwest prep academy descended on a gas station in memphis , tennessee on monday .     they began to yell and throw up gang signs and then attacked a man , orrden williams jr. .     williams ended up covered in bruises because of the unprovoked attack , and his baby was also almost hit by the teens .     police are investigating and have made one arrest in the case , 19-year-old joe brittman .
jodi speidel , 46 , and her 45-year-old husband , randy , were found dead in their bellefontaine , ohio , home tuesday .     couple had dragged two charcoal grills inside bedroom and locked door , but let their cats out and left note warning passersby of carbon monoxide .     suicide comes two months after speidels launched online fundraisers asking for help because they were starving and on verge of eviction .
jordan spieth won his maiden major at the age of 21 at augusta .     the 79th masters attracted massive television ratings in the usa .     spieth went back onto the 18th green to formally acknowledge the crowd .     jack nicklaus and phil mickelson are among those to pay tribute to spieth .
daniel weness reported on tuesday that a storage canister with vials of bull semen had been taken from his farm .     the $ 500 canister held vials worth between $ 300 and $ 1,500 each .     theft happened between april 1 and 7 , and weness was away on easter .     there is a market for bull semen because it helps farmers on transportation costs of putting a bull and a cow in the same pen to breed .
`` out of sight , out of mind '' does n't apply to communities along the gulf of mexico , philippe cousteau says .     we must take the time and effort needed to understand our natural resources , he says .     he says our understanding of how the gulf works remains limited .
new zealand photographer amos chapple travelled the world with a camera and quadcopter to take these pictures .     stunning images show cities , slums and historic sites from high in the sky - offering new perspective on the world .     as governments across the world clamp down on aerial drone photography , ` birds eye ' views are becoming rarer .
coral jones , 43 , has had anonymous letters branding her a ` bad mother '     daughter april was snatched from outside home and killed by mark bridger .     she blames herself for allowing april to play outside for extra 15 minutes .     family have struggled to come to terms with murder and set up campaign .
witness robert kushner lost his varsity coaching job at a private academy after testifying this week about his years selling marijuana .     kushner , 32 , is one of more than a dozen former drug dealers testifying for the federal government about allegations of police wrongdoing .     kushner had passed a background check when he was hired to coach basketball in 2010 .
wisconsin , which last won a title in 1941 , was led by birthday boy frank kaminsky .     justise winslow leads duke with 19 points , while jahlil okafor has 18 .     coach k says his team 's defense was `` terrific ''
rapper says that his streaming service is ` here for the long haul '     report claims that app is being affected by delays from apple , which is launching its own music service this summer .     jay z claims that tidal already has more than 700,000 subscribers .     app purchasing data shows that it has fallen out of top 750 downloads .
dr mehmet oz is vice chairman at columbia 's college of physicians and surgeons and is a professor of surgery .     he said in a statement that his show provides ` multiple points of view ' , including his , ` which is offered without conflict of interest '     comes after ten top doctors sent letter to school urging for oz 's dismissal .     said there 's no scientific proof his ` miracle ' weight-loss supplements work .     the dr oz show will air a special episode thursday , most of which will be dedicated to his rebuttal .
alison , 43 , from gloucestershire , had breast augmentation six years ago .     she was initially pleased but an infection killed off some breast tissue .     left with one large breast and another that was shrivelled and deformed .     now the 43-year-old says she is ` desperate to be normal again '     extreme beauty disasters is on tlc , thursdays at 8pm .
suzi cinalli , a massage therapist , shares her top tips to stay alert at work .     from cooing over cute pet pictures to a lunchtime yoga session and snacking on pumpkin seeds , discover how to boost your concentration .
jockey blake shinn lost his pants while riding down the home straight .     ` the pants went ... and there was nothing i could do , ' shinn says .     shinn , atop miss royale , only managed to finish second in the race .     acting chief steward greg rudolph said he had never seen anything like it .
northern indiana pizzeria memories pizza opened thursday to a full house of friends , regulars and people wanting to show their support .     kevin o'connor closed the shop after backlash following comments he made that he would n't cater same-sex weddings .     o'connor says gays are welcome in his restaurant , but he would decline to cater their weddings because it would conflict with his beliefs .     a crowdfunding campaign started by supporters raised more than $ 842,000 with donations from 29,160 contributors in 48 hours .     o'connor said he has n't received the money yet , but said he plans to give some to charity and use some money to make improvements to the restaurant .
alfred guy vuozzo , 46 , shot dead brent mcguigan and his son , brendon .     he carried out shooting last august to avenge nine-year-old sister , cathy .     cathy was killed in a car smash involving brent 's father , herbert , in 1970 .     herbert given nine-month sentence for dangerous driving ; has since died .     vuozzo , from prince edward island , said the sentence had ` haunted ' him .     knew victims , who lived near montague , were not involved in fatal crash .     defendant pleaded guilty to first - and second-degree murder in february .     he was jailed for life on monday ; he is not eligible for parole for 35 years .
for more than 40 years , the lyrics of american pie have been puzzled over .     this week the handwritten lyrics sold for more than $ 1 million at auction .     the verses contain hidden references to seminal events of the 50s and 60s .     it includes nods to buddy holly , charles manson and martin luther king .
data bosses were caught boasting their underhand tactics to reporters .     they admitted ignoring and official no-call list meant to protect vulnerable .     said they could n't be honest with people because they would n't answer .     david light of data partnership revealed tactics used to coax information .     for 8p a record he also offered to sell information on people with pensions .
luke rockhold takes on lyoto machida in new jersey on saturday .     the middleweights will hope the winner will earn a title shot .     rockhold believes he has to dominate machida to earn the win .
police revealed they are ` vigorously perusing ' paedophile ring theory .     parents of william tyrrell have released a plea for his safe return .     ` we ca n't live like this , ' mother said as search entered its seventh month .     police say search of nsw bushland is reaching the conclusion stage .     divers were brought in to search a murky dam in a bush reserve .     william tyrrell vanished from his home in kendall , nsw in september 2014 .
jimmy anderson 's recent performance in the second test was one of the greatest i 've ever seen from an england cricketer .     however , alastair cook 's played an even bigger role in england 's success .     cook 's battling and captaincy qualities were clear to see throughout .     elsewhere , england will have a very good player back on their hands if jonathan trott can regain his old calmness going into the third test .
chimps were observed crossing busy road in kibale national park , uganda .     most of the chimps looked left , right or both ways before crossing the road .     the chimps crossed in small groups , often running to get across quickly .     scientists want to test underpasses and bridges to let chimps cross safely .
rifle was stolen overnight while agent 's car was parked at a salt lake city hotel across the street from the state 's fbi office .     gun was ` secured properly ' in a case and truck safe with padlocks and chains .     police believe thief tied a rope around the case and used another car to break the handle off by ripping the case through the car 's window .     agent 's stolen backpack and gear bags were recovered at a nearby hotel , but the gun has not been found .
eugenie bouchard has suffered four defeats in her last six matches .     the world no 7 is representing canada in fed cup world group play-off .     canadian star refuses to shake hands in pre-match press conferences .
agent was taken to an area hospital as a precaution . he passed a drug test and was discharged , alaska airlines says .     the cargo hold is pressurized and temperature controlled .
naomi , 44 , and jourdan , 24 , are new faces of burberry eyewear .     this is the second joint burberry campaign for the catwalk stars .     pair are close friends and jourdan walked in naomi 's charity fashion show .
emerson decarvalho , 38 , is charged with assault with a deadly weapon .     cyclist pounded on his window , screamed at him and pushed in his sideview mirror .
winston 's lawyer : kinsman 's `` false accusations have already been exposed and rejected six times ''     erica kinsman said jameis winston raped her in 2012 ; a prosecutor declined to bring criminal charges .     her lawsuit alleges sexual battery and false imprisonment ; winston has said they had consensual sex .
patrick bamford puts middlesbrough ahead after 20 minutes .     bamford 's deflected shot takes boro ahead of bournemouth .     visitors wigan remain in the relegation zone with six games to play .
ilha de mana , a 15-acre outcrop shaped like a tortoise shell , is located near the colonial town of paraty .     the private island off the costa verde is three hours by car or 40 minutes by helicopter from rio de janeiro .     at # 2,500 -lrb- $ 3,750 -rrb- a night , it boasts a main residence and four chalets over crystal clear water .     with stunning surroundings , the island has its own water supply and its buildings are solar powered .
deion sanders called out his son deion sanders jr. when he wrote about needing ` hood doughnuts almost every morning '     ` you 're a huxtable with a million $ trust fund stop the hood stuff ! ' wrote sanders .     sanders later confirmed the entire thing was just a joke between father and son .     the former football and baseball star and current analyst is said to be worth around $ 40million .     a huxtable is a phrase used by some to refer to upper class black people , in reference to the huxtable family from the cosby show .
pollsters questioned 1,001 british muslims and 1,001 non-muslims .     eight per cent of british muslims have ' a lot ' of sympathy for jihadi john .     however , 60 per cent strongly condemned the likes of jihadi john and isis .     three quarters agreed that islam was compatible with the british lifestyle .
charnelle hughes was at the adelphi pub in preston for a heavy metal gig .     she was struck in the head by a pint glass which was thrown at random .     the student has been left scarred for life and feared she would lose her eye .     jordan goode admitted wounding after throwing the glass while ` hard-core ' dancing .
celebrity chef pete evans strongly endorses fluoride-free water .     but health minister jillian skinner said he is putting people 's health at risk .     she also added she has refused to watch evans ' show my kitchen rules .     medical professionals say fluoride protects from tooth decay .     australian dental association supports water fluoridation .
number of foreign fighters worldwide soared by 71 % from mid-2014 to now .     syria and iraq were most popular regions - mainly for is and al-nusra front .     united nations report said fighters came from over half world 's countries .     it warned if is was defeated foreign fighters could scatter across the globe .
teana walsh , assistant prosecutor in wayne county , michigan , wrote facebook post .     said she watched violent rioters in baltimore and found them ` disgusting '     suggested that shooting them was the only solution - then deleted post .     her bosses were forced to issue statement defending her .
outraged food blogger allie dodds alleges fitness blogger and entrepreneur ashy bines used her recipes in her clean eating guide .     ms dodds said ms bines had contacted her about using her recipes on her facebook page in early 2012 .     but she was not credited in the book .     she said ms bines had not specifically asked her whether the recipes could be used there .     ms bines , from the gold coast , recently admitted that several recipes had been plagiarised .     she blamed an unnamed ` nutritionist ' who had been working for her at the time , adding : ` it really sucks that this can happen '     ms bines received several vile message following her plagiarism statement .     one person wished her forthcoming baby would be ` born with down syndrome '
peter , 8 , wrote a letter to michelle obama criticizing her health guidelines for school lunches at public schools .     peter 's father said the letter submitted to the weekly standard took six-months to write because peter was ` too angry ' to write it in one sitting .     peter thinks president obama needs to work on his speeches and that the united states should bomb syria .
mary pat christie , 51 , quit her position at finance firm angleo gordon & co .     reportedly told colleagues the move would precede a christie campaign .     mrs christie earns almost three times as much as her husband .     has accompanied new jersey governor on putative campaign trail .
young star is seen in video inhaling gas before laughing and passing out .     it comes just days after he was seen puffing on a strong shisha pipe .     manager brendan rodgers says it 's not something he should be doing .     comes amid reports the # 35,000-a-week player is not happy at liverpool .
raheem sterling has rejected a new contract worth # 100,000-a-week .     liverpool boss brendan rodgers says sterling will not be sold .     he believes sterling still needs to prove himself at the highest level .     rodgers is confident that sterling can win silverware while at anfield .     liverpool face arsenal at the emirates on saturday , kick-off at 12.45 pm .
richard klass : iran framework agreement on nukes is strong , but opponents will cast doubts on this and try to obscure its facts .     he says the deal would cut uranium stockpile , centrifuges , implement rigorous inspections ; it should be judged on merits , not disinformation .
the new jersey parents are divorced and share custody of their three kids .     father claimed his ex ` abused her parental discretion ' by taking daughter to see pink in december 2013 in newark .     judge ruled that while the singer can be suggestive , her works are not inappropriate for a preteen .
sandra and david greatrex were introduced by david 's sister , anne duffy .     soon anne started sending threatening text messages to sandra .     rift got so bad she stopped tried to cancel their wedding using fake email .
andre blackman fled from harrods after stealing jacket from store .     the 24-year-old has been told he is surplus to requirements at blackpool .     blackman said the incident was ` just a moment of madness '     the defender played for both arsenal and tottenham during youth career .
ad was created by pro-israel lobby american freedom defense initiative .     federal judge sided with the group , ordering metropolitan transportation authority to run the posters because it is protected speech .     mta officials claimed in lawsuit the ` killing jews ' ad could incite violence .     the judge wrote in his decision mta and chairman thomas prendergast ` underestimate the tolerant quality of new yorkers '
police confirmed the men are all aged in their 50s and from the york area .     comes after another man , in his 50s and from york , arrested last month .     the men were released earlier today after being questioned over the case .     body of missing chef , 35 when she disappeared in 2009 , has n't been found .
london-based artist jonty hurwitz creates sculptures that are smaller than a human hair .     they 're made using ultraviolet light and resin , and then photographed with an electron microscope .
muhammed tahir , 53 , followed woman in her 20s onto central line train .     he got close and pretended to accidentally rub his hand across her thigh .     he kept moving closer and rubbed his crotch and pot belly on her bottom .     act was ` so blatant ' it caught the attention of undercover police officers .
it is not known how fairy circles in the namibian desert are made .     clue may lie in the distribution of the barren circles of earth in grassland .     researchers in japan discovered their distribution is similar to skin cells .     like human cells , the mysterious circles typically have six ` neighbours '
spanish researchers say climate change impacted human migration .     until 1.4 million years ago it was too cold to inhabit southeast spain .     but then the climate warmed to 13 °c -lrb- 55 °f -rrb- and became more humid .     this enabled hominins - our distant ancestors - to move to new regions .
reading university researcher says bees prefer cities to fields .     expansion of farmland has actually been damaging to bee population .     wildlife sites in four english counties saw bee species decrease .     reason is likely due to wide variety of flowering plants in urban areas .
greystone park psychiatric center in new jersey became known for the number of rapes and suicides taking place .     building officially closed in 2003 and was abandoned , with walls and ceilings left to crumble and flake away .     demolition work has begun on the french renaissance-style building , after interior found too expensive to restore .     but preservationists have argued that the 1800s building should be preserved and turned into museum and housing .
albert roux has been dating a string of ladies since divorcing heiress wife .     they include a ukrainian cloakroom attendant , an artist and a tea hostess .     the 79-year-old is said to have spent thousands on one of the women .     last year it emerged his wife was divorcing him on grounds of adultery .
widow of slain bell gardens mayor lyvette crespo pleaded not guilty and was ordered held on $ 150,000 bond .     the 43-year-old told authorities it was in self-defense after her husband punched their teenage son when he tried to intervene in the fight .     her former brother-in-law claims that allegations of years of abuse are all a lie and says he has text messages proving the slaying was in cold blood .     crespo faces up to 21 years in state prison if convicted .
tickets for mayweather v pacquiao on sale online for $ 180,000 .     majority of the 1,000 tickets for the general public snapped up within minutes .     the fight in las vegas on may 2 is one of the biggest in the sport 's history .
norway will be the first country in the world to stop radio broadcasts on fm .     it says it will save # 17 million a year by the switch to a purely digital service .     the decision was driven by rise in popularity of digital and internet radio .     other countries are expected to follow as numbers of fm listener drop .
keith whitworth was jailed for 22 years in 2013 for abusing three children .     one of the victims was his daughter mandy greenwood , now 39 .     mandy , from greater manchester , was raped almost daily as a child .     the mother-of-two has spoken out to try and help other victims of abuse .
man , 50 , allegedly rammed into home north-west of brisbane on monday night .     police say driver climbed out of vehicle and stabbed a man to death .     five people were inside including a woman believed to be man 's ex-partner .     driver was charged with murder and string of other charges .
manchester united host bitter rivals city on sunday afternoon .     it could be a derby without a single local player on either side .     louis van gaal and manuel pellegrini have both tried to immerse themselves in the local culture .     read : manchester united end 499-day wait over manchester city .     vincent kompany : beating united at old trafford will help ` rectify ' season .
top judge said australian commercial surrogacy needs to be legalised .     justice diana bryant said current surrogacy laws need to be scrutinised .     she believes it will stop abandonment cases like that of baby gammy .     it means it can be done on ethical terms and avoid legal complications .
zodiac aerospace revealed new designs for cabin crew quarters based on feedback from airline workers .     the luxury concept aims to maximise space , comfort and privacy , with a bunk bed system .     each bunk has a personal entertainment and air-conditioning system and lie-flat area .     areas are hidden away from passengers behind concealed doors on the lower deck .
queen margrethe ii of denmark is celebrating her 75th birthday today and appeared on the palace balcony .     was joined by crown prince frederik , 46 , and crown princess mary , 43 , as husband henrik is ill with flu .     started birthday celebrations with a glitzy gala dinner last night attended by royals from around europe .     no members of the british royal family were able to attend the glitzy celebration in copenhagen .
martin allen believes it 's a crucial time for troops to follow orders .     players like john terry ensure whole squad is pulling in same direction .     perceptions in football need to change and they need to change quickly .     birmingham boss garry rowett is heading all the way to the very top .
rachel sandridge , 29 , from maryland , says she was shocked at the unexpected diagnosis but thankful it was discovered .     sandridge was due to undergo surgery after her weight reached 430lbs .     news was even more devastating as only two years earlier her father has died from cancer .     she is now cancer free and has dropped 10 dress sizes .
david cameron revealed that the london mayor had seen him as a rival .     pm said mr johnson ` suddenly realised ' his competition was elsewhere .     comes after he named johnson , osborne and may as potential successors .     mr cameron also admitted bullingdon club past ` cripplingly embarrassing '
jason warnock rescued a man whose suv was dangling off the edge of a cliff .     warnock : `` i do n't feel like i deserve any credit ... i just did what anyone would do ''
hannah and alex needed a place to live after they moved back to new zealand from the uk in 2009 .     so , they purchased a 1986 hino flatbed truck and started building a home on the back of it over the course of about a year and a half .     they then purchased a secluded piece of property and drove their nearly self-sufficient $ 25,000 home there .
daphne benaud has politely declined a state funeral for her late husband .     the wife of the legendary cricket commentator has settled on a gathering with only immediate family indicating this is what he would have wanted .     former australian captain died peacefully in his sleep at a sydney hospice .     he had been receiving radiation treatment for skin cancer since november .     benaud had witnessed , as player and commentator , over 500 test matches .     australian prime minister tony abbott offered his family the state funeral .
liam phillips was world cup series champion in 2014 .     but phillips wants to use the 2015 series to develop his tactics for rio .     bmx rider also looking to reclaim his world championship title this year .
dave sim has spent months training to ride tour route on a chopper .     the 36-year-old personal trainer hopes to inspire people to begin riding .     his raleigh chopper is the 2004 revival of the classic 1970s kids ' bike .     he said it had ` always been a dream ' to ride the famous tour de france .
father , only known as john , noticed his daughter was acting strangely .     confronted her and she confessed taking cocaine , ecstasy and mcat .     told him drugs were available to buy at school , parks and youth groups .     father is now calling on local authority to take the issue more seriously .
group of young thugs are terrorising high green estate in sheffield .     youngsters are using bb guns and air rifles to shoot at cars and homes .     terrified residents on estate say they are being ` held to ransom ' by yobs .     claim woman was shot at and concerned someone will be seriously injured .
italian alex bellini will live atop an iceberg off the coast of north west greenland starting next year .     he will stay in isolation inside a contained ball without opening the hatch for 12 months .     the capsule will contain supplies and equipment for his survival , and workout equipment to keep him fit .     its designed to survive harsh conditions - such as the iceberg flipping - and can also float in water .
world no 1 has not been beaten since the start of the year with 17-0 record .     serena williams plays carla suarez navarro in the miami open final .     players including simona halep , maria sharapova and eugenie bouchard have failed to mount a serious challenge to the american veteran .
walmart supercenter was ranked the second worst in consumer reports ' annual supermarket survey .     it earned 64 points along with a&p and waldbaum 's , which was ranked the worst out of 68 supermarkets surveyed .     publix was ranked second best followed by trader joe 's and fareway stores .
the bell 525 relentless boasts an 88-square-foot cabin and space to fit 20 passengers in boardroom-style comfort .     the craft , by textron , will make its maiden flight this year and is aimed at the rich offshore oil and gas market .     it will cruise at a maximum of 178 miles per hour and with its 2,4000-litre fuel capacity fly 575 miles without stopping .
capitol police said a male shot himself as shocked onlookers watched .     the incident appears to have no connection to terrorism , police said .
man using electric wheelchair rolled over platform edge tuesday afternoon .     commuters leaped up to help at u street station in washington , d.c.     man escaped with only minor face injuries after two men helped him up .
no one was injured in the attack on the times square military recruitment station in march 2008 .     officials said the explosion may be connected to earlier unsolved bombings at the british and mexican consulates .     fbi footage showed the times square suspect placing the bomb and riding away on a bike .
calling himself ` volcano ' rapper is a 31-year-old from war-torn benghazi .     he is seen standing in front of weapons of war and burning buildings .     he poses with fighters and even carries a massive assault rifle himself .     video shows volcano performing on benghazi 's rubble-strewn streets .
tibor racsits , 42 , and daughter kiara , 13 , were attacked on sunday night .     he 'd gone to pick her up from the movies in newcastle , north of sydney .     footage shows group of boys kicking mr racsits in the stomach and head .     kiara ran to help her father but was slammed face-first into the concrete .
michael foster denied launching a foul-mouthed attack at a rival candidate .     mr foster objected when a candidate mentioned his # 1.5 million home .     the former literary agent was at a public hustings in cornwall .     loveday jenkin challenged mr forster over the value of his second home .     the above article has been amended to make clear that loveday jenkin is standing for the cornish party mebyon kernow not the cornish nationalist party .
liya kebede , who was born in ethiopia , graces the may issue .     she also appeared on vogue paris ' may 2002 cover .     last black model before mrs kebede was rose cordero in march 2010 .
steve bruce adamant that hull will avoid relegation from premier league .     hull were beaten 2-0 by southampton at st mary 's on saturday .     defeat leaves hull in 17th just two points clear of the danger zone .     bruce wanted 10 wins at the start of the season , but hull have just six .
ryan giroux denies killing a man during shootings in phoenix in march .     rampage through suburbs let to huge police manhunt for the shooter .     ex-convict and ` skinhead ' giroux is a member of white supremacy group .
candidate lynne abraham says she suffered a momentary drop in blood pressure and that it 's never happened before .     while a doctor kept her from returning to the debate , the 74-year-old former district attorney says she will not let the incident affect her campaign .
money expert says spending a few hours and a bit of cash can add tens of thousands to your property value at sale .     among her tips are things simple as changing door handles and curtains .     michelle hutchison says paint the walls and the kitchen cupboards .     other tips include : clear the clutter to make you home appear bigger .
martina navratilova could not commit ' 100 per cent to the project '     the pair only started working together in december last year .     agnieszka radwanska is struggling for consistency this season .     the pole slumped to an early defeat in stuttgart this week .
an egyptian goose that lived for at least a week with an arrow piercing its neck died after surgery .     the goose at first appeared to make it successfully through the operation at a bird and wildlife clinic wednesday but then died a short time later .     ` the vet did everything that they could do , ' said katie ingram of orange county animal care .     the cause of injury is likely a victim of animal cruelty .
owner lansdown has ploughed his fortune into the club through love and nothing else .     that strategy racked up enormous debts when they lost the championship play-off final in 2008 .     lansdown wrote off an eye-watering # 35million worth of debt last year .     he is more pragmatic with his money nowadays and city are on the brink of a return to the second tier .
he has not signed the lucrative contract liverpool waved in front of him and he gave an interview to the bbc without clearing it with the club .     but imagine if raheem sterling had actually done something wrong .     he has been called avaricious , capricious , disloyal and impressionable .     we talk about loyalty in football as if it is a one-way street .     clubs generally have very little loyalty to players . they treat them as commodities .     if he asks for time to think before he commits himself , it is absurdly unjust that he should be pilloried for it .
salvina formosa does weights and sit-to-stand exercises every week .     the 101-year-old recently tripped over an uneven footpath .     she has been taking part in step classes to improve her fitness .     the sydney mother celebrated her 101th birthday on march 16 .     the centenarian is going strong and there 's no sign of her slowing down .
un 's international civil aviation organization -lrb- icao -rrb- reported ` significant safety concerns ' with thailand 's aviation safety .     china , south korea and japan have banned any new charter flights .     the country 's airlines now receive strict inspections in australia .     thailand said it plans to inform countries about the status of its aviation safety and ` the solutions to fix the faults ... as soon as possible '
a rampaging elephant attacked a man after invading his village in india .     ramiul sheikh , 50 , survived two charges by the five-ton animal unharmed .     locals were trying to coax elephants into forest when one turned violent .
kyle wittstock crashed into a garage door when his paraglider was swept to the ground by a strong wind .     the 22-year-old was taken to hospital and pronounced dead .     he leaves behind a fiance and nine-week-old daughter .     mr wittstock posted pictures of himself in the air hours before the crash .     friends and family were quick to express their grief over his death .
warner bros slammed by novelist for dropping the deal in 2012 .     sony has announced deal to release movies and tv series .     the dark tower is an 8-part novel series written between 1970 and 2012 .     javier bardem and russell crowe rumored to be interested in the lead .
west coast railways services suspended after train failed to stop at signal .     100mph collision with steam train missed by barely a minute .     wcr must take steps to address network rail 's concerns .     the company owns the hogwarts express now at warner bros studios .
weinstein 's wife georgina chapman , 38 , was seen looking forlorn .     couple were both pictured at their connecticut home on saturday .     on friday it emerged a sting set up by the nypd shows weinstein did n't deny touching italian model ambra battilana - and apologized to her .     she alleges he asked her for a kiss and then groped her during a ` business meeting ' at his manhattan office on friday night .     a source claimed during the recorded conversation set up under the watch of the nypd , he did not deny touching her .     the hollywood producer has denied the allegations and has spoken to police , who have not filed charges .
matilda fitt , now 21 months old , played baby julia poldark in bbc show .     the real-life infant was born nine weeks early , and battled pneumonia .     matilda was chosen to play julia because of her small size .     unlike her character , who died of putrid throat , matilda is now doing well .
florent malouda has chosen the likes of john terry and didier drogba .     petr cech starts in goal while david luiz is deployed at right back .     thierry henry and didier drogba lead line in malouda 's dream team .
from belfies to butt implants , the kardashian clan has inspired many a trend .     the latest : kylie jenner 's pouty lips spark the #kyliejennerchallenge .
artist frank mckeever from florida created these amazing posters .     they show how we might colonise various worlds in the solar system .     included are humans skiing on a moon and living in cities on mars .     others show life on europa and near saturn - and a destroyed earth .
owner of manhattan building which exploded could face criminal charges .     nicholas figueroa , 23 , and moises locon , 26 , died in the huge explosion .     authorities are now building a case against the owner , it has been claimed .     investigators are looking into possibility gas was tapped from next door .
the mexican painter penned the letters to fellow artist jose bartoli from 1946 and 1949 while she was married to muralist diego rivera .     the 25 letters jose had saved until his death in 1995 are headed to auction at doyle new york on april 15 and expected sell upwards of $ 120,000 .
paul gilbert jokes he hopes ` off-piste ' remark will not get back to miliband .     labour candidate in cheltenham also blasts party 's policy on tuition fees .     says miliband vow to cut from # 9,000 to # 6,000 is ` entirely unsatisfactory '
celtic crashed lost to 3-2 to inverness in the scottish cup semi-final .     the referee failed to spot a handball from inverness player josh meekings .     the decision denied celtic a penalty during a crucial point of the game .     van dijk was sent off against inter milan in the last 32 of the champions league in february .
dj pete tong will present a late night prom at albert hall this summer .     bizarre choice may prove controversial with more traditional listeners .     former radio 1 presenter 's evening will celebrate club music in ibiza .
siobhan o'dell , 17 , had been hoping to get a place at duke university .     when she got a rejection email she decided not to take no for an answer .     sent college email of her own , saying she could n't accept their rejection .     message has gone viral and will even feature in duke 's campus paper .
would-be immigrants come from more than 20 countries to north africa to cross mediterranean to europe .     they risk their lives crossing deserts and mountains ; many are robbed or cheated as they try to reach the libyan coast .
heart-broken tony tancock , 56 , has won prizes for specially-bred guinea pigs .     a thief stole a dozen of his best from his home in devon and left eight behind .     says only an expert could have targetted them and left ordinary ones behind .     ` they knew exactly what they were looking for , ' a devastated tancock claimed .
larry upright 's family says he would enjoy the request .     some vow to honor it , but others say they 'll still vote for hillary clinton .
reading lost 2-1 to arsenal in fa cup semi-final at wembley on saturday .     royals no 1 adam federici made a horror mistake for second goal .     manager steve clarke insists his players will rally around the australian .
johnny sexton has featured in 11 euro knock-out games and won the lot .     racing metro 's no 10 wants to finish two-year stint in paris with a medal .     the french side face saracens in last eight of european champions cup .
stars such as katie couric and christina applegate praised the 58-year-old actress for revealing her diagnosis in a statement on tuesday .     she explained that doctors initially failed to find the cancer but that it was discovered after she sought out a second opinion .     she underwent surgery last week with hanks by her side and she is expected to make a full recovery .     wilson took medical from the broadway play ` fish in the dark ' earlier this month but is expected back on stage in may .
florida couple quincy hazel and sabrina golden-hazel ` locked up the 12-year-old girl and 17-year-old boy in a closet for days on end '     they ` were eventually allowed to sleep on the floor of a bedroom but were fed from a bucket or found food to eat in the trash '     their conditions emerged when the boy ran away from home last month and confided in a friend , who spoke to authorities .     golden-hazel claimed she home schooled the children but there were no books in the home .
osman yaya , 12 , from bennett middle school in salisbury , maryland , moderated a town hall session with the president on thursday .     during an answer about writer 's block , obama started getting a little long-winded and osman stepped in .     ` yeah . i think you 've sort of covered everything about that question , ' he said as the audience laughed .     obama grinned and replied , ` osman thinks i 've been talking too long '
new york is currently enjoying a cultural makeover .     highlights include the sculpturecenter in queens and experimental plays .     classic new york spots such as the marvellous moma remain excellent .     another highlight is the museum of moving image in queens .     icelandair allows travellers flying to the us to stop off en route .     itineraries include visits to reykjavik and the stunning golden circle .
femail 's inboxes flooded with hoax kitchen and beauty product news .     included unlikely launches like beafeater 's new vegan eatery leafeater .     we bring you the best of the april fools ' jokes doing the rounds today .
brooke geherman posted video of her son , kowen on youtube .     young boy , from alberta , canada , cradles his deceased goldfish , top .     kowen performs funeral by flushing goldfish before bursting into tears .
the direct marketing commission probing b2c data and data bubble .     investigating whether they breached rules on the sale of private data .     chief commissioner described allegations made about firms as ` serious '
davion only , 16 , captured hearts around the nation in 2013 when he made a plea for a family to ` love him forever '     later this month he will officially be adopted by his old caseworker connie bell going and her family .     davion has been living with her two daughters and another adopted boy since december .     ms going admitted it has not always been easy but says it is worth it and ` everyday it gets a little bit better '
six leeds players withdrew from squad for saturday 's match with charlton .     manager neil redfearn described the events as ` freakish ' ahead of defeat .     former leeds captain trevor cherry says it is ` disgraceful ' behaviour .     cherry wants to see the six players involved sacked by leeds .
tom ryan , 40 , had one leg ripped off and the other left hanging by a thread .     onlookers used shirt as a tourniquet in desperate bid to stop the bleeding .     witness : ` tom was screaming . one leg was laying next to him under truck '
the par 3 contest is played every year on eve of the masters tournament .     world 's best players take on a nine-hole course with wives , girlfriends , friends and their kids as caddies .     tiger woods and bubba watson were some of the many who brought the whole family along to play .     rory mcilroy brought one direction 's niall horan to caddie the contest .     the masters tournament kicks off thursday at 8am in augusta , georgia .
paul mcgowan avoided a jail sentence after police attack .     midfielder under house arrest and will miss two games against celtic .     the 27-year-old is on a 16-week restriction of liberty order .
the 130-page songbook contains 70 songs with titles including pubic hair and the kotex song as well as bestiality .     one of them , the s&m man , is set to tune of the candy man and graphically describes sexually mutilating women .     revealed in lawsuit filing by four sexual-assault victims who want to stop the practice of sexual assault allegations within the military being handled entirely within the command structure .
frida ghitis : president barack obama is right to want a deal , but this one gives iran too much .     she says the framework agreement starts lifting iran sanctions much too soon .
jessica kemp , 32 , has slammed seminole county elementary in eustis .     faculty have threatened to remove her kindergartner son logan .     claims the oils aide him and have n't caused problems before .     school district have said they will not suspend him as it 's a ` health issue '
warning : graphic content .     terrorists killed 148 people in the garissa university college massacre .     kenyan special forces took seven hours to arrive at the scene .     some journalists arrived at university before troops , who came by air .     government defended slow response time with football analogy .
he released the video flaunting his wealth to 5 million instagram followers .     it shows mayweather sitting in his las vegas mansion counting his money .     rap song blares over the footage saying : ` big crib , ten cars , twenty acres '     boxer expected to get # 120million for fight with manny pacquiao on may 2 .
tulsa reserve deputy robert bates investigated in 2009 over his behavior .     concluded that he got special treatment and received questionable training .     he has pleaded not guilty to manslaughter over death of eric harris , 44 .     73-year-old killed the father after drawing gun instead of taser during sting .
dame sally davies has ordered review into cost of giving out free vitamins .     comes after a rise in the number of cases of rickets in children in the uk .     increase is being put down to fact children spend less time outside playing .     rickets can cause bone deformities such as bowed legs and a curved spine .
eve addison developed strange swelling in her collarbone after gin .     switching brands did n't help and she felt dreadful on nights out .     after suffering night sweats , tests revealed she had hodgkin lymphoma .     one symptom is swollen lymph nodes in neck , which can hurt after alcohol .
designed for use on light tactical vehicles such as the humvee .     initial trials with low power lasers have already taken place .     the 30kw system is expected to be ready for field testing in 2016 .
gorilla leaps toward exhibit window and hits it , sending family running .     zoo says patrons were never in danger .
fethiye cetin learned of her armenian heritage from her grandmother .     the grandmother survived the 1915 killings , assimilated , then kept her real identity hidden .     cetin , others want turkey to recognize the killings as a genocide ; the government has refused .     in the last decade a more public dialogue on the subject has begun in turkey .
wladimir klitschko will match joe louis ' record of 27 heavyweight bouts .     he is set to take on bryant jennings at madison square garden .     klitschko has dominated the heavyweight division for nearly a decade and says he is still fighting fit , shrugging off any talk of retirement .     jennings insists he is not intimated by his opponent 's record .
mohamad saeed kodaimati , 24 , faced two counts of making false statements involving international terrorism .     saeed was born in syria and became a naturalized american citizen in 2008 at age 17 .     the 24-year-old allegedly lied to fbi he had not been involved in any fighting , had never fired his weapon and did not know any isis members .     posted photos on facebook carrying guns and posing with known isis militants .     in online posts , saeed allegedly bragged about working for sharia court and fighting in battle that lasted four months .
john noble , 53 , took his own life waiting in line at the m resort buffet .     shot himself in the head because his free buffet pass had been taken away .     had been awarded the biggest winner pass for the studio b buffet in 2010 .     it was revoked in 2013 after he was accused of harassing female employees .     the pass was confiscated three weeks after his mother passed away .     noble sent a local las vegas newspaper a 270-page suicide note and dvd .     posted increasingly rambling facebook posts prior to suicide pledging to discover ` the truth '
astronomers have used a telescope in new mexico to watch a star form .     named w75n -lrb- b -rrb- - vla2 it is 300 times brighter than the sun .     images from 1996 and 2014 show how it is beginning to take shape .     it could provide unprecedented insight into how huge stars are born .
steve spowart rescued his friend 's horses stranded in deep storm water by paddling out to them on a surfboard .     the animals were in flooded fields near dungog , in the nsw hunter region .     one of the horses was caught in barbed wire and became startled as mr spowart tried to free it .     dungog is one of the areas hardest hit in the state by what 's being called the storm of the century .     three people have died in the severe weather and four houses were washed away .
mass cremations have been taking place next to the bagmati river , the waterway which divides the nepalese capital .     plumes of white , acrid smoke were seen floating across kathmandu as hundreds of bodies were burned in pyres .     city 's sacred temple overwhelmed with number of bodies while wood needed to make pyres is starting to run out .     almost every space along the river 's banks is being used for rites , despite hundreds more bodies still being found .
sir ranulph fiennes is the oldest briton to complete marathon des sables .     veteran explorer , 71 , said the 256km race is n't set for old geriatrics like me '     he has raised almost # 1million for marie curie by completing six-day event .
michelle unveils full lipsy summer range .     star , 27 , was also unveiled as face of tanning brand recently .     swears by peanut butter smoothies and alkaline food delivery service .
the man , known only as jason , is filmed popping the ganglion on his wrist .     involves hammering a needle into his arm with the handle of a screwdriver .     a sticky ball of see-through jelly emerges from the cyst afterwards .     doctors do not advise popping ganglions as more fluid returns in future .
when tumours in lungs are suspected , patients can face a raft of tests .     some even need surgery to find out before lifesaving treatment can begin .     now doctors at university college london hospitals nhs foundation trust are able to start vital treatment much sooner after single procedure .     it even allows them to assess instantly the type and severity of the cancer .
a bubbler at a melbourne high school has been dispensing recycled water .     students at st peter 's college in melbourne may have been drinking treated sewage water for around 16 months .     the horrific discovery was made by maintenance during school holidays .     investigation is under way by the department of health and human services .     students were at risk of contracting gastro while drinking from the bubbler .     the other 20 bubblers at the school have been tested and deemed safe .
fbi director james comey suggested in remarks last week that poles were accomplices during the holocaust .     comey 's comments are offensive to poles as they had no role in running death camps and were themselves victims of the third reich .     poles see themselves as heroes of the war who have never been properly recognized , making the comments yet more hurtful .     the remarks came shortly before the 72nd anniversary of the warsaw ghetto uprising , which was commemorated on sunday .     the u.s. ambassador to poland , stephen mull , was called to the foreign ministry in a formal act of protest .     the incident echoes a gaffe by president obama in 2012 when he referred to ' a polish death camp ' - he offered his regrets for the error .
scientists at vanderbilt university explored how to reduce infection risk .     found all stuffed toys they swabbed showed signs of bacteria growth .     urged parents to wash and sterilise any cuddly toys before surgery .
spieth set a new masters scoring record with a 14-under 130 through two rounds at augusta national .     this was spieth 's sixth round as a professional here and his worst score is level par .     the next tiger ? that is a heap of pressure to drop on young shoulders .
belle gibson has finally admitted she never had cancer .     ` no , none of it is true , ' she told the australian women 's weekly .     she said she did not expect forgiveness .     the whole pantry founder 's empire is in tatters .     she also reflected upon her questionable relationship with the truth .     ' i am still jumping between what i think i know and what is reality '     magazine insists it did not pay ms gibson for the story .
bikram choudhury pioneered ` bikram yoga ' - practicing yoga in a room heated to 105f - and has a huge following , including celebrities .     he has been accused of unwanted sexual advances in six civil lawsuits .     speaking out about the accusations for the first time , he has denied ever assaulting the women and said he feels sorry for them .     he became emotional when asked how his wife of 30 years has reacted to the claims , saying : ` she never looks at me anymore '
gang of at least three poured gasoline on a car at south la gas station .     before the fire was started , the gang attempted to rob the driver of his car .     two people were inside white dodge charger when it went up in flames .     no one was hurt and la fire department is investigating crime as arson .
young babies are more sensitive to pain than adults , according to study .     doctors previously assumed very young babies had high pain threshold .     new findings by oxford university shows newborn babies do react to pain .
annegret raunigk , 65 , from berlin , is pregnant with quadruplets .     pregnant following artificial insemination using donated sperm and eggs .     refused ` selective reduction ' abortion and will keep all four babies .
patients using mindfulness-based cognitive therapy -lrb- mbct -rrb- had the same recurrence rates as people taking anti-depressants .     mindfulness meditation teaches people to focus on the present moment .     experts said mbct courses could be offered as an alternative to drugs .
grace mann , 20 , was found dead in fredericksburg , virginia , last week .     local reports say she had a plastic bag stuffed down her throat .     roommate , a 30-year-old fellow student , has been charged with murder .     parents paid tribute to her , and students rallied at memorial service .
the controversy over indiana 's religious freedom law is complicated .     some factors you might have not considered .
locals in the remote area of jharkhand state believe the ceremony has the power to protect their village .     participants are tied to a wooden pole by their feet and gradually lowered into the roaring flames below .     as those taking part get closer to the fire , a hindu priest throws oil to intensify the blaze ever further .     those escaping injury are deemed worthy to take part in the next stage of the ceremony - walking on hot coals .
free app is available on facebook , android , ios and on desktop browsers .     it starts with four squares and asks you to identify the different shade .     board grows to up to 81 squares and differentiation is subtle each time .     and a score of 31 or above is a considered a sign of ` great eyesight '
boston marathon takes place monday , two years after bombing , and sentencing phase of trial begins tuesday .     kayyem : it was n't the puritan ethic but good disaster response that kept the marathon bombing from being even worse .
robin van persie has been linked with a move from manchester united .     holland international 's son shaqueel has been showing off his skills .     the dutchman 's son scored with a scorpion kick made famous by colombia keeper rene higuita .
cheltenham town are battling to stay in league two with two games left .     manager gary johnson became manager of the club at the end of march .     he got the team to sign a piece of paper promising to give their all .
nigel farage is considering quitting smoking because of ` terrible ' back pain .     ukip leader was n't ` firing on all cylinders ' at the start of election campaign .     suffering from flare-up of spinal injury and been prescribed sleeping pills .
65 parmigiani watches given to fifa delegates at world cup in brazil .     fifa ethics committee ordered the watch be given back .     greg dyke did not give his back as he wanted to auction it for charity .     dyke has now given the watch back with all 65 to be donated to charity .
drive began on march 22 near san francisco 's golden gate bridge .     car arrived in new york city today - before auto show opens on april 3 .     drive used a specially adapted audi sq5 and drove itself 90 % of the time .
festival also includes novelist kate mosse and explorer ranulph fiennes .     event attracts more than 30,000 visitors to idyllic venue in wiltshire field .     lord fellowes will discuss huge social change brought by first world war .
prime minister david cameron faced six other party leaders .     none of the leaders are expected to land a majority in the may 7 election .     no leader delivered ` killer line ' but he was ` most impressive ' on economy .     pollsters touting this election as closest since 1970s , inevitable coalition .
mark and carrie are reprising their roles as luke and leia , respectively , which were introduced in 1977 .     harrison , 72 , was not at the star wars panel in anaheim but he did appear at the end of the episode vii trailer .     ford crashed his vintage airplane on an la golf course in march and suffered several injuries .     producer kathleen kennedy said the veteran actor was a ` hero ' was at home ` resting '
former new england patriots tight-end was convicted wednesday of killing odin lloyd and sentenced to life in prison without parole .     hernandez , 25 , will face a judge in boston later this year in 2012 drive-by shooting that left two dead .     athlete is accused of shooting two immigrants from cape verde daniel abreu , 29 , and safirdo furtado , after nightclub spat .     hernandez signed five-year , $ 40million contract with patriots after drive-by shooting and played for another season before lloyd was killed .     hernandez faces two counts of first-degree murder , armed assault and weapons charge .     had his $ 5million in assets frozen pending the outcome of the drive-by shooting trial .
in a 2012 video , bus monitor and grandmother karen huff klein , 68 , wiped away tears as she was verbally abused by middle school students .     one of the bullies has been accused this week of forcing a special needs student to drink urine at greece athena high school .     mrs klein said : ` they did n't learn any lessons from the other ordeal . i do n't think they ever will '
kenyatta leal was handed life sentence for firearms in 1994 .     inside san quentin he was accepted to unprecedented tech scheme .     prisoners who never experienced the internet learn to code .
google handwriting input works on android phones and tablets .     handsets can under 82 languages in 20 distinct scripts .     works with both printed and cursive writing input with or without a stylus .
melbourne based fashion brand elliott label makes it in hollywood .     founder kylie gulliver has partnered with pussycat dolls ' robin antin .     the pair initially met through instagram .     stars including drew barrymore and mimie elashiry attended us launch .     the luxe label features leather staples and tailored pieces in range .     next the design duo are set to launch sport range .
police said the circumstances of the disappearances of hannah wilson and lauren spierer are ` eerily similar '     spierer , 20 , went missing in 2011 after a night partying with friends ; her body has never been found and no criminal charges have been filed .     wilson 's body was found on rural land about 10 miles away last friday and it is believed she died of blunt force trauma .     daniel messel , 49 , has been arrested in her death ` after a cellphone at her feet was traced back to him and he had blood inside his car '
weather experts predict temperatures will dip by around ten degrees .     plunge means britain will be colder than moscow , stockholm and finland .     arctic airmass from iceland to blame for the sharp change in temperature .     forecaster also predict thousands of runners could be in for wet london marathon .
emmanuel adebayor is behind harry kane and roberto soldado at spurs .     adebayor last appeared for tottenham in 3-0 defeat at man united in march .     tottenham are keen to get rid of the striker who earns # 170,000 a week .     west ham tried to sign adebayor in january but deal did not go through .
police discovered the body of a female at a national park on friday .     it is believed to be the remains of teacher stephanie scott , 26 .     the body had been burnt and a gasoline can was found nearby .     vincent stanford , a cleaner at her school , has been charged with murder .     stanford 's family led police to cocoparra national park north of griffith .     forensic testing will be carried out on the remains of the body .     ms scott was due to marry her partner aaron leeson-woolley on saturday .
four-time masters champion made the announcement on friday .     he said he has worked a lot on his game and is excited to compete .     woods last competed on february 5 at the farmers insurance open when he walked off the course because of tightness in his lower back .
trading standards officials in buckinghamshire and surrey raised alarm .     officers said they were ` likely to contravene food imitation safety rules '     the eggs bear a striking similarity to the sugar-coated chocolate treats .
the 79th masters got underway on at augusta national on thursday .     but who are the wives and girlfriends who will be cheering the players on .     here , sportsmail brings you the lowdown on the masters wags .
sergey burkaev , 16 , and konstantin surkov , 17 , ` confessed ' to murders .     duo are also said to have raped one of the girls before cutting her throat .     the accused and their victims were at a house party in kumertau , russia .
the grand dame of broadcasters believes that monica lewinsky has the right stuff to bring the view back from the brink .     the former white house intern would also draw great guests - although probably not hillary or bill clinton .     her recent ted talk on ` the price of fame ` redefines her story as the first victim of cyber-bullying .     in recent weeks nielsen ratings showed that the talk beat out the view for the first time but the view made a comeback .
hiroshi ueda patented the ` extender stick ' at camera firm minolta in 1983 .     he came up with the invention after struggling to find anyone to take pictures of him with his wife while they were on a family holiday in europe .     it used a mirror on the front of compact cameras to help the photographer .     but the idea was not a commercial success and the patent ran out in 2003 .
liana barrientos married ten men in eleven years - even marrying six of them in one year alone .     all of her marriages took place in new york state .     her first marriage took place in 1999 , followed by two in 2001 , six in 2002 , and her tenth marriage in 2010 .     barrientos allegedly described her 2010 nuptials as ` her first and only marriage '     she is reportedly divorced from four of her ten husbands .     the department of homeland security was ` involved ' in barrientos ' case , the bronx district attorney 's office has said .
rebecca francis ' photo with a giraffe was shared by ricky gervais .     francis was threatened on twitter for the picture .     francis , a hunter , said the giraffe was `` close to death '' and became food for locals .
john truong of renton , washington says sister dropped off 2-year-old boy ronnie tran at his house tuesday .     sister alyssa chang told him the boy was her boyfriend 's son and they wanted to have a date night .     while scanning facebook the next morning , truong read an amber alert issued for the boy and then called police .     truong 's sister was arrested for kidnapping tran and his mother , with the help of the toddler 's grandmother , 65-year-old vien nguyen .     nguyen later turned herself into police for questioning .     the motive for the abduction has not yet been released .
romance was born show at mbfwa was held on thursday morning at art gallery of nsw .     designers luke sales and anna plunkett presented a typically eccentric collection of bold prints and colour .     fashion week wraps up thursday night with johanna johnson show .
nick clegg lists why lib dem support ` collapsed ' in economist interview .     blames ` protest voters ' who did n't want to take responsibility for collation .     claimed public sector workers left because pensions hit and jobs cut .     says those reasons were more important than policy decisions he made .     tory source says interview ` sums up ' clegg , who ` is like a petulant child '
aaron kaufman , former chief technology officer at blue shield , was fired .     company says it sacked him for blowing cash on company credit card .     also alleged that he brought tara reid to company-funded events , where she 'em barrassed ' members of staff by posting raunchy shots online .     other alleged expenditure includes florida vacation which cost $ 17,491 .
eric cantona stars in a french film called ` you and the night '     the film includes a scene with cantona on all fours in just his pants .     the former manchester united midfielder says it is not a porn film .     cantona says of the film : ` it 's a piece of art ... it 's beautiful '     read : cantona whipped in film based around an orgy .     cantona : man utd will be in title race next season under louis van gaal .
carlos colina , 32 , pleads not guilty to battery , improper disposal of body .     cambridge police found torso in bag before finding head in recycling .     a saw , rope and cleaning supplies were found in colina 's apartment .
britain is home to a grand array of wildlife , from birds of prey to dolphins .     you can glimpse the most magical of marine mammals at cardigan bay .     you can also glimpse the elusive red squirrel at formby in lancashire .
ee shops will stock free chargers so people can revive phones while out .     other smartphone users can sign up to service for # 20 .     comes after research found 60 % customers said battery wo n't last a day .
taylor davis , 20 , was seen in the kissimmee , florida store , touching himself and following a female shopper on tuesday .     he told deputies he went to walmart to do some shopping and listened to audio porn on his phone while inappropriately touching himself .     the disney employee engaged in similar behavior at the theme park .     the 20-year-old was arrested on disorderly conduct and criminal mischief and booked into the osceola county jail .
family seen riding through streets of san miguel de tucuman , argentina .     police tracing two adults and four children who were not wearing helmets .     family 's actions condemned on social media sites after picture put online .
richard attenborough 's treasured possessions will go under the hammer .     actor-director died aged 90 last year and his items will be sold at bonhams .     his son , richard , says it would n't be possible to keep all of the belongings .
attorney general holder reiterates justice department policy on prostitutes .     soliciting prostitutes is banned , even in places where it 's legal , holder says .     his memo comes weeks after a report involving dea agents and prostitutes .
warning : graphic content .     air force jets blitzed two jihadi camps in the gedo region bordering kenya .     cloud cover made it difficult to establish damage caused or the death toll .     kenyan special forces ` took seven hours to arrive at scene of massacre '
fullips device was created by linda gomez and her daughter krystle .     works by creating a mini-vacuum while you suck on the apparatus .     charlotte griffiths puts the suction-thimble that is sold for # 30 to the test .
figures come a week after jeremy clarkson was dismissed from the bbc .     top gear took up first , third and fifth spots in iplayer top five for february .     episode two of the bb2 show 's last series was watched 2,645,000 times .
peggy was given to a paranormal investigator by her terrified former owner .     the doll is believed to be haunted and trigger migraines and chest pains .     peggy is said to have correctly predicted the death of one woman 's cat .     psychics speculate that she is ` jewish ' and possibly a holocaust victim .
april 19 marks 20 years since the oklahoma city bombing .     the bombing was carried out by domestic terrorists .     today 's domestic terror threats range from eco-terrorists to anti-government extremists .
clooney , 37 , appeared at national press club to address imprisonment of former maldivian president mohamed nasheed .     high-powered lawyer was joined by nasheed 's wife , laila ali .     amal clooney told reporters she will appeal to us government to put pressure on maldivian officials in order to secure nasheed 's release .     george and amal dined in new york city with her parents tuesday .
labour leader described himself as a ` jewish atheist ' on visit to jerusalem .     campaign tour stopped off at praise house community church in croydon .     miliband vows to do everything he can to protect religious freedom .
rama the elephant , who completed paintings with his trunk , died monday , oregon zoo officials announced on facebook .     zoo officials said rama 's leg was hurt in 1990 , when older female elephants shoved him out of the herd and he went into a moat .     they said rama was euthanized after health problems from the leg injury .     elephant group free the oregon zoo elephants has claimed zoo officials should not have placed rama with the females at a young age .
west brom 2-3 leicester city : jamie vardy 's injury-time winner seals it .     vardy put in a 10-out-of-10 performance at the hawthorns on saturday .     the leicester striker is a hard worker and can rarely be faulted .
600 fewer gps open in the evenings and at weekends , labour has claimed .     andy burnham will say the figures are a timely reminder of the ` nhs crisis '
alistair brownlee beat javier gomez in a sprint finish in south africa .     he was tripped but recovered in his world triathlon series return .     olympic champion warned rivals he ` should only get fitter from here '     great britain 's vicky holland won the women 's race on saturday .
demetrious johnson retains his ufc flyweight title .     the 28-year-old beat kyoji horiguchi by submission in montreal .     quinton jackson beat fabio maldonado in ufc 186 co-main event .     win was jackson 's first victory in the ufc since 2011 .
sam pearce goes by the name sam worthen when he works as a model .     he walked in new york fashion week this february while his brooklyn , new york school was closed for winter break .     the 24-year-old has worked for the likes of dnky , diesel and alexander mcqueen .     mr. pearce says he opened up about his double life in an effort to raise money to buy his students books on go-fund-me .
female jihadis shown firing ak 47 rifles and parading in the syrian countryside .     the group of women enthusiastically chant slogans about islam and jihad .     fully dressed in burqas , some of the women appear to struggle with their weapons .     the footage was filmed near the ancient pilgrim site of st simeon 's church , around 60km from the syrian city of aleppo .
faith myers , 14 , from nebraska , was filmed by her mother as she woke in bed still high from the procedure 's anesthesia .     footage shows her being quizzed about what she would like to eat , with the thought of a shake clearly filling her with dread .     ' i do n't want all the boys in my yard , ' she mumbles .     after sausages are also given a thumbs down , faith and her mother finally settle on jell-o .
dutch and canadian study looked at 100 men and women .     meals made the person they were with ` warmer ' and ` more ` likeable '     chewing raises the levels of ` feel-good ' chemical serotonin .
db4 put british cars back on map going 140mph and 0-60 in nine seconds .     bought in 1962 after ustinov won best supporting actor oscar for spartacus .     great british movie star was loved tv personality until his death in 2004 .     car set to sell for double what it fetched at auction when sold four years ago .
scott was driving pierre fulton back to his house after taking him to a nearby church to collect a bag of vegetables on april 4 .     but they were pulled over for his broken tail light and scott fled from cops .     he was shot multiple times by officer michael slager , who was charged with his murder after a passerby released cellphone footage of the death .     fulton , who had known scott for several years , said he does not know why his friend ran and did not see the shooting .     ` he is torn up , ' his lawyer said .
the friends were on their way to see les misérables on broadway when a conductor on the 6 train called for help .     the men , who are all police officers in their native sweden , wrestled the suspect to the floor and held him until nypd could arrive .     ` we 're no heroes , just tourists , ' says uppsala , sweden , police officer .
lawsuit tried to block encinitas union school district from teaching yoga .     family 's lawsuit said yoga promoted hinduism and inhibited christianity .     4th district court of appeal in san diego upheld court ruling against suit .     district said yoga taught in secular way to promote flexibility and balance .     yoga taught to district 's 5,600 students at twice-weekly , 30-minute classes .
hong kong banker alleged murder case adjourned until may .     the 29-year-old rurik jutting is accused of killing two indonesian domestic workers .
sergio ramos was superb in midfield during win over atletico madrid .     ramos is filling in for injured luka modric in central role .     real madrid legend is primarily a centre-back , but can play elsewhere .     spain star started his career up front , and even fools around in goal .
audrey pekin says she was brutally raped while on family holiday to bali .     ms pekin claims she was raped by nigerian national henry alafu .     pekin family has questioned why mr alafu was not arrested by police .     ` he went from a man to a monster , ' ms pekin says of her alleged attacker .     mr alafu allegedly raped ms pekin twice , once in a home and once in a cab .
in response to lawsuit , ncaa says it does n't control quality of education for student-athletes .     but its website emphasizes importance of education , `` opportunities to learn ''     lawsuit claims students did n't get an education because of academic fraud at unc .
confessed to dr. phil that she is struggling with alcohol in emotional interview .     spoke about her arrest on april 16 when she was taken into custody at the beverly hills hotel for a ` drunken incident '
naturalists in paradise tells the tale of an early trio of british explorers .     in 1961 the young oxford graduates set off to explore the iriri river .     alfred russel wallace , henry bates and richard spruce found a paradise .
the earthquake that struck nepal has left thousands of nepalis without shelter .     torrential rains making situation worse ; food and drinking water supplies could become a serious issue soon .     it 's unclear how bad conditions are closer to the epicenter .
seven-car train beat previous record of 361mph -lrb- 580km/h -rrb- set in 2003 .     it made use of a magnetic charge to lift and move it above a guideway .     maglev service between tokyo and nagoya will begin running in 2027 .     train 's engineers are planning new attempt to reach 373mph -lrb- 600km/h -rrb- .
kylie jenner is the youngest of the kardashian-jenner family .     she is fast becoming one of the most lucrative sisters because of her style .     millions of teenage girls on social media copy her make-up and fashion .
two russian companies have started offering unusual service this year .     one message can cost as little as $ 6 , or # 4 , so it is a cost effective method .     american fastfood chain posted an ` advert ' to its russian page this month .     but critics have pointed out it is unlikely to have mass market appeal .
liverpool have released their new kit for the 2015-16 season .     the reds have had plenty of memorable strips from down the years .     sportsmail picks five favourites from home and away kits .
lexy wood , 13 , apologized after ruining cinderella for rebecca boyd .     offended moviegoer , whose husband was recently laid off , approached teen after movie and said that she should be more considerate .     they were ` loud , rude and obnoxious ' throughout the movie .     mother kyesha wood found out about behavior and searched for boyd .     she eventually found the mother after social media post went viral .     mothers now share a bond and families have had dinner together .
harry kane became the youngest premier league captain this season .     the tottenham striker skippered his side during 0-0 draw with burnley .     kane still believes tottenham can qualify for the champions league .
mauricio pochettino believes competing in the europa league makes things ` difficult ' for premier league clubs .     tottenham were knocked out of europa league by fiorentina in february .     pochettino 's side have struggled for results in recent weeks .     spurs face premier league clash against newcastle on sunday .
the person climbed the fence on the south side of the white house complex .     charges are pending .
horrifying cctv footage shows two dogs tearing into a three-legged cat .     dogs dragged family pet into a garden before mauling it to death .     a woman arrives and calls the dogs away but leaves the cat to die in agony .     warning : graphic content .
lisa mcelroy , 50 , who teaches legal writing at drexel university , reportedly sent the ` inappropriate ' message on march 31 .     when recipients clicked the enclosed link , they were allegedly directed to a video of ' a woman engaging in a sexually explicit act '     mcelroy appeared on the popular game show in 2010 with then-host meredith vieira but lost the game after reaching just $ 12,500 .     along with teaching law , mcelroy is also an accomplished author with a number of published biographies and children 's books .     has been placed on leave while school investigates .
martin guptill has been recalled to the new zealand test squad .     guptill has not represented the black caps at test level since 2013 .     paceman matt henry has been called up to the test squad for the first time .     james neesham will miss the tour because of a hamstring injury .
drug company accused of trying to block trials aimed at promoting a ` cheap , safe and effective ' treatment for sight loss on the nhs .     it ` bullied ' experts who tried to prove drug can be used to treat blindness .     avastin is effective at tackling wet age-related macular degeneration .     cheaper than the current treatment it would save nhs # 102million a year .
to counteract shifts in gravitational pull , engineers build typhoon on ` floating ' concrete rafts with laser trackers and computer-automated jacks .     this # 2.5 million system means the jet is accurately aligned .     elsewhere , the jet fighter can reach supersonic speeds in 30 seconds .     and the typhoon helmet lets pilots ` see ' through the bottom of the jet .
ruth ben-ghiat : italy 's colonial past plays a key role in the migrant humanitarian disaster in the mediterranean .     she says african migrants still bound to histories of exploitation that shaped their home countries long after end of italian rule .
investigators have been searching andreas lubtiz 's internet search history .     lubitz sought information online on various methods of taking his own life .     he is also believed to have researched the cockpit door locking system .     investigators now want to determine why the captain left the cockpit .
villagers in shangdong are seen using bags as long as six metres .     it is becoming a common behaviour in some villages since 2011 .     previous investigation suggested gas in the bag are often stolen .     gas carriers have little understanding of dangers claiming it to be safe .
gender-based violence is at epidemic levels in guatemala .     according to the united nations , two women are killed in guatemala every day .     five abuse survivors known as la poderosas have been appearing in a play based on their real life stories .
prime minister tony abbott promised a strong police presence on april 25 .     it comes after five teenagers were arrested in pre-dawn raids on saturday .     they were arrested over an alleged terror plot targeting anzac day events .     mr abbott urged public not to be deterred and continue with their plans .
ryder cup-winning captain paul mcginley speaks highly of rory mcilroy .     world no 1 wants to be ` an iconic figure in world sport , ' said mcginley .     mcilroy 's not all about winning titles , he wants to propel the game forward .     mcilroy could be the sixth man to win the grand slam at augusta national .     he is the favourite for the masters , where his best finish there is eighth .     mcginley said mcilroy intimidates opponents , but not like tiger woods did .
christopher marinello has tracked down # 250million worth of stolen art .     he was central to recovery of # 1billion nazi-looted hoard found in attic .     detective set up sting to return nine artworks stolen from la mansion .     art theft is third highest-grossing criminal trade , behind guns and drugs .
bystanders stopped to rescue a lost brood of ducklings in d.c. tuesday .     cnn 's brian todd and khalil abdallah paused to capture the scene .
lib dem leader makes a promise to take ` politics out of the classroom '     in last government lib dems ran business , energy and scotland .     but clegg reveals plan to demand control of major public policy area .     accuses tory minister michael gove of imposing ` ideological gimmicks '
philips has unveiled its latest lamp , the hue go , which thanks to its wireless and rechargeable features can be moved wherever you want .     the lamp uses a rechargeable li-ion battery and can offer up to three hours of continuous light after a 90-minute charge .
errol louis : new book to detail alleged conflicts of interest with foreign donors to clinton family charities .     he says without smoking gun , it 's likely not election deal-breaker for americans worried about issues like economy , jobs , schools .     louis : more notable is mismanagement , ethical history of clinton charities .
bridesmaids star expressed his frustration in a sarcastic tweet .     he mocked the airport with the hashtag ` #scarybaby '     his wife , dawn o'porter , gave birth to their son in late january .     travellers can ` carry enough baby milk or baby food ' in their hand luggage .
the freshman senator beefed up his campaign store ahead of his presidential announcement this morning .     rand fans will find the usual array of yard signs and bumper stickers - but they 'll also be able to sport their support with more unique items .     macbook skins and woven blankets feature paul , flip-flops and car mats bear the slogan ` stand with rand ' and there 's branded cornhole boards .     for $ 1,000 supporters can buy pocket constitutions signed by paul .     paul 's campaign store reflects the 52-year-old lawmaker 's efforts to appeal to a new generation of conservatives .
at least one person died as a result of storms in illinois , an official says .     fire department : rescuers searching for trapped victims in kirkland , illinois .
up to one in five chinese eateries could be selling soup using illegal meat .     charity says it is often disguised on menu or only offered if requested .     loophole lets people bring 20 kg of meat into uk for personal consumption .
glenn roeder joins sheffield wednesday as part of new management team .     the former newcastle boss joins stuart gray who is currently in charge .     adam pearson has also been brought on board for the committee .
rosa camfield of gilbert , arizona became an internet celebrity just before her death on monday .     a picture of camfield and her newborn great-granddaughter kaylee was shared thousands of times when it was posted online last week .     daily mail online spoke with camfield 's family who detailed her amazing life story .
british airways pilots reveal their favourite plane views and where to sit .     experience aerial shots of the grand canyon without forking out for expensive helicopter tours .     sit on the right to see the incredible sydney harbour as you leave the city .
university of cambridge scientist has revealed his green source of energy .     by using just moss he is able to generate enough power to run a clock .     he said panels of plant material could power appliances in our homes .     and the tech could help farmers grow crops where electricity is scarce .
sir bruce said it can be ` more cruel to do nothing ' than to let someone die .     said he would like the right to be able to chose the timing of his own death .     he cared for first wife penny calvert after she was moved into care in 2008 .     ms calvert , whom he divorced in 1973 , died in 2014 after battling dementia .
tony toutouni has amassed 750,000 followers on photo-sharing site in eight months thanks to outrageous posts .     la-based entrepreneur is endlessly surrounded by supercars , piles of cash and bikini-clad women in pictures .     he 's friends with controversial instagram playboy dan bilzerian and says ` it 's not hard to get any girl you want '
toby escaped out the back gate from his wendy stokes ' garden in kent .     he was picked up by a driver on a nearby road and taken to a rescue centre .     six months later he was re-homed with a couple in margate - 22 miles away .     toby had ` stokes ' written on his shell so the couple tried calling every stokes in kent before reuniting him with wendy 11 months after escape .
doncaster posted highlights video on the club 's youtube channel .     the yorkshire side drew 0-0 with fleetwood in league one encounter .
tryster won the coral easter classic at all weather finals in lingfield .     jockey william buick predicted bright future for the winter derby winner .     godolphin stable dominated the event with three winners in feature races .
bag was found outside biogen inc. in cambridge , massachusetts saturday .     video surveillance led police to nearby apartment where more remains were found in a common area .     cambridge police are treating situation as a homicide investigation .     a person was arrested in the case but no details have been released .
v.k. singh is leading the operation to evacuate indians trapped in war-torn yemen .     the minister reportedly said the exercise was less exciting that visiting the pakistan high commission .     angry singh branded a section of the media ` presstitutes ' after they quoted him .     congress called his statement ` abusive ' and ` lamentable '
doctors and nurses have criticised ashya 's parents in bbc documentary .     dr wilson claims chemotherapy was essential to reduce chances of five-year-old 's cancer returning .     complained of ` vitriol ' to which he had been subjected as a result of case .     consultant warns case - which saw parents ignore medical advice to take ashya to prague for proton beam therapy - could set a worrying precedent .
one man 's entrepreneurial quest turned into unexpected success .     `` 100 days of rejection '' took jiang out of his comfort zone .     it 's the fear of rejection , more than rejection itself , which holds us back .
van was driving down dual carriageway near coastal city of salé , morocco .     footage shows the moment it starts repeatedly swerving across two lanes .     video taken by following motorist captures van crashing down on its side .
victoria prosser , 33 , stood up and heckled david cameron during debate .     she spoke about homeless people who had served in the armed forces .     claimed she heckled him because she wanted people to question ` the 1 % '     ms prosser is said to be a ` health and wellbeing ' worker who votes green .
snack amnesiacs are mindless munchers who subconsciously snack .     situational snackers have busy schedules and are often stressed out .     super snackers plan ahead and nibble only when their body tells them to .
a series of photos sees japanese dads jumping next to their daughters .     they are part of a new book by japanese photographer yûki aoyama .     the book 's title roughly translates as daughter and salary man .
dax internet addiction treatment centre in beijing has welcomed 6,000 patients since it opened its doors in 2006 .     the military-style bootcamp claims to have cured 75 per cent of their addiction to electronic gadgets .     internet addiction or wangyin is said to affect 24 million of the china 's 632 million web users .
robin wright was married to actor sean penn for nearly 20 years .     after huge success in forest gump she forfeited fame to raise her children .     now 49 , she says she has ` no regrets ' following success of house of cards .
bogan shire council in nsw is planning a statue to honour its namesake .     it would depict a ` bloke ' in shorts and singlet carrying a rod and tuckerbox .     mayor ray donald said the statue could have tourism benefits .     would join the trend for ` big ' things in country towns .     existing icons include the big merino , the big banana and the big pineapple .
olivia phillips , 30 , rocked head-to-toe moschino .     went to the supermarket and an art event - and got lots of attention .     people stared , helped her with her shopping and said she looked like a cake .
tracey says there are certain things that give away a heart-breaker .     she lists the six behavioural traits that will give him away .     tracey says that honesty and maturity are signs of a keeper .
almost 1 million pages of documents donated by bomber 's lead attorney .     they reveal mcveigh viewed himself as a ` paul revere-type messenger '     also thought his defense team should receive $ 800,000 from the government .     1995 attack killed 168 and was deadliest terrorist attack on us soil at time .     mcveigh was executed by lethal injection in 2001 at the age of 33 .     co-conspirator terry nichols convicted separately and got a life sentence .
ronnie o'sullivan is a five time world snooker champion .     the rocket revealed his mind wanders to his stomach during games .     the world no 2 claims he never gets nervous hunting a 147 break .     the 39-year-old was speaking in an interview with forever sports .
the account 's creators have made ` thousands ' of one-of-a-kind pieces for the iconic doll .     she actually travels to new york , paris , london , and miami to be photographed in beautiful outfits .     famous designers like moschino and rachel zoe have styled her .
elijah mckenna , 11 , was mauled by neighbor 's three rottweilers in oklahoma saturday .     his 9-year-old sister , alyssa , came to his rescue by scaring off the dogs and carrying injured boy home .     elijah sustained deep cuts to his head and countless bite marks all over his face and body .
hanghang was playing on the phone after waking up early for school .     he said the phone felt hot and then blew up in his hand .     it left his jawbone exposed and injuries to his hand , leg and knee .     experts blame battery as most likely cause of blast .
the flashgap app is free for ios and android devices .     photos and videos taken on the app disappear into a hidden album .     they only reappear at midday the next day and are shown to all attendees .     app was inspired by the film the hangover starring bradley cooper .
neymar : ` it will be a great game between two great teams with excellent players . that means it 'll be a real spectacle '     barcelona face psg in the french capital on april 15 .     barca saw off manchester city in the champions league previously .
royal caribbean 's legend of the seas docked on tuesday in san diego with 135 sicken passengers aboard .     on monday , celebrity 's infinit docked with 106 ill people .     both ships had sailed from fort lauderdale , florida , for a 15-night voyage .
everton and chelsea have perfect records with three wins each .     southampton , man city and man united are the only other unbeaten sides .     arsenal are still yet to win following an international break this season .     liverpool are similarly poor with one win and two defeats .     six clubs are yet to win after an international break , find out who here ...
sheriff stanley glanz told a press conference on monday that the fbi investigation had cleared his department over the april 2 death .     robert bates , a 73-year-old reserve deputy , continues to face second-degree manslaughter charges over the death of eric harris .     the two full-time deputies seen in the videotape of the incident have been reassigned for their own safety .     sheriff glanz said he does n't believe reports that bates ' training records were falsified and that he has in intention of resigning over the incident .
princess , 25 , spotted in sports luxe outfit in new york with a friend .     cousin of princes william and harry is working at auction house in city .     celebrated her 25th birthday at the end of last month .
new research finds direct link between exam stress and performance .     london headteacher michael ribton says revision plans , flashcards and cram techniques can all help children prepare for the exam season .     he advises parents that extra tuition and bribes should n't be necessary .
the rare albino dolphin lives at the taiji whale museum in southern japan .     its thin skin means it changes colour when it 's emotional like a human .     the animal was captured during the annual dolphin hunt in taiji last year .     activists filed a lawsuit against the museum for withholding information .     but the museum claims the animal is kept ` physically and mentally healthy '     researchers from the museum released a study on the animal in march .
jessica ennis-hill to compete for the first time since giving birth .     mo farah and greg rutherford also set to take part in anniversary games .     anniversary games set to take place between july 24-26 .
peggy siegal said panel did not want british director steve mcqueen to win .     her allegations were revealed in hacked emails from sony .     she said they believed it would paint their country in a bad light .     the group were also concerned because of the film 's dark message .
pilot declared emergency but plane crashed in woodland just off runway .     everyone on-board the piper pa-31 aircraft was killed in the tragedy .     investigators in florida trying to establish what caused the plane crash .
one man was killed and another seriously injured after last night 's fight .     the victim has been named locally as james gregoire , 54 , from clacton .     the men involved in the fight are all believed to have known each other .     essex police said they arrested a man , 21 , in connection with the killing .
jacqueline martin has two themed houses using inspiration from her favourite childhood book .     the wonderland house and looking glass cottage are available to be booked for parties and hen dos .     unique details include a custom-made tea party table with quotes from the book , and teacups for seats .
a man rescued twice in the same night after falling from boat dock .     it happened at cockle bay wharf in sydney 's darling harbour .     the man fell in the first time and was rescued .     before paramedics could wrap him in a foil blanket he fell backwards again .     darling harbour is known for it 's treacherous waters .
nathan dailo , from sydney , posted a video to his youtube channel demonstrating how he gets his three-month-old son seth to fall asleep in just 42 seconds with a single piece of white tissue paper .     the clip of his son drifting off has since received more than 1.7 million views since it was posted last month .     when savannah tried the method out for herself , eight-month-old vale just giggled at her .
art and photography community , boredpanda has created the thread .     babies are in costumes from comic books , sci-fi films , books , tv shows .     characters include princess leia , wonder woman , olaf from frozen .
jimmy anderson could move past ian botham 's record during first test .     anderson is just four wickets away from beating botham 's tally of 383 .     the lancashire fast bowler has always been a natural swing bowler .     lowest points of anderson 's career have come with too much tinkering .     peter moores deserves credit for allowing bowler to be himself for england .
bear was hunting along the brooks river katmai national park , in alaska .     might have gotten lucky after fish jumped almost directly into his mouth .     but the dozy creature allowed the salmon to slip through his claws .
sudan is the last hope for a species on the verge of being wiped out .     rangers in kenya risking their lives to keep the 43-year-old rhino safe .     but ivory is now fetching as much as # 47,000 per kilo as demand grows .     animal sanctuary ol pejeta trying to raise money to help pay for guards .
toni elliot , 53 , thought she had hurt a tooth when she sat for dinner at puckett 's boat house in franklin , tennessee , on thursday .     however , when she spat out the mouthful she was chewing she discovered a pearl in the palm of her hand .     forty-nine precious stones followed .     as naturally-occurring pearls are rare , it 's expected that elliot 's stash could fetch a princely sum .
the official advert for the pay-per-view fight has been released .     floyd mayweather and manny pacquiao meet on may 2 in las vegas .     the advert shows them squaring up with the mgm grand visible behind .     amir khan : mayweather and pacquiao have n't heard of kell brook .     freddie roach : pacquiao will knock mayweather out .     click here for all the latest mayweather vs pacquiao fight news .
pauline bruce 's neighbour yvonne plagued her for seven years .     yvonne made silent phone calls day and night and shouted abuse .     taunted her husband , tony , when he was diagnosed with terminal cancer .     ' i was frightened for our lives , ' said pauline , from ludlow , shropshire .
mark doggett has trained his two dogs to sniff out the destructive fungus .     his border collie and english springer spaniel had six months training .     when they find dry rot they stop , stare at it and point with their nose .
lionel messi posted a picture of his son and wife on instagram .     message read : ` waiting for you baby . we love you . '     messi 's first son thiago was born in november 2012 .
tournament performances have restored andy murray to world no 3 .     but it 's wedding to kim sears that takes murray 's no 1 spot this week .     murray is due to marry fiancée sears in dunblane this coming saturday .     there are believed to be well over 100 names on down-to-earth guest list .
ellie laing spoke out against claims of being hired for looks alone .     the australian claimed jim carroll only employed pretty , anglo-celtic girls .     the article claims sbs is having an ` attractive ' overhaul to boost ratings .     it 's believed karen middleton sbs political reporter 's departure comes after she did n't ` fit the bill '     laing said article did not take into account decade of working ` damn hard '     told daily mail australia that reaction to her letter has been supportive .
julian zelizer : in early weeks of the 2016 campaign , candidates and potential contenders have stumbled in small ways .     he says chris christie 's words about social security and marijuana may haunt him .
lewis hamilton features on front cover of the may issue of men 's health .     formula one champion opens up about the meaning behind his tattoos .     hamilton discusses faith and the physical demands of being an f1 driver .     hamilton : ferrari ? do n't be silly ... i am staying with mercedes .     click here for all the latest news from the world of formula one .
kevin pietersen has managed to outplay the ecb 's media personnel .     adam wheatley says mission sports management had no outside help .     andy flower 's job description is similar to new director of cricket role .     former glazer family spokesman tehsin nayani is releasing a book .     west indies ' shivnarine chanderpaul hoping to play with son tagenarine .
company developing a password that stays lodged in your stomach .     jonathan leblanc , the company 's top developer , said that the devices would be powered by stomach acid and include mini computers .     added that technology had become so advanced that it allowed ` true integration with the human body '
phnom penh , the cambodian capital , fell to the genocidal khmer rouge 40 years ago today .     at least 1.7 million people were killed in the subsequent four years , before the regime was driven out .     decades on , the country is still struggling to gain justice for victims and heal from the genocide .
andrea catherwood stayed at the modern masterpiece hotel arts .     dined in the hotel 's two michelin-starred flagship restaurant , enoteca .     drank miraval rosé from brad pitt and angelina jolie 's estate in provence .     of all the stunning buildings , the one i 'm drawn to is gaudi 's casa batllo .     a great city to get lost in with some of the best sights not in tourist guides .
liam treadwell booked to ride monbeg dude in saturday 's grand national .     he won on venetia williams-trained 100-1 shot mon mome in 2009 .     monbeg dude is co-owned by rugby union star mike tindall .
prince harry pays his respects at the tomb of the unknown australian soldier .     he is starting a four-week attachment with the australian military .
clothing can include moratex pack which instantly hardens on impact .     has been shown to stop bullets in lab tests - yet wearer can move around .
three tops with the error on the left sleeve sent to hampshire constabulary .     chairman of hampshire police burst out laughing when he saw the mistake .     two officers will continue to proudly wear the t-shirts despite the mistake .     they will only wear the tops ` internally ' and not when they are out patroling .
hotels around the world are now hiring top designs to craft their uniforms .     narcisco rodriguez designed dresses for park hyatt new york hotel staff .     at toronto 's shangri la hotel , sunny fong was inspired by the ming era .     london-based nicholas oakwell created a vintage look for the rosewood .
philippe mexes own goal disallowed in controversial circumstances .     milan keeper diego lopez makes several good saves to keep scores level .     draw keeps both sides stuck in mid-table after disappointing seasons .     mauro icardi misses late chance to win the game for inter as game ends goalless .
fossilised skull of daspletosaurus - a close relative of tyrannosaurus rex - found to be covered in bite marks that suggest it was eaten after it had died .     palaeontologists believe another daspletosaurus scavenged on the body .     the skull was found in dinosaur provincial park in alberta , canada , in 1994 .     it also carried wounds that appeared to have been inflicted during battles .
jess knight , 20 , was surprised by ed sheeran at auckland hospital .     she had planned on being at his auckland concert at the weekend .     however , jess was diagnosed with leukemia two weeks after buying the tickets last october .     she launched a social media campaign to beg sheeran to visit her .     british singer spent 30 minutes with an ecstatic jess and her friends .
fossils found in cave of llenes in catalonia , spain suggests neanderthals lived alongside other predators like badgers , bears , wolves and leopards .     large quantities of stone tools were found in ` camps ' at the cave entrance .     bones of sheep , deer and rhino that neanderthal 's hunted were also found .     several carnivores used the cave as a den at the time 200,000 years ago .
chef matt kemp and former footballer mark geyer have spoken out about their anger issues .     kemp said his ` uncontrollable rage ' cost him his marriage and his business .     once , the celebrity chef called his ex-wife a ` c *** ' on national television .     while geyer said he would get into a lot of fights after drinking alcohol .     the former nrl player said he turned it around after the birth of first child .
wendy wei mei wu has purchased the private 217 hectare slipper island .     her daughter claims her mother is undecided on future plans for the island .     it offers two airstrips and six houses with ocean views and nearby beaches .     the sale divided the needham family , who owned the island for 45 years .
baby sonit awal found in rubble of nepal earthquake , sunday morning .     spent 22 hours buried under his home after 7.8-magnitude quake .
veteran kenny bayless has been named the third man in the ring for the highly anticipated bout between floyd mayweather and manny pacquiao .     bayless has supervised countless high-profile fights in las vegas before now , including several of both mayweather 's and pacquiao 's .     he will celebrate his 65th birthday on may 4 , two days after the fight .
dennis sears edited his will to leave everything to carer nermin kancefer .     included three-bed riverside flat in surrey and # 400,000 in shares and cash .     family challenged the will but agreed a settlement due to high legal costs .     the carer exploited the ` vulnerable ' childless widower , his family claimed .
the flash pack co-owner lee thompson photographed incredible uses for scooters in southeast asia .     award-winning photojournalist thompson was with a 14-day tour of vietnam and cambodia in april .     woven baskets filled with chickens and pigs , and unique child seats seen on the scooters .
james krainich was almost two when he toppled from second floor window .     mother michelle newman ` heard a pop ' and then saw his heels disappear .     james died in hospital nine years ago after losing consciousness from fall .     his family play games at his grave every year and hope their story will be a warning to other parents about dangers of putting furniture near windows .
jacob phillips plunged down cliff after leaping over a fence in the dark .     got out of the taxi to ` use an atm ' before running away , inquest heard .
the queen was spotted enjoying a ride in windsor great park today .     rode her favourite fell pony , a mare named carltonlima emma .     left hard hats at home and opted for one of her favourite scarves instead .
manny pacquiao and floyd mayweather fight in las vegas on saturday .     the day of the bout is a national holiday in the philippines .     pacquiao ca n't be compared with other sports stars - there 's none like him .     he has tv shows , plays , coaches basketball and sings .     pacquiao is a twice-elected and popular congressman in his homeland .     saturday 's fight will be worth at least $ 300m .
joanessa clawson , 35 , her husband james , 38 , and her mother patti ann baldassarre , 68 , all face felony conspiracy charges .     they ` set up the page claiming the couple 's three-year-old daughter had a heart infection after undergoing surgery and asked for $ 3,000 '     after other parents expressed their suspicions , mrs clawson ` provided them with the number of a nurse - which led to her own mother 's phone '     a teacher asked police to check on the girl and she was found to be well .
japanese maglev train sets new speed record : 603 kilometers per hour .     the train is planned to begin service in 2027 .
freezer trawler with crew of 132 sank 205 miles off kamchatka peninsula .     at least 54 of the sailors are dead and a further 63 have been rescued .     reports suggest dalny vostok may have hit drifting ice in pacific waters .
qantas ' on time rating slipped to 75th out of the 80 airlines using heathrow .     the airline could loose their eight landing strips at the popular airport .     they are also facing a fine in excess of $ 38,000 for every flight that 's late .     qantas blamed air congestion at heathrow and dubai airports .
a photographer has captured images of amazing caves near a volcano in the russian far east .     denis budkov , 35 , trekked inside the dangerous caves to capture the colourful scenes on show .     in the images pink , yellow and green ice can be seen on the roof of the cave .     the fantastic colours are the result of sunlight streaming through the glacial ice .
police seized rafi , 10 , and dvora , 6 , in a maryland park on sunday and their parents say they were n't reunited by cps for hours .     scientists danielle and alexander meitiv believe in ` free range parenting ' meaning the children are afforded total independence from infancy .     the meitivs were found guilty of neglect in march . after sunday 's incident they were forced sign a paper pledging not to leave them unattended .
racing fans dressed in their finest outfits have arrived for ladies ' day .     event is one of the most anticipated of the racing and fashion calender .     anxious to boost the image of event , today 's theme was ` chanel-inspired '
tikrit is under the control of iraqi forces , iraqi prime minister says .     isis departs , leaving city strewn with booby traps , explosive-filled vehicles .     officials hope to avoid shia reprisals for isis slaughter of air force recruits .
according to scientists , perfume really can make us more attractive .     lavender has been shown to calm and soothe the mind .     citrus smells evoke images of health and cleanliness .
ted cruz has built a brand as a stalwart conservative on fiscal issues .     but he 's also eager to champion social issues at a time when many republicans are eager to avoid them .     cruz says the gop needs to unite young libertarian-minded voters and evangelicals .
jonathan brownlee won the second race of the itu season in auckland .     brownlee also prevailed in australia , seeing off mario mola by 19 seconds .     his brother alistair is expected back from injury in cape town on april 25 .
wellness guru and app developer belle gibson lied about having cancer .     ` no , none of it is true , ' she told australian women 's weekly .     ' i am still jumping between what i think i know and what is reality ' , she said .     leading psychologist believes gibson could be suffering from both anti-social behaviour and narcissism disorders .     jo lamble says the wide adoption of technology and social media mean that small lies can easily get out of hand .
eden hazard put in a man-of-the-match performance for chelsea .     mesut ozil was in fine form for arsenal as they beat liverpool .     joey barton helped qpr to an emphatic 4-1 win over west brom .
s300 barely takes off before plunging back to the ground .     minute-long clip shows people dashing for cover as rocket hits ground .     mishap comes shortly after footage of crash killing missile engineers .
woman reported ` someone ' had been run over , but victim was a squirrel .     another man dialled 999 to say he dropped a burger which was ` bleeding '     east of england ambulance service warned hoax calls can cost lives .
ipswich denied three points as wolves fight back to draw 1-1 on saturday .     manager mick mccarthy hails qualities of ` horrible bunch ' of players .     richard stearman 's own goal had given ipswich an early lead at molineux .     but benik afobe equalised on 50 minutes with close-range volley .
kate winslet wears size nine shoes and her titanic co-star leonardo dicaprio found the size of her shoes hilarious .     scarlett johansson , gwyneth paltrow , sandra bullock , angelina jolie , and cate blanchett all have huge feet .     jerry hall , elle macpherson , katie holmes , and uma thurman also have feet bigger the average uk shoe size .
jihadis were fighting in hammam al-alil , south of their mosul stronghold .     several of them sustained injuries so visited local doctors for treatment .     doctors reportedly refused to help because they did not support isis .     terrorists then dragged the 10 men out in to the desert and shot them .
raquel d'apice , a comedian and mother-of-one from new jersey , has created a series of comedy posts called yelp reviews of newborns .
cheng chen inspired to make suit after watching film with younger brother .     to cut cost , he used plastic instead of metal at a price of just 60p per sqm .     weighs just 4kg and comes with helmet , laser gloves and power backpack .
homes with waitrose nearby cost 12 % more than those not near a branch .     study found houses cost # 38,831 more than homes without the shop .     but having budget store like lidl nearby means house could be worth less .
mls team orlando city the latest team to be linked with javier hernandez .     the manchester united striker has not impressed on loan at real madrid .     united have made andreas pereira an improved contract offer .
leanne kenny reached 20st after starting work as a check out girl .     she would take reduced products home and snack on them each night .     she has since joined weight watchers losing 7st and ten dress sizes .
leader said she understands concerns about snp being part of coalition .     miss sturgeon also suggested pm had been ` not unhelpful ' to her party .     polls indicate snp is on the brink of a historic landside victory in election .
flight 448 had just taken off when the pilot heard banging from beneath .     la-bound plane was forced to return to seattle for emergency landing .     worker emerged calm but was taken to hospital as a precaution .     cargo hold was pressurized and temperature controlled , so the man was not in danger .
st louis was hit tuesday by flash floods .     a nearby town had more than two inches of rain in less than half an hour .
police say the woman and child were stranded in their vehicle as the water rose around them .     around 150 water rescues as kentucky residents continue to leave homes .     seven inches of rain pounded ohio valley as storms move across south .     dozens of vehicles abandoned as sections of the interstate 64 closed .
terrifying footage was filmed from 91st floor of a shanghai skyscraper .     repeated heavy bangs can be heard and cracked two panes of glass .     cleaners trapped in the platform suffered minor injuries in the incident .
andy murray and kim sears will tie the knot on saturday april 11 .     wedding reception will be held at tennis star 's hotel cromlix in kinbuck .     biggest star likely to attend is one-time british tennis star tim henman .
the world happiness report highlights the happiest countries .     people live longer and experience more generosity and social support in these counties .     the united nations first declared a world happiness day in 2012 .
paula creamer won the 2010 women 's us open .     creamer suggested a women 's event could be staged the week following the men 's showpiece in april .     jordan spieth stormed to his first masters title earlier this month .
chief justice john roberts , 60 , arrived in rockville , maryland court on wednesday .
clint gee travelled six hours to place his mother 's ashes with his father .     mr gee forced to dig hole himself , after council ` co-ordination error '     had organised with council to reunite his mother and father in same plot .     ` it was shattering ... i got out there and there was no hole dug , ' mr gee said .
lincicombe beat lewis on third play-off hole to claim first win since 2011 .     she jumped into water hazard at mission hills to celebrate victory .     lincicombe carded an eagle on the par-five 18th to draw level with lewis .     she then prevailed in the play-off to claim a sixth lpga tour title .
alfred hitchcock was born in 1899 in leytonstone , east london .     he later became ` one of the most distinguished directors in the world .     but his insecurities began to seep into his cinematography .     actress tippi hedren once said ` he was almost obsessed with me '
student is no longer on duke university campus and will face disciplinary review .     school officials identified student during investigation and the person admitted to hanging the noose , duke says .     the noose , made of rope , was discovered on campus about 2 a.m.
cases of nine out of 12 journalists awaiting trial were dropped today .     urgent review of cases prompted after lucy panton 's conviction quashed .     former news of the world reporter was first to be found guilty in case .     calls made outside old bailey to stop ` persecuting innocent journalists '
the boy picked up the condom in his school playground at bennett elementary in bennett , colorado last week .     his mother said it would be a year until her son had the all-clear from his std testing .
bbc foreign correspondent malcolm brabant had a yellow fever vaccine .     24 hours later he had been reduced to a sweating , shivering wreck .     had a fever for two weeks then psychosis : ' i went completely bonkers '     spent two years in and out of mental institutions , unable to work .     even attempted suicide , but has fortunately made a full recovery .
victor prout created a makeshift dark room on board a boat he used to travel along stretch of the river thames .     prout captured images of iconic landmarks in the 1850s , such as the houses of parliament and windsor castle .     images are oldest surviving documented record along the river and are remarkably similar to those of today .     collection , contained in the book of the thames , is to be sold for almost # 30,000 at the oxford book fair .
kevin carr set off on his epic journey from haytor , dartmoor in july 2013 .     he is now less than 24 hours away from completing his epic trip .     mr carr ran around the world unsupported - taking his own tent with him .     he is set to break the previous record held by an australian by 24 hours .
a ceremony was held on boylston street on tuesday morning to mark two years since the april 15 , 2013 bombings .     the family of eight-year-old martin richard , the youngest victim to lose his life , helped unveil commemorative banners at the site .     jeff bauman , who lost both his legs , also walked along the street on his prosthetic legs with his wife erin and their baby daughter nora .     he also greeted carlos arredondo , who helped save his life .     a moment of silence was also held at 2.49 pm to mark the first of the explosions , which killed three people and left more than 260 injured .
jurors begun deliberations in aaron hernandez 's murder trial on tuesday afternoon after the prosecution and defense made their closing arguments .     the former new england patriots football player is accused of killing semi-pro player odin lloyd , who was dating his fiancee 's sister , in june 2013 .     his defense said on tuesday that he witnessed his friends , ernest wallace and carlos ortiz , kill lloyd but did not commit the shooting himself .     his lawyers said the prosecution has not proven he pulled the trigger .     hernandez faces life in prison if convicted of the murder .
fa cup is set to be named emirates fa cup as part of sponsorship deal .     emirates also sponsor real madrid , ac milan , psg and arsenal .     airline also purchased naming rights emirates stadium in 2004 .     la liga giants madrid sealed lucrative deal with emirates in 2013 .
traditional jedi rules forbid any knights from marrying because it is thought it will lead them to the ` dark side '     colin gilpatric , from sacramento , was therefore concerned that if he became a jedi , he would n't be able to find a wife .     the aspiring jedi , who has autism , penned a letter to george lucas to see if he would consider changing the rules .
jennifer mcgirr , 61 , said windows to tower view hotel in blackpool were smashed and she received intimidating phone calls .     believes it was due to remarks she made on channel 4 's ` four in a bed '     cctv footage shows a man checking he is not being watched before hurling a brick through the window of the budget hotel .
due date believed to have been between last wednesday and yesterday .     kate , 33 , plans to give birth at st mary 's hospital in paddington , london .     she may have already spoken to doctors about option of being induced .     bookmaker 's 6/1 joint favourite for birth date is tomorrow and tuesday .
rory mcilroy heads to the masters hoping to complete a career grand slam .     bose have released a video chronicling mcilroy 's early career .     the 2015 masters kicks off at augusta on april 9 .     read : mcilroy warned tiger woods he would catch him after penning golf legend a letter ... when he was just nine years old !     click here for all the latest news and build-up to the masters 2015 .
poppy , 23 , married childhood sweetheart , sam myers in chelsea .     couple said vows in front of 12 guests before reception at mayfair hotel .     poppy carried picture of father dean , who died in 2011 , in her bouquet .
sabrina rubin erdely wrote ' a rape on campus ' which was published in rolling stone in november .     the story focuses on a university of virginia student named jackie who claims to have been gang raped by seven men two years ago .     soon after it was published , jackie 's story came under questioning and rolling stone was forced to issue an apology .     the columbia journalism school has been conducting an independent review of what went wrong in erdely 's reporting .     they will publish their findings sunday night at 8pm .     sources tell cnn that erdely will issue an apologetic statement after the review is published .
the opening of the championships have been delayed after heavy rain .     the $ 10 million program will be moved to monday instead .     punters will be able to use tickets they purchased for the saturday event .     monday 's warrick farm card will be moved to wednesday .     while the wednesday program has been completely abandoned .
government jet carrying president tomislav nikolic went into a dive .     incident , which occurred last friday , initially blamed on ` engine failure '     serbia 's civil aviation directorate found cause was actually a coffee spill .
youtube star promise tamang often recreates disney princess make-up .     she used contouring to replicate the bad fairy 's chiselled cheekbones .     promise has 2.8 million subscribers and often posts tutorial videos .
sandra garratt died on good friday after more than a year spent in agony .     the 56-year-old underwent two operations on her back for a slipped disc .     but her pain was so severe afterwards not even morphine could relieve it .     days before her death doctors said there was nothing more they could do .     mrs garratt 's grieving husband said the news had been ` the final straw '     hours before her death , she told him she was ` just popping out ' for awhile .     for confidential support call the samaritans in the uk on 08457 90 90 90 , visit a local samaritans branch or click here .
the curious canine kitchen is a ` holistic restaurant for four-legged friends '     for # 20 per dog , your pet will be treated to a slap-up five-course set menu .     all proceeds will be donated to amazon cares , a street dogs charity .
twitter account claimed to be linked with group behind anti-islam protests .     originally believed reclaim australia gave control of feed to a supporter .     however , ` jeremy ' began to tweet jokes as the protest in sydney started .     thousands attend reclaim australia rallies across the country .     protesters clashed with anti-racist activists in sydney and melbourne .
jenson button denied 100th race start for mclaren after ers failure .     button then spent much of the bahrain grand prix on twitter delivering his verdict on the action as it unfolded .     lewis hamilton has out-qualified and finished ahead of mercedes team-mate nico rosberg at every race this season .     bernie ecclestone confirms f1 will make its bow in azerbaijan next season .
natalie whitear , 35 , suffers from prosopagnosia : facial blindness .     rare condition means she is unable to recognise faces , even her own .     she confuses her daughters and walks past lifelong friends in the street .     has developed coping strategies like recognising people 's hairstyle or walk .
rangers have been beaten three times by edinburgh clubs at ibrox thisseason .     manager stuart mccall wants victory over championship winners hearts .     rangers defeated edinburgh hibernian at easter road recently .
darren stanton is a former police officer and uk 's leading human .     says statistically it 's a myth that a liar ca n't look you in the eye .     also explains blink rate may double or triple and liars often twitch .     faster or slower breathing and becoming less animated also signs .
juan arango has apologised for his bite on monterrey 's jesus zavala .     arango had earlier scored a free kick in his team 's 4-3 defeat .     the 34-year-old venezuela captain has admitted he was in the wrong .     he was not punished in the game but could face retrospective disciplinary action from the mexican league authorities .
lisa morgan , 40 , amended site to claim her boyfriend had been unfaithful .     top of the world roofing website says it 's ` ceased trading at present '     site now claims boss was ` unfortunately found out to be cheating again '     met sean meade , 45 , in august but soon grew wary when he was never in .     contacted his estranged wife , jo , who told her he had cheated on her too .
collette dinnigan 's paddington $ 6 million home has hit the market .     she and her husband bradley cocks paid $ 4.45 million for it back in 2009 .     the luxury house will go under the hammer on may 23 .     the four-bedroom , two-storey sandstone property was built in 1880 .     the fashionista and her husband have carefully renovated the property .
researchers recorded chimps hunting with tools at fongoli in sénégal .     tool use was spotted on 300 occasions and 60 % was by females .     male chimps did more hunting but tended to capture prey with their hands .     the findings may provide clues as to how humans first learned to use tools .
ap mccoy retires on saturday after riding at sandown .     mccoy has been champion jockey every year he 's been a professional .     he 's won two cheltenham gold cups and the grand national .     mccoy was the first man to ride 4,000 winners .
paris saint-germain begin early discussion with paul pogba .     french champions have been tracking pogba 's availability .     real madrid may have to pay iker casillas # 10million to leave the club .     yaya toure remains inter milan 's main summer transfer target .
rangers were beaten by queen of the south in the scottish championship .     derek lyle opened the scoring for the hosts following a first-half corner .     lee wallace own goal doubled the doonhammers ' lead after the break .     gavin reilly completed the upset that dents gers ' hopes of second place .
the markets in rio de janeiro 's slums - known as ` crackland ' attract people from all walks of life looking to get high .     from pregnant young mothers to hopeless old addicts users come day and night to smoke crack in plain sight .     brazil , according to recent studies , is the world 's top consumer of crack cocaine with estimated 1 million users .
north carolina political also-ran also called rep. renee ellmers an ` idiot '     aiken also placed second on the second season of american idol .     ellmers ' spokeswoman says his ` crude language ' shows ` why he is a runner-up '     entertainer also vented about finding gay lovers in new york city and claimed he has slept with at least one fellow celebrity .     promised to run for office again ` within the next decade '
` project elysium ' app creates a ` personalised afterlife experience '     it transforms a person 's movement and memories into digital models .     some say this prevents people from moving on from losing a loved one .     project elysium has been entered into the oculus vr jam 2015 contest .
psg host barcelona in the first leg of their champions league quarter-final .     paris saint-germain are without the suspended zlatan ibrahimovic .     in his absence , edinson cavani must raise his game as the main attacker .     the uruguayan is being courted by louis van gaal at manchester united .     cavani will come up against luis suarez who was born in the same town .
stephen dodd photographed asif bodi and abubakar bhula praying during half-time at anfield last month .     he captioned the image : ` muslims praying at half time #disgrace '     liverpool fc now say they will take action against dodd over the post .
bone from more than one human dates to the late mesolithic in 5,600 bc .     it was recovered from a pit with charcoal remains , in landford , essex .     evidence suggests ancient people respected and cremated their dead .     it was previously thought that nomadic people simply abandoned them .
the pm said the snp and labour presented a ` clear and present danger '     he said the two parties were ` really on the same side ' in the election .     mr cameron said ed miliband can only become pm with the snp 's support .     comes ahead of tonight 's live tv debate between the main ` challengers '     mr cameron and the lib dem leader nick clegg will not take part .
jamie vardy scored late winner to ensure his side claimed all three points at the hawthorns .     west brom led for the majority of the premier league clash thanks to a goal by craig gardner .     darren fletcher opened the scoring before david nugent levelled the scoreline after 20 minutes .     robert huth struck with 10 minutes to go to make it 2-2 before vardy hit winning goal .     west brom wore 1968 fa cup kit in honour of former striker jeff astle on ` astle day '
jordan ibe showed off the impressive dance move on his instagram .     the liverpool star has broken into the first team during this campaign .     ibe is currently on the sidelines after suffering a knee injury .     click here for all the latest liverpool news .
coleen rooney and nadine coyle have signed up to race for life .     stars also posed for cancer research 's new campaign for the event series .
71 % of voters say they do n't need to know about families of politicians .     only a quarter feel it is important to know about leaders ' domestic lives .     ed miliband , david cameron and nick clegg have all invited the tv cameras into their homes and given their wives prominent campaign roles .
nasa scientists in california have revealed a distant image of curiosity taken by the mars reconnaissance orbiter .     it was taken from an altitude of 187 miles -lrb- 300km -rrb- up , revealing where the rover is heading towards .     one interesting aspect is that the rover 's tracks can not be seen behind it in the image .     this may be due to martian weather or that they are the same colour as the surrounding surface .
huddersfield residents began to have problems after heavy rain last year .     neighbours reported issues with drains , streetlights and cracks in doors .     also told of loose fence panels and have suffered problems for 11 months .     harron homes admits it is ` genuinely sorry for the inconvenience caused '
plan was revealed in an email sent out to youtube partners .     consumer can pay for an ` ads-free ' version of youtube for a monthly fee .     believed new service will launch on 15th june .
migrant women hope to reach europe so their babies will be born there .     hundreds of arrested migrants are detained in libya while officials try to figure out what to do .     a funeral is held outside a valletta , malta , hospital for migrants killed in ship 's sinking .
bali prosecutors want an australian man allegedly caught smoking a joint on the beach to serve up to 12 years in jail .     nicholas james langan , 24 , from townsville , was arrested about 1.00 am on january 27 at a beach in canggu , north of kuta .     police allege he was smoking a joint at the time of the arrest .     prosecutors said he possessed a small bag of marijuana weighing 0.86 grams .
the critters were filmed in action after getting a makeshift backboard and hoop installed in their pen .     the zoo put on a range of final four activities over the weekend for visitors including a basketball-theme scavenger hunt .     march madness is set to come to a close tonight as the wisconsin badgers and duke blue devils go head-to-head at the lucas oil stadium .
officers were on the hard shoulder of the m5 when they saw the caravan .     were forced to dive out of the way when they saw its back window open .     jumped to safety with seconds to spare before being decapitated .
camel weighed 450kg and had to be hoisted into the kiln by a crane .     mysterious marinade contains 36 herbs as well as eggs and black pepper .     chef spent five days building the giant kiln with more than 10,000 bricks .     first customer had queued for three hours for a portion .     the street feast is a part of a tourism festival in xinjiang in northwest china .
stephanie hannon , google top dog on product management for ` civic engagement , ' will help hillary navigate the digital waters in 2016 .     hannon will oversee a team that develops websites , apps and other outreach tools designed to attract democratic voters .     tech gurus are in high demand among presidential campaigns .     rand paul poached ted cruz 's senior digital strategist away last year .     hillary has also filled a few key slots with obama white house aides .
viviana keith , 27 , reported to be drunk at a nail salon in red rock , texas .     officer ben johnson arrived and found keith walking to her car .     he noticed she was drunk and moved to arrest her , claiming she resisted .     video shows him slamming her to the concrete of the car park .     she was knocked out and suffered a black eye .     charged with dwi with a child younger than 15 and interfering with pubic duties .     incident being investigated but johnson remains on the job .
the pm made the remark after carrying out a call-in on itv 's this morning .     host philip schofield announced that the next guest was a picket pocket .     cameron , who was off camera , overheard saying : ` is that alex salmond ? '
dancers performed popular move in front of monument in southern russia .     video uploaded to youtube as a recruitment tool for their dance school .     jailing women for up to 15 days , court slammed ` erotic sexual twerk dance '     just weeks ago russian dance school was shut down after video emerged of students thrusting hips on stage .
manchester united defeated city 4-2 in the premier league on sunday .     a youtube video has emerged of blues fans taunting their rivals with disgraceful songs about the munich air disaster .     23 people were killed in the 1958 tragedy , including former city keeper frank swift .
mitchelle blair , 35 , is charged with with felony murder , premeditated murder and torture .     in court she shouted : ` he 's never given a -lrb- expletive -rrb- about my daughter , ' about the father of two of her children '     accused of killing stoni blair , 13 and stephen , eight , at home in michigan .     blair 's two surviving children have been placed into a relative 's care .     state officials are seeking to terminate blair 's parental rights to her two children , as well as the parental rights of her children 's fathers .
edinho has been hired as coach of the second division side .     rivaldo currently serves as mogi mirim 's president .     edinho is the son of brazilian legend pele .     he is appealing a 33-year prison sentence .
picture shows elisha wilson beach nursing her child while on the toilet .     the photo has gone viral with more than 211,000 likes on facebook .     but many have criticized the mom of two for her bathroom breastfeeding .     la-based wilson beach says ` motherhood ai n't pretty '
alan hutton , scott sinclair and ashley westwood ruled out for aston villa .     philippe senderos & kieran richardson among doubts for tim sherwood .     yun suk-young and eduardo vargas absent for queens park rangers .     richard dunne , leroy fer and alejandro faurlin also missing for qpr .     two sides clash at loftus road on tuesday at 7.45 pm .
jay parini : bernie sanders , who is running for president , is a liberal long shot , but he 's also a populist truth-teller who speaks without fear .     he says the vermont senator could help move hillary clinton to left on progressive issues .
april 8 was huge for `` lost '' and `` empire records '' fans .     april 14 , april 25 , october 21 are other big dates in movies .
geoff haigh , 61 , wanted to marry partner heather after cancer diagnosis .     couple married at manchester register office but day was full of blunders .     guests forced to listen to wedding song 10 times in a row and venue dirty .     marriage certificate had spelling errors and wrong date and names .
retired engineer dave tyler built his own observatory in garden in 1977 .     uses powerful telescope to photograph solar system from home in bucks .     takes pictures of variety of phenomena including solar flares and sunspots .
video by extra storage space has been viewed almost 600,000 times .     features mothers and fathers offering up advice to first-time parents .     list of tips includes ` do what works for you ' and ` get on a schedule '
unnamed girl was targeted by threatening posts on social network .     was taken home from lone hills middle school in san dimas , california .     investigators believe fellow students are posting the threats .     in one message a user threatens to bring a knife to school and stab the girl .
jason edward harrington worked for the government agency for six years .     said staff would pull attractive people aside so they could touch them .     would also conduct bag checks on passengers on people they do not like .     made claims following revelation agency fired two employees in denver .     the pair manipulated body scanners so they could grope male passengers .
two people are taken into custody , but the protests -- on the whole -- are peaceful .     baltimore police commissioner sits down with the gray family .
the clip was uploaded by youtube user honda4ridered .     in another upload the skilled billiards player shows viewers how to pocket four balls in a single shot - and for those who miss it there 's a slow motion version .
the daredevil , 52 , ` was speeding in an suv when he rear-ended a car and set off a chain-reaction crash involving two other vehicles on tuesday '     he fled but police caught up with him and ` noticed he smelled of alcohol '     the crash took place in butte , montana - the town his daredevil father evel knievel helped make famous .
jonas gutierrez was an unexpected inclusion , but performed well .     dick advocaat continued sunderland 's new managers ' winning tradition .     john carver left jack colback exposed to sunderland hate at left back .
opulent palace in tripoli - which once had a zoo , fairground and pool - was razed to the ground during revolution .     libyans were ` even afraid to look at walls of palace ' , for fear of being arrested while gaddafi was in power .     now his former strongholds lie in ruin , after civil war which devastated country and saw gaddafi killed by rebels .
the winner comes from mittagong in southern new south wales .     he and his wife had been ` struggling ` with ` bad times ' before the win .     two entries won the first division share of the $ 40 million jackpot draw .
liverpool host newcastle in the premier league on monday evening .     19-year-old jordon ibe has returned to the squad after six weeks out .     ibe has impressed manager brendan rodgers in training .
71 security boxes were raided over easter weekend in # 60m london heist .     in january 2013 , 294 security vaults were targeted at volksbank , berlin .     in both cases , gangs left with millions worth of diamonds , gold and silver .     both gangs used pneumatic drills on the vaults , while dressed as workmen .     police - who missed alarms during both raids - believe thefts could be ` inside jobs '
vall d'hebron hospital in barcelona claims it has carried out a world-first .     reconstructed a man 's lower face and neck in a 27-hour-long operation .     he had facial deformities , speech and vision problems and risk of bleeding .     team of 45 medical staff carried out the procedure in february .
started dating in july 2014 , two months after her split from ex-husband .     second wedding for nikki following previous marriage to paul mcdonald .     tied the knot in romantic ceremony in santa monica mountains .     guests included lea michele and her boyfriend matthew paetz .
rose put himself in contention , ending the second day on seven under .     it took a neat bit of psychology to rescue his round after a disastrous start .     rose bogeyed three of the first four , finding himself playing from the trees .     and that was where the magic pencil line came to his rescue .
`` we all share the same pain , '' valerie braham tells memorial day crowd in israel .     her husband , philippe braham , was among 17 killed in january 's terror attacks in paris .     french authorities foil a new terror plot -- a painful reminder of widow 's recent loss .
duli hembrom wrote to the principal at milan mithi uchha vidyalaya .     said parents refused to cancel the wedding and did not want to go ahead .     child marriage restraint act specifies a girl must be 18 before she can wed .
christians will decline from 75 % of us population to just two thirds in 2050 .     muslims will outnumber christians in the world by 2070 , report predicts .     christians are expected to fall below 50 % of the population in uk by 2050 .     statistics have been revealed by washington dc 's pew research center .
the song rules the chart for 13th week .     it passes robin thicke 's `` blurred lines ''     song three weeks from potentially tying `` one sweet day '' for record .
peter tarsey and his wife , jean , both 77 , each killed with single bullet .     friends went to their villa after being unable to reach them on phone .     they found them in each other 's arms ` like he was protecting his wife '     british expat friend : ` it was like something out of your worst nightmare '
grigor dimitrov plays gael monfils in monte carlo masters quarter-final .     world no 9 stan wawrinka looked listless and disinterested in the defeat .     defending champion did n't get on the board until the match 's fifth game .
april morris of south carolina , thought she 'd never see her beloved pit bull , nina louise , again after she went astray in december 2013 .     but this past saturday she could n't believe her eyes when she saw footage of the malnourished pup 's heartbreaking rescue on the nightly news .     morris called the local humane society to claim the pit bull and identified her by detailing two white spots in the fur behind her head .     she collected the dog and her ten puppies .
cristiano ronaldo scored five times in real madrid 's 9-1 win over granada .     ronaldo posts picture with a bike on twitter .     real madrid star tells followers ` exercise all you can ! '     read : which clubs have suffered most at the hands of the ronaldo ?     click here for all the latest real madrid news .
the internet is raging about a cat going #upordown .     the debate is fueled by an optical illusion photo .     the story brings to mind the furor over #thedress .
pair ` visibly upset and shaking ' as they left the hong kong court together .     herminia garcia charged with ` wilful neglect ' after death of daughter .     blanca cousins , 15 , plunged to her death from luxury apartment block .     births of her and her sister never registered and girls ` did not go to school '
oskar groening is being tried on 300,000 counts of accessory to murder .     the former ss officer described how jews were marched to gas chambers .     one survivor , eva kor , told of her agony as her mother was ripped from her .
dentist dr sameer patel highlights the dental dangers of your desk diet .     some breakfast cereals contain up to three teaspoons of sugar , he warns .     swap your daily tea or coffee for green tea to prevent tooth staining .     steer clear of white bread , popcorn and watch out for ` healthy ' smoothies .
marouane chamakh , fraizer campbell and jordon mutch ruled out .     suspended crystal palace skipper mile jedinak joins them on the sidelines .     yaya toure back from an achilles injury for manchester city .     james milner expected to be available for champions despite knee trouble .
edward 's snow den was listed for a time as a snowboarding business .     when clicked on it the opening hours were revealed as 5am to 11pm .     one review for it said that it was a ` great source of classified information '     whistleblower edward snowden is thought to be hiding out in russia .
leicester have recorded three consecutive premier league wins .     the latest , a 2-0 success over swansea , lifted them to 17th in the table .     nigel pearson 's side are starting to dream of beating relegation .     esteban cambiasso has been superb for the foxes this season .     goalkeeper kasper schmeichel has also hit some timely form .
samia ghadie and boyfriend sylvain longchambon spent four days in nyc .     while there the dancing on ice stars stayed at the jw marriott essex house .     their suite on the 31st floor offered up panoramic views of central park .     the couple enjoyed a three-hour bateaux new york cruise on the hudson .     the confirm burger joint in le parker meridien hotel lives up to the hype .
it was claimed sunday that the food network star has been cheating on his wife with assistant elyse tirrell for three years .     flay 's business partner lawrence kretchmar dismissed the report , saying he 'd have known if the chef was having an affair with an employee .     tirrell , who is 28 , used to work as a hostess at one of flay 's restaurants before being promoted to be his assistant .     the celebrity chef has filed for divorce from march , 40 , after 10 years of marriage but she is contesting their prenup .
gary player considers tiger woods grand slam at 24 as best golfing feat .     south african will attend his 58th masters this week at augusta national .     player is excited at the prospect of rory mcilroy joining exclusive club .     mcilroy could become only the sixth player to win all four majors .
jonah willow played russian alexander cherniaev at a chess congress .     home-schooled 12-year-old drew the grandmaster in their two-hour game .     youngster began playing chess aged five and has represented england .
debris landed on paula viccica 's property in west pittston , pennsylvania .     she said she saw bits of paper falling from the sky for several minutes .     homeowner believes the debris came from a plane flying overhead .     she filed a complaint with the federal aviation administration .     paula said she wants an assurance ` that it does not pose a danger '
olivia munn will play psylocke in `` x-men : apocalypse '' film .     psylocke trended for hours on twitter after director bryan singer announced casting .
education secretary suggests she would not be ` happy to serve ' with ukip .     condemns farage over his attack on migrants with hiv coming to uk .     ukip leader admits support for his party has ` slipped back ' in recent weeks .     cameron urges ukip supporters to ` come home ' to the conservatives .
sabrina osterkamp was last seen leaving home in naracoorte at 12pm on sunday .     the german tourist was driving a friend 's car about 110km south to mount gambier in south australia 's southeast .     the car was found abandoned on side of road in centre of mount gambier .     the 25-year-old contacted authorities to say she was safe and well almost 24 hours later .
senior australian islamic state commander stars in new propaganda clip .     calls for attacks on australia as revenge for muslim strikes .     ` you must start attacking before they attack you '     propagandist al-cambodi has been linked to anzac day terror plot .     ` when are you going to rise up and attack them ? '
in a few years , the military will be unable to recruit enough qualified soldiers because of america 's obesity problem .     carol costello : we have a serious national security issue at hand , but it 's within our control if we could own up to it .
christy mack , 23 , claims ex-boyfriend jonathan paul koppenhaver , 33 , beat and raped her until she almost died at her home on august 8 , 2014 .     she had been asleep next to a male friend when he ` burst in with a knife '     koppenhaver , who goes by the name war machine , claims to be innocent .     mack has opened up about her recovery , now needs glasses and a wig .     the case against koppenhaver , who faces 26 charges , resumes this fall .
veteran time magazine film critic richard corliss died thursday night in new york city .     corliss reviewed more than 1,000 movies and authored four books on film .
medical experts reveal analysis of scenes likely to kill movie characters .     in real life , james bond would have died before skyfall 's opening credits .     home alone character kevin should have died from serious head injuries .     and it is ` laughable ' halloween villain michael myers survived stabbing .     the new issue of total film is out tomorrow .
martha pease : hillary clinton got her presidential bid launched by reframing who she is , what she 's about .     she says clinton took a low-key , unconventional approach , unlike marco rubio 's standard announcement .
officer jeffrey swett was allegedly run over by william bogard in january .     suspect stole officer 's car while it was running , according to prosecutors .     swett suffered broken arms , broken leg and severe head and neck trauma .     video of incident was played during preliminary hearing in court on friday .     bogard pleaded not guilty to charges including murder , assault and theft .
`` grey 's anatomy '' is in its 11th season .     derek shepherd , played by patrick dempsey , died after a car crash .
the 34-year-old convicted murderer posed for a new mugshot this week after she was sentenced to life in prison for killing her ex-boyfriend .     in her first mugshot , taken after her arrest in 2008 , arias smiled and later said she did so on purpose because she knew it would be widely published .     arias plans to appeal her conviction .
a cherry picker was called in to clear drugs from roof of hmp altcourse .     packages containing heroin and cannabis were hurled there from outside .     the throwers missed their intended targets - their inmate friends inside .
new president says he does n't know if 200 missing girls can be rescued .     march through nigerian capital marks one year since the kidnapping .     more than 200 schoolgirls kidnapped last april by islamic extremists .     crisis sparked worldwide criticism and #bringbackourgirls campaign .
bhutan measures its success with a gross national happiness index instead of using gdp .     the buddhist country is a land of myths and magic , where tigers fly and witches reside in ancient forests .     houses are decorated with dragons , animals and phallic symbols to guard against malicious thoughts .     buddhist monuments , known as stupas , are erected near rivers to defy the evil spirits that lurk beneath the water .     massive dzongs , medieval monastic fortresses , tower over the valleys decorated with prayer flags .
brightly-dressed churchgoers were on display sunday afternoon in new york city .     hats ruled the day - featuring huge eggs , butterflies , bubbles , bill de blasio and a sailing ship .     even pets got in on the action , with a contingent of dressed-up dogs making an appearance .
brazil extends ` deepest sympathy ' to family of executed brazilian .     indonesia executed eight death row inmates early wednesday .     australian pm calls executions `` cruel and unnecessary ''
airline visual identity 1945-1975 revisits a time when the skies were dominated by now-defunct airlines .     at that time flying was an exclusive experience and passengers wore their best clothes .     adverts feature drawings or photos of beautiful women , famous landmarks and natural beauty spots .     the book , published by berlin-based callisto publishers , celebrates the creative genius of the designers .
martyn uzzell died instantly when a 4in pothole threw him into path of a car .     cyclist was riding from land 's end to john o'groats for charity in 2011 .     his widow kate has now been awarded a six-figure payout from the council .     but north yorkshire county council still refuses to apologise despite coroner ruling the state of the road was to blame .
chelsea are 10 points clear at the top of the barclay 's premier league table .     they face second-placed arsenal on sunday , and can open up a huge gap .     oscar believes that winning the title can push chelsea to further success .     he admits that an in-form arsenal will pose a tough test for chelsea .     watch : chelsea fans storm emirates stadium to play practical joke .
two months after announcing he is leaving stewart has revealed that he was becoming increasing depressed watching cable news .     ' i live in a constant state of depression . i think of us as turd miners , ' he said .     stewart also confessed that his ` moments of dissatisfaction ' with the show had started to become more frequent .     comedian said he did n't have many regrets , but one was not pushing donald rumsfeld harder when he had the chance in 2011 .
corrina skorpenske , from pittsburgh , pennsylvania , took to facebook to publicly shame the person who left a cruel note on her daughter 's car .     the anonymous critic accused ohio state university student harley jo of taking away a handicap spot from ` actual disabled people '
a sneak peek at amal clooney 's wardrobe reveals she spends thousands of pounds on chic designer outfits .     outfits she is pictured in below cost at least # 66,900 but george clooney 's wife always appears effortlessly elegant .     london-based lawyer often spotted across europe in designer numbers including prada , d&g or stella mccartney .
frida ghitis : isis and other jihadi groups see women as crucial in role of caliphate they want to create .     she says the groups want to enslave women , tie them to a long outdated view of how society should work .
the hot air balloon crashed into the tower during a training session .     video footage shows balloon breaking apart as basket plummets .     people on board received cuts and bruises but all survived .     the terrifying incident took place in russia 's dmitrov district .
jacksonville , florida photographer kristina bewly took her 4-year-old daughter giselle to disney world for the first time last september .     giselle and kristina visit the park once a month and giselle wears dresses bought by her mother .     giselle , who suffers from down syndrome , models for her photographer mother at the theme park .
warning : graphic content .     justin whittington , 23 , was taken into custody in california on friday .     initially charged with child cruelty , it was dropped to ` endangerment '     on saturday , after his bail went from $ 1m to $ 20,000 , he posted bond .     whittington was ` filmed hitting a toddler in the face so hard that he falls '     he is believed to be the boy 's father , will be in court on april 24 .
lobster pound and moore in nova scotia had announced ban on loud kids .     parents criticized decision and began giving the restaurant 1-star reviews .     owner changed policy after ` hate and threats ' against him and his family .     restaurateur said he should have said ` lil diners having a moment ' and not used the word ` screaming ' in heartfelt apology .
death ring is made up of i-80 and route 101 which run beside the bay .     other hotspots include sacramento and route 94 in san diego county .     the map uses different coloured markers to highlight the species at risk .     scientists believe the drought has caused animals to take bigger risks .
deva joseph hit problems when she could n't fit handbag inside suitcase .     14-year-old left in floods of tears after flight to spain left without her .     offered to pay for bag to go in hold but was told she needed a credit card .     easyjet said it should have made an exception to policy of accepting cash .
john daniel tohill , 37 , was last heard from by his family in 2005 .     his brother tobias received a call from him on tuesday evening .     his family has hired investigators and police to track him down .     john will visit his family , in particlar his ailing father , in coming weeks .
the scantily-clad strippers danced around the casket at mr jian 's funeral .     dancers were booked by deceased 's wife as a final gift to her husband .     tradition for exotic dancers at funerals began is linked to taiwanese mafia .
russian artist marina yamkovskaia , 39 , specializes in creating life-like bird dolls and says she ca n't keep up with orders .     to make her dolls she often uses real furs , such as mink and fox , which she removes from old hats , collars or coats .
sierra sharry was eight months pregnant when her son 's father died .     a photographer was able to add lane smith to the family photo .
matt lauer donates $ 1,000 to charity for each thank you in racy bit with ellen degeneres .     betty white honoured with a lifetime achievement award .     craig ferguson wins for outstanding game show host .     entertainment tonight wins outstanding entertainment news program .
right sagittal stratum of brain is key to recognising sarcastic comments .     neuroscientists at john hopkins medical school scanned the brains of 24 stroke patients and tested their ability to detect sarcasm in 40 sentences .     the sagittal stratum is a bundle of white matter below the cerebral cortex .     the findings may help treat stroke patients who struggle to detect sarcasm .
italian musician andrea furlan was filmed playing in milton keynes .     he holds a hand-made ` butterfly landscape ' designed didgeridoo .     as he plays a tune some of the cows lift their heads and take note .     suddenly the whole herd are compelled to run towards the sound .     they stand rooted to the spot for the duration of the composition .     andrea described moment as ` an amazing and humbling experience '
a mom of two got upset when `` big hero 6 '' fabric did n't include the two female characters .     another mom called attention to gender stereotypes on a toms web page .     in both cases , the companies responded quickly to answer parents ' concerns .
danielle and adam busby welcomed five girls into the world last week .     she has only held two but described the feeling as ` amazing '     born at houston 's woman 's hospital of texas the babies are healthy .     they are the first set of all-girl quintuplets born in the us and the first globally since 1969 .     team of 12 doctors helped to deliver the babies by c-section .     delivery was at 28 weeks and took the team less than four minutes .
hotelier danny lambo said he wanted to buy natasha flynn an extravagant easter present .     the bespoke gift costs # 10,000 to buy and costs # 1,000 every time it 's filled with melted milk chocolate .     the 37-year-old is renowned for his love of lamborghinis and his luxurious lifestyle .
latasha gosling , 27 , of tisdale , saskatchewan , was found murdered in her home early wednesday .     her two daughters , janyaa , 4 , and jenika , 8 , and her son landen , 7 , were also discovered dead .     hours later police found the suspect dead at his residence , along with a six-month-old baby who was unharmed .     police are not releasing much information at this time , but did reveal the suspect and victims knew one another .
the ashton canal became filled with heavy suds due to a 6ft wall of foam created by fire crews tackling a blaze .     the fire at a nearby chemical plant saw water from fire service mix with detergents that were being stored there .     the foam covered a 30 metre stretch of the canal near manchester city 's etihad stadium in clayton .
the ex-partner of disgraced queensland mp billy gordon has opened up .     kristy peckham has spoken out about the years of abuse she endured .     he imprisoned her in her own home for three months in dubbo , nsw .     after mr gordon 's dark past was revealed he resigned from the labor party .     he refused to retire from parliament and vowed to take care of his family .     until now , the mother of his two children has been in hiding .     the violence escalated after their second child .     mr gordon has refused to comment on the allegations .
the 37-year-old rapper covers paper magazine 's april issue , in which he penned an essay about his ` world dream '
21-year-old student jackson gordon has designed and built a functional batsuit .     made with money raised on kickstarter , the outfit has received a prestigious endorsement .
real housewives of new jersey star has had his driving license suspended for two years and was fined the maximum of $ 10,000 .     state judge called his driving record the worst he 's ever seen - it included 39 license suspensions .     guilty plea included an 18-month sentence that will run concurrent with his 41-month federal sentence for bankruptcy fraud and failing to file taxes .     wife teresa currently serving a 15-month federal sentence on the fraud charges and he will begin his sentence when hers is over .
bette carrouze , 78 , a mother-of-two from brighton , loves a good party .     says other pensioners are boring because they moan about sore knees .     regularly goes clubbing in gay bars and returns in the small hours .     admits that taking the bus after a night out can be a bit embarrassing .     bette carrouze appears on oaps behaving badly , tonight on channel 5 at 9pm .
patrick and valerie jubb purchased the property in andalusia in 2008 .     they said the alterations had been legalised by land registry officials .     couple also said a certificate listed no infractions at time of purchase .     when they tried to sell local authorities said the alterations were illegal .     town hall said normal rules do not apply as estate is in a natural park .
antitrust chief said gazprom is barring eu clients from selling on its gas .     russian foreign minister sergei lavrov said charges were ` unacceptable '     ` era of kremlin-backed economic blackmail draws to a close ' - lithuania .
narrow two-bedroom home in islington , north london has sold for # 750,000 despite measuring 5ft wide in places .     the estate agency describes the property as ` well proportioned ' and includes a reception room , shower and kitchen .     it was put on the market for # 750,000 , almost double what it sold for in 2001 when it was previously put up for sale .
jay parini : when religious identity , ethics , tolerance are roiling the culture , it 's worth looking at message of holy week and easter .     he says ritual enactment of these three days is reminder that again and again the human condition moves through darkness into light .
washington , dc company united space structures wants to create a new space station .     it rotates four times a minute to create artificial gravity - with the ` stem ' and ` dome spinning in opposite directions .     it would be 1,300 ft -lrb- 400 metres -rrb- long , cost # 200 billion -lrb- $ 300 billion -rrb- and take 30 years to build .     ` we believe artificial gravity is required to support long term living in space , ' bill kemp from uss told mailonline .
geoff whitington , 63 , had diabetes and was on the verge of losing a leg .     his sons anthony and ian helped the father-of-four shed six stone .     he now loves to cycle , never eats take-aways and chooses healthy options .     doctors mr whitington is no longer diabetic -- and he is off medication .
smoke from massive fires in siberia created fiery sunsets in the pacific northwest .     atmospheric winds carried smoke from the wildfires across the pacific ocean .     smoke particles altered wavelengths from the sun , creating a more intense color .
submarine is in zvyozdochka shipyard , in northwestern russia .     no `` dangerous '' substances on the submarine , shipyard spokesman told itar-tass .
university of nebraska researcher has revealed why stress is bad for you .     limited periods of stress are good , as they release cortisol .     this is useful in helping you recover from very tense situations .     but too much will lower your immune system and make your bones fragile .
tayfun korkut was fired by hannover after the 4-0 defeat by bayer leverkusen on saturday left the club near the relegation zone .     michael frontzek will take charge of hannover for the rest of the season .     hannover are currently 15th in the bundesliga table and are on a torrid run of 13 games without a win .
sunderland earn 1-0 tyne-wear derby victory against newcastle at the stadium of light .     jermain defoe gives black cats the lead with stunning left-footed volley before half-time .     former tottenham striker scores his third sunderland goal in hard-fought win for the home side .     sunderland boss dick advocaat earns his first tyne-wear derby victory .     black cats are unbeaten in their last seven barclays premier league games against newcastle united .
james may has backtracked on comment suggesting trolls ` kill themselves '     he was referring to people sending death threats to sue perkins on twitter .     perkins has been tipped as a bookies ' favourite to replace jeremy clarkson .     but it led to a torrent of abuse sent by top gear fans on social media .     she announced recently she would be leaving twitter for the near future .
gwyneth paltrow 's figure is more impressive than ever .     she joins a whole host of stars in their forties who look super toned .     gwen stefani , heidi klum and naomi campbell have figures of 25 year olds .
a new reddit thread asked disabled people to submit their pet peeves .     many said being labelled ` brave ' or ` inspirational ' is just patronising .     others hate it when people take charge of their wheelchairs .
dramatic rescue led to the mainly-burmese nationals being identified .     vast majority of them said they were desperate to leave benjina island .     some wanted to stay - but only to demand their bosses hand over money .     men said they were kidnapped or tricked into becoming fisherman slaves .
lindsay sandiford fears she will be next to face the firing squad .     andrew chan and myuran sukumaran killed after a final kfc bucket meal .     the 58-year-old has been on death row in bali since 2012 .     she was convicted of attempting to smuggle # 1.6 million of cocaine in 2012 .
owners watch hours of tv with pets and leave it on to keep them company .     survey of 1,000 pet owners see for the love of dogs as favourite show .     keeping up with the kardashians is only liked by 2 % of pets .
jake malone , 60 , met woman who calls herself ` rili ' on social website .     after seeing her photograph the canadian claims it was love at first sight .     flew to shenzhen , but ca n't contact her as social website has shut down .     so he wanders the streets with her picture and appeal attached to his chest .
david wihby , 61 , has been new hampshire senator kelly ayotte 's state director for the last year .     he was arrested on friday on a misdemeanor charge for solicitation of prostitution and stepped down from his government role on saturday .     he was one of ten men arrested in the last week by nashua , new hampshire , police in prostitution sting .     ayotte said in a statement that she was ` shocked and deeply saddened ' by wihby 's arrest .
country band lady antebellum 's bus caught fire thursday on a texas freeway .     a cnn ireporter captured the dramatic scene on video .     singer hillary scott shared a pic of the charred bus on instagram .
kim sei-young leads ana inspiration by three after a three-under-par 69 .     the south korean says it would be ` the biggest dream ' to win .     lydia ko struggled again , shooting a two-over-par 74 .
oskar groening is being tried on 300,000 counts of accessory to murder .     the former ss officer described how jews were marched to gas chambers .     one survivor , eva kor , told of her agony as her mother was ripped from her .
the tiny garden gnome is signed by all four members of the iconic band .     it appeared with celebrities and world figures on 1967 sgt pepper 's artwork .     it was given to an assistant photographer following the shoot for the cover .     the cardboard garden ornament sold at auction for a surprising # 29,000 .
marianne power decided to live by a different self-help guru each month .     marianne attended robbins ' unleash the power within seminar .     robbins has counselled bill clinton , nelson mandela and more .
marie ratcliffe accepts 77 allegations of misconduct and poor care .     she worked as a midwife at the scandal-hit furness general hospital .     nmc heard she accepts her conduct ` contributed to the death of ' and/or caused two babies to ` lose a significant chance of survival '     independent inquiry into hospital 's maternity unit found failures led to the avoidable deaths of 11 babies and one mother over nine-year period .
justice department prosecuting fedex over unauthorized shipment of drugs .     danny cevallos : fedex has a strong argument that it should n't be held responsible .
fossils of a creature bearing a striking similarity to depictions of nessie have been found in a 19th century collection .     it is thought the fossil was found in cromarty and would have once lived in a freshwater lake between 542 million years ago to 251 million years ago .     researchers have revealed that pterichthyoides milleri - or ` pessie ' - lived on the bottom of the lakes that would later become loch ness .
women have been writing love letters to ivan milat for years , book reveals .     ` why they write to me is a puzzle , ' milat says .     some letters are from a woman he was acquitted of raping at knife-point .     milat brutally murdered seven backpackers between 1989 and 1992 .     he is serving seven consecutive life sentences at goulburn supermax jail .     he writes up to twice a week to his eldest nephew , alistair shipsey .     shipsey has used 94 of milat 's letters in a new book about the killer .
isobel attwood , 16 , has not made contact with her family since saturday .     friends believe she could be in southampton with a man in his 20s .     the schoolgirl is described as white , small , 5ft 4ins tall , with brown hair .     she posted on facebook saying ` sorry for causing s *** for everyone '
groups such as california-based wings of rescue or south carolina-based pilots n paws , recruit pilots to volunteer their planes , fuel and time .     the two non-profits say their concept has been a roaring success with the numbers increasing year-on-year .     all dogs have to be spayed or neutered , microchipped and vaccinated before they take off .     it 's reported that most pooches sleep in the air and do n't get sick .
university of south carolina student elizabeth scarborough performs as a taylor swift tribute artist .     the 21-year-old has been impersonating the star since she was 15 .     her first gigs were at children 's birthday parties , for which she earned $ 30 .
maickel melamed , who has muscular dystrophy , took part in the 2015 boston marathon .     he completed the race 20 hours after the start .     despite rainy weather , fans and friends cheered for the 39-year-old .
frances bean cobain , daughter of the late kurt cobain , spoke to rolling stone about a new film on the nirvana frontman .     22-year-old cobain is an executive producer of the documentary `` montage of heck ''     she describes growing up with the legacy of her father looming large .
actress jane horrocks drives her teenagers dylan and molly down route 1 .     the travel from san francisco to the city of angels in three weeks .     ` take your foot off the gas , relax and take it all in ' says jane .
caesar went missing at the weekend from his owner 's home in ispheming .     brandy savelle and tony gervasi followed his tracks and found blood .     after news spread in the area , a dnr officer came to their home .     he explained caesar came running at him and he shot him dead .     he believed caesar was wild and a threat , he said .     shooting occurred on state land so the officer was within his rights .
jonathan stevenson wrote a letter to richie benaud back in 1996 .     the then-16-year-old asked for his advice on left-handed spin bowling .     stevenson , who now works at livewire sport , tweeted the letter on friday .     cricket legend died in his sleep on thursday night in a sydney hospice .     letter included sheet of notes about spin bowling for left-hand bowlers .
the 15-year-old girl is said to have undergone the operations in china .     the teen has amassed a following of over 400,000 fans on social media .     she reportedly underwent the transformation to win back an ex boyfriend .     some commentators say the images have been digitally exaggerated .
the photo shows a beautiful young tiger cub in the hands of a rebel fighter , known as ahmed shaheed .     shaheed is believed to be a former bond university student from sydney .     the 27-year-old considered buying an little owl and a leopard from a zoo near aleppo , syria .
abdul hadi arwani was found dead in wembley on wednesday morning .     the 48-year-old imam had been replaced at the an-noor mosque in acton .     his replacement was 53-year-old hassan anyabwile from the caribbean .     anyabwile involved in attempted coup in 1990 , parliamentary report found .     belonged to a local radical islamic group called jamaat al muslimeen .     he moved to the uk after being given amnesty in exchange for surrender .     he denied any dispute between the west london mosque and mr arwani .     the mosque has refused to answer questions over mr arwani 's time there .     counter terrorism police are now leading the investigation into his death .
paul mason was 70st in 2010 but has lost two thirds of his body weight .     the ex-postman , 54 , shed the pounds after gastric bypass surgery on nhs .     mr mason , of suffolk , then found love online and is engaged to us woman .     next week he will have 7st of excess skin removed free of charge by american doctor who saw his plight on tv .
jeremy trentelman , 36 , of ogden , built fort for young son and daughter .     he received letter one day later saying it violated ordinance against waste .     father plans on keeping castle up for 14 days before he receives fine .
nick clegg vows to protect entire education budget ` from cradle to college '     spending would rise per pupil and also in line with inflation from 2018 .     mr clegg will claim the liberal democrats are now ` the party of education '
a big pitfall on dinner dates is a struggle to find topics to discuss .     tumblr blog called conversation sparks lists funny facts to avoid silence .     they include ` tall men marry earlier but short men stay married longer '
over 700 guests attended the london in los angeles event on thursday .     a-listers toasted bailey 's new beverley hills flagship .     bailey was made ceo at age of 42 in 2013 and has boosted brand hugely .     has tapped biggest supermodels and musicians for campaigns and shows .
post on mortein 's facebook page linked to stephanie scott 's murder .     picture of the brand 's mascot accompanied with #putyourdressout .     slammed as a ` tasteless decision ' by some social media users .     ms scott was brutally murdered just days before her wedding .
dea head michele leonhart is expected to resign soon , an obama administration official said tuesday .     she has led the agency since 2007 and is only the second woman to hold the job .     has been criticized as ` woefully ' unable to change the agency 's culture as detailed allegations about agent scandals mount .
noreen spendlove was 68 when she developed pain in her left side .     gp referred noreen for a mammogram which revealed three tumours .     mps warn that women will die as a result of the screening age limit .     ` extending the age for routine mammograms would mean more lives saved '
robotic clone of cross-dressing japanese tv star made on-screen debut .     matsuko deluxe shared stage with matsukoroid doppelganger on saturday .     japanese engineers are trying to replace celebrities with lifelike androids .     software , robots or smart machines could replace third of jobs by 2025 .
alejandro valverde won ahead of julian alaphilippe and michael albasini .     chris froome finished 123rd after a crash during the final 12 kilometres .     team sky 's sports director gabriel rasch praised froome for finishing .     rasch said froome was ` banged up ' but expects to ride tour de romandie .
williams has abandoned idea for underground extension to his mansion .     previous plans had angered next-door neighbour , rock legend jimmy page .     the pop star has now scaled back his proposal and submitted fresh plans .     he wants to lower floors and knock down walls to create bigger rooms .
former wisconsin sheriff 's deputy andrew steele , 40 , has been found not legally responsible in the killing of his wife and sister-in-law .     he shot dead wife ashlee steele , 39 , and her sister kacee tollefsbol , 38 , on august 22 .     his defense team had argued that lou gehrig 's disease had damaged his brain , making him not criminally responsible for the deaths .     prosecutors believed steele had planned the killings abnd a third sister said he had displayed inappropriate feelings towards tollefsbol .
the life of 16-year-old maren sanchez stabbed to death a year ago on the day of prom was celebrated on saturday by hundreds of people .     ' i do n't think there 's anything sad about this . it 's such a celebration , ' said darby hudd , a 17-year-old friend of the slain teen .     a classmate , christopher plaskon , has been charged with sanchez 's murder .
alastair cook has been part of three of the six ten-century partnerships .     day three 's effort with trott is england 's first since march 2013 .     then it was cook with nick compton against new zealand in dunedin .     west indies bowler shannon gabriel hit 94.3 mph on thursday .
alan davey controversially laid bare the difficulties of the station 's top job .     was asked about changes to classical music knowledge over 30 years .     said ` modern audience might not be getting same education ... in school '
bournemouth are now second in the championship following their draw .     eddie howe hits out at referee after his side give up lead in stoppage time .     kieran lee fired wednesday into the lead with a 36th minute header .     yann kermorgant equalised with 21 minutes remaining .     matt ritchie looked to have sealed the win for the cherries late on .     but chris maguire had the final say with his last-ditch penalty strike .
the statement chop was made famous by jim carrey in dumb and dumber .     one british barber has seen a 200 % surge in demand for the style .     stars from miley cyrus to lena dunham have all taken it on .     dumb and dumber to is out now on blu-ray and dvd .
the tham khoun ex cave has 15km of spectacular caves waiting to be explore by kayak .     explorers can witness the incredible caverns , lake and even the vibrant forest at the entrance .     cave photographer john spies captured the labyrinthine chambers to unfold the mystery .
the zambi wildlife retreat is the only facility for retired exotic animals from zoos and the movie industry in australia .     the sydney retreat is home to lions , tigers , monkeys and dingoes as well as rescued farm and domestic animals .     the retreat is hoping to raise money to expand its facilities so it can accept more animals and open a training centre .     although not yet open to the public , you can now ` adopt ' one of the zambi pride to support the non-profit facility .
sydney tech journalist rae johnston is a passionate cosplay participant .     she wears her signature wonder woman costume to children 's hospitals and various pop culture conventions .     ms johnston will host the cosplay championships at this year 's oz comic-con - the official australian version of the san diego comic-con .     famous californian cosplay artist abby dark star will judge entrants .     over 20,000 people are expected to attend both perth and adelaide 's event .
male contestants had not eaten for two weeks when they killed reptile .     bosses though it was common caiman , but it was an american crocodile .     species is listed as endangered and laws protect it from being hunted .
list is dominated by european nations - particularly those in scandinavia .     switzerland is now the happiest nation , with iceland the most rapid riser .     reasons range from strong gdp to beautiful scenery and a vibrant culture .     uk ranks at a lowly 21 , although brits are happier now than back in 2012 .     world 's least happy nations are unsurprisingly places ravaged by war and extreme poverty , such as syria , burundi and togo .
ventus x mouse has a non-slip coating and honeycomb grill .     features are designed to keep sweaty gamers ' hands cool under pressure .     they mean that the mouse is easier to hold and sweat can evaporate easily .     mouse is intended for serious gamers and is on sale for $ 50 -lrb- # 34 -rrb- .
the spectacular photos were taken at paddy fields in china , thailand , vietnam , laos and cambodia .     photographer scott gable spent four months travelling region to document the process of harvesting the crop .     rice accounts for one fifth of all calories consumed by humans but crop is often still cultivated in primitive way .
aboriginal model management australia has 40 female clients so far .     new national casting call is now looking for both sexes aged up to 60 .     founder is expecting the numbers to take off as interest rapidly grows .     target , bonds and big w are very interested in hiring aboriginal models .     kira-lea dargin says demand for indigenous models is slowly changing in the high fashion market but should be moving faster .
stefan stoykov could n't speak english when he moved from bulgaria to us .     indianapolis teen has been accepted into a total of 18 prestigious schools .     stefan , 18 , says his mother 's hard work inspired him to achieve his goals .
carlos toro was promised he could stay in the us but is facing deportation .     being sent back to native country of colombia would be ` death sentence '     toro informed on cocaine overlord carlos lehder of the medellin cartel .     also provided information on former dictator of panama manuel noriega .     he is hoping for visa or green card but ca n't yet collect social security .
large crowds , close quarters and heavily-trafficked public restrooms allow for illnesses to spread .     attendees are at risk of catching anything from norovirus to flu .     the second installment of california-based music festival coachella takes place this weekend .
septum rings are a new craze among celebrities .     fka twigs started the trend after appearing at red carpet events with one .     it has been used in various asian and north american cultures for years .
jacob polyakov plunged off the sec ` globe ' centre in kiev , ukraine .     17-year-old cracked his head open and is now in intensive care .     friend jamal maslow broke his coccyx after landing on corner of step .
defector deploys balloons with `` the interview '' to north korea .     lee min-bok says he finds the movie vulgar , but sends it anyway .
milton vieira severiano was filmed killing his wife , cicera alves de sen .     the savage act took place in the garden of their rio de janeiro house .     he later confessed the crime to police who found guns in his getaway car .
a random sample from a michigan store tested positive for listeria monocytogenes .     no illnesses caused by the hummus have been reported so far .
the two males arrested are 21 and 15 years old , st. louis police say in a tweet .     a video that went viral showed three black males attacking a white man .
nicola sturgeon took part in debate between leaders of scottish parties .     snp leader said she is ` offering to help make ed miliband prime minister '     her failure to rule out another referendum was met with boos by audience .     added she would not support conservative government with snp mps .
manchester united beat manchester city 4-2 at old trafford on sunday .     ashley young , marouane fellaini , juan mata and chris smalling all scored .     internet pranksters ripped into the barclays premier league champions .
tom colicchio : `` the meatrix : relaunched '' is an important benchmark of the evolution of sustainable food movement .     but factory farms continued to reap large profits while producing subpar meat , polluting nature and damaging our health .     colicchio : we need to ask members of congress to promote sustainable farming .
zach yonzon runs the bunny baker cafe with his wife in manila .     artist uses a spoon and a barbecue skewer dipped in chocolate .     creates incredibly detailed portraits at the request of customers .     service started out as novelty when owner began etching rabbits .     artistic barista hopes to one day be able to create 3d caricatures .
glynis barber is known as beautiful half of itv 's 1980s detective duo .     the actress turns 60 in a few months but looks barely a day over 40 .     under the tutelage of a nutritional therapist , glynis has changed what and how she eats and transformed her health and figure .     now , she has just two large meals a day , no wholegrains and she has stopped sipping water in the day .
according to new app , brits are grumpiest in western world at daybreak .     despite getting more sleep than most - at seven hours 22 minutes a night .     only japanese , south koreans and singaporeans are moodier in morning .
ed miliband has history of appearing awkwardly in front of the camera .     twitter account aims to reinvent labour leader as a symbol of cool .     miliband 's face edited on to famous men 's bodies such as daniel craig .
michelle obama told talk-show host rachael ray that secret service agents taught her daughter malia how to drive .     mrs. obama has n't driven herself in seven or eight years , she said .     she added that driving gives malia ' a sense of normalcy , ' helping her feel like the rest of her friends who are also driving .
kerry hamilton had very rare cancer called leiomyosarcoma in her cervix .     had been told her symptoms were due to hormone problems .     was forced to undergo a hysterectomy but managed to freeze some eggs .     now wants others to be aware of ` everyday ' symptoms and get checked out .
wendy l. patrick phd is the author of red flags : how to spot frenemies , underminers , and toxic people .     dr patrick has outlined the five reasons the we fell for belle gibson 's story .     belle gibson released a book and app about how she beat terminal cancer .     this week she finally admitted she never actually had cancer .     she explains that there is a bit of belle in all of us as we are born to bond .     ` we were belle ´ s cheerleaders as she recounted her fight against cancer '
twin 18-month-old boys were pulled from a yuma , arizona canal on friday .     authorities still have not explained what led the boys to be swept away in the canal , but they do n't suspect foul play .     over the weekend , a go fund me page was set up to cover their memorial and medical costs .     the campaign page identified the boys as eli and silas keslar , sons of mark and alexis keslar .
ford vox : when celeb doc mehmet oz slammed by doctors for ` quack ' medicine , he hit back , but their complaint has some basis .     he says oz scorned by some in medical community , at senate hearing ; comics joke about him . he serves himself at cost to his hospital .
teachers say pupils not ready for ` formal sitting down stage ' before seven .     play helps children develop communication and social skills , they believe .     want to follow lead of finland where 15 minute play time follows lessons .     union to ask for more play time at its conference in harrogate this weekend .
jiaojiao , 5 , fell 150ft when her mother , zheng jiayu , left her at home alone .     when she returned , zheng saw daughter 's lifeless body below the window .     jiaojiao suffered multiple broken bones and internal bleeding but survived .     family is now facing a huge # 100,000 hospital bill they are unable to pay .
april 1 has heralded a crop of fake news stories hoodwinking readers .     the guardian claims jeremy clarkson is campaigning against fossil fuels .     simon cowell will replace the queen on the # 5 note , according to the sun .     the leaning tower of pisa is set to become a luxury hotel , says one paper .     ant and dec ` will add strictly 's anton du beke to their presenting line-up '
stuart mccall revealed that he was warned about taking the rangers job .     walter smith rang to make sure mccall was making the right decision .     rangers have now won three games on the bounce in the championship .     kenny miller and haris vuckic scored the goals in 2-1 win over hearts .     click here for all the latest rangers news .
fitness fan jennifer is famous for her curves , but her arms are also toned .     the mother-of-two has completed triathlons . she avoids sugar and salt .     try modified push-ups which activate the entire upper body .
duck and ten ducklings followed staff back to an office in sutton coldfield .     visit was filmed by a member of staff on her mobile phone .     employee said even company director found the whole thing hilarious .
homosexuality is illegal in iran .     denizli , turkey , is host to hundreds of gays and lesbians from iran .     photographer laurence rasti traveled to turkey to explore her fascination with identity issues .
karim benzema will miss his side 's la liga match against malaga .     the real madrid star is expected to be fit in time to face atletico madrid .     real madrid are just two points behind la liga leaders barcelona .
jose mourinho said he is proud to work with underprivileged people .     he claimed that he never discusses footballing issues with his wife .     in a wide-ranging interview he said he is a deeply religious person .     he also claims that he is essentially a ` very good person ' despite his antics .
charlotte watts , a nutritionist , says stress drains the body of nutrients .     nutrient deficiencies shows up as things like spots on nails or cracked lips .     she reveals seven signs of stress and what to eat to replenish the body .
hand model emily grimson , 25 , from shropshire , gets paid # 100 an hour .     stars in ads for bosch , the disney channel and magazine features .     former beauty writer moisturising her hands up to ten times a day .
the 29-year-old attended the ivy chelsea garden launch party with friend .     prince harry 's ex looked fresh-faced and in high spirits at the london party .     paired chiffon top with slim-fitting navy trousers and tan wedges .
england start their three test series against west indies next monday .     stuart broad is backing captain alastair cook to score big runs in series .     bowler admits he is sorry to see paul downton leave role in ecb .
` significant ' ore deposit could herald the beginning of highland gold rush .     turkish mining giant and uk 's greenore look to make further exploration .     small community cautiously optimistic about find but wants to know more .
robert lewis burns jr. was part of lynyrd skynyrd 's original lineup .     his car hit a mailbox and a tree just before midnight .
jnco ` rave jean 's are on their way back .     other 90s/00s trends here to stay include uggs , velour and corsets .     kylie jenner is a double denim fan whilst jourdan dunn loves camouflage .
michael carrick changed the game for england against italy in turin .     the midfielder has been unappreciated and ignored for many years .     carrick has made just one appearance for england at a tournament .     england should build their midfield around him for euro 2016 .
australian study found women spend 40 % of online time on facebook .     college students aged 17 to 25 said they read magazines ` infrequently '     preferred facebook to compare looks and check appearances over time .
ukip said schoolchildren brainwashed with pro-eu colouring-in books .     party said teens exposed to eu ` propaganda ' in a bid to ` catch them young '     it said it was ` strongly against ' lowering the voting age as under-18s .
tattooed apple watch users reporting problems with its heart rate sensor .     sensor takes readings by measuring light absorption though the skin .     dark , solid tattoos seem to confuse the new device the most .     apple has yet to comment on the problem , despite people taking to twitter .
shaun ingram booked his ford focus st for an mot at halfords , plymouth .     went to collect his car and realised his dashcam had been recording .     saw a mechanic take the car for a joyride doing 57mph in a 30mph zone .     also discovered the mechanic swearing and boasting about test driving the car .
james ward-prowse scored the winner for england u21s against germany .     southampton youngster practices free kicks like david beckham and his childhood idol steven gerrard .     saints boss ronald koeman has been giving him tips on dead balls .
gang target car dealership in dearborn heights , michigan , in early hours .     kicked off wing mirrors and smashed windscreens during violent outburst .     bill for damage to la marina auto sales said to be several thousand dollars .     same gang believed to have also hit neighboring businesses during spree .
new shepard spaceship is designed to fly three people .     will reach altitudes about 62 miles -lrb- 100 km -rrb- above earth .     firm expected to sell tourist tickets for its spacecraft .
30-stone woman 's ` perfect belly ' attracted men from around the world .     gayla neufeld always struggled with her size , weighing 13 stone aged eight .     the 52-year-old now embraces her belly and works as a webcam model .     texan gayla met her husband lance , from canada , on a fat-fetish forum .
max azria 's 30,000 sq ft home is spread across three acres and boasts 60 rooms .     there is also a glass-enclosed tennis court with its own viewing box and five different gardens .     the zero-edged swimming pool has a moroccan-style bathhouse , complete with a sauna and spa .     azria and his wife lubov bought the house for $ 14.4 m in 2005 before giving it a $ 30m renovation .
mike and sharon tierney set aside one night a month for grooming regime .     sydney couple tint , trim spray tan and wax each other .     sharon 's attempt to give husband ` optical extra inch ' had horrifying results .     grooming began when sharon needed guinea pig for beauty training .
noeleen foster snapped an image of a phallic cloud at work last friday .     the mother-of-four took the pic in zuccolli , 25km southeast of darwin .     last year another suggestively shaped cloud made waves in england .
dug and owner lindsay castro were hiking in fontana , canada .     lindsay heard a rattle sound and backed away but dug ran toward it .     snake jumped out , bit him , his face swelled to twice its size .     after two days of intensive antidote treatment , he is going home .
jordan spieth is the youngest first-round leader in masters history .     spieth set a new 36-hole record with his 14-under total .     dustin johnson became the first man ever to hit three eagles in one round .
lpac , a pro-lgbt super pac , launched lesbians4hillary on monday .     group is co-chaired by tennis great billie jean king .     hillary clinton opposed gay marriage until 2013 - a year after obama came out in support .     she also did not publicly object to passage of do n't ask do n't tell and the defense of marriage act as first lady under her husband 's administration .
paul and laura elliott met half way round at st katharine docks .     ceremony was witnessed by 80 guests .     pair ran across finish line under a shower of confetti .     returned to scene of ceremony for party later on .     raised # 7,000 for cancer research in honour of paul 's father .
kendra spears , 26 , has given birth to her first child , a son named irfan .     the baby , whose father is prince rahim aga khan , was born in geneva .     ms spears , now known as princess salwa , is said to be doing well .
sandal uses adjustable buckles and a strap on the toe to expand in size .     kenton lee dreamt up the shoe after seeing children in kenya barefoot .     he hopes the shoes will help children in orphanages in poorer countries .     children from one to six years old can go up a shoe size in a few months .
u.s. sen. jim inhofe : nuclear is our largest source of carbon-free energy , generating over 60 % of our carbon-free electricity .     so why does n't the president 's climate plan , allegedly aimed at reducing carbon emissions , do more with nuclear power ?
sam allardyce had his chance with west ham but has failed to take it .     allardyce 's reputation is that of a man who guarantees top-flight survival .     yet west ham have been playing relegation football since christmas .     they must go to the olympic stadium with more than survival as the aim .     napoli manager rafael benitez could be persuaded back to english football .
gabrielle yinka saunders , 32 , stole money from insight investments on the day after she started working there .     used company money to pay for # 10,000 wedding and # 5,000 honeymoon .     but she was spared jail despite having previous fraud convictions .     saunders stole # 35,000 from pwc and was jailed for six months in 2007 .
magazine published a rape on campus in november 2014 issue .     graphically recounted supposed gang-rape of university of virginia student .     sabrina rubin erdely wrote article based on interviews with victim ` jackie '     she claims she was raped by seven men and penetrated with a beer bottle .     jackie 's account soon fell apart , and rolling stone commissioned review .     12,000-word account published sunday , and recounted failures in depth .     rounded on erdely and editors for not probing the account more deeply .     erdely is expected to apologize - but will get to keep her job .
models put aside their fear of heights to strut along a mountain path in central china .     the challenge was part of the annual miss bikini of the universe contest , which has been running since 2005 .     competition tests if people can ` keep their cool ' and has previously seen contestants parade in -16 degrees celsius .
judy has undergone a makeover - but could be outshone by kim 's mother .     stylish leonore sears , 53 , has long been admired on the tennis circuit .     the south african bears a strong resemblance to soon-to-be wed daughter .     dunblane now waiting for what is being dubbed scotland 's royal wedding .
yan tai weighed just over seven stone when she began dating you pan .     but two years on and she has ballooned to almost double her weight .     you splashed out on meals everyday in a plan to keep her by his side .     he has now proposed to yan and promised to keep on feeding her .
jimi manuwa plans to finish opponent jan blachowicz inside two rounds .     the londoner says his ` aggression and killer instinct ' will see him through .     manuwa wants to get back to winning after losing to alexander gustafsson .
nicholas figueroa , 23 , killed in gas explosion in the east village last month .     on tuesday , relatives , friends and strangers bid him an emotional farewell .     mr figueroa 's father said family was broken over his ` heartbreaking ' death .     brother paid tribute to ` best friend ' whom he will name his future son after .     and mother , ava , wore button on her jacket featuring mr figueroa 's image .     tear-jerking service held at manhattan 's church of the holy name of jesus .     moises locon , 26 , also died in march 27 blast - and 22 others were injured .
fascinating photographs show black boxes salvaged from the wreckage of plane and helicopter crashes .     jeffrey milstein took the pictures to shed light on what happens to flight recorders after tragic accidents .     many of them are dented , mangled and even damaged by fire but they could still be used by crash investigators .
nutricentre 's nutritional therapist lorna driver-davies explains benefits .     companies are harvesting , filtering , bottling and selling rainwater .     nutrient-rich birch water has diuretic properties and good health benefits .
joel burger and ashley king have known each other since kindergarten .     they got engaged and announced with a photo taken at burger king sign .     chain found out and contacted couple about paying for their july wedding .     bk will provide personalized gift bags , mason jars and crowns for event .
jessica bialek found ` safe and well ' after vanishing 36 hours earlier .     ms bialek was last seen leaving her home at 8.30 am on wednesday .     she was walking to the bank in coogee , south-eastern sydney .     ms bialek 's husband pleaded for help in finding his wife .     on thursday her father also made a plea for her to contact family .     the mother-of-one is an accomplished arts photographer .     she returned home on thursday evening to her husband and daughter .
the federal government will give shoshana hebshi $ 40,000 as compensation for being ethnically profiled .     hebshi , who has a jewish mother and saudi arabian father , has said she was discriminated against based on her dark complexion .     hebshi was detained along with two indian men she was seated next to .     ` people do not forfeit their constitutional rights when they step onto an airplane , ' said aclu attorney rachel goodman .
mitchell moffit and greg brown from asapscience present theories .     different personality traits can vary according to expectations of parents .     beyoncé , hillary clinton and j. k. rowling are all oldest children .
michelle o'clee said bigamist husband 's lies could be from grisham thriller .     she turned to friend myleene klass after discovering tangled web of deceit .     andrew o'clee said he was forced to live in ` safe house ' to live double life .     bigamist even gave an identical platinum ring to second wife philippa , 30 .
pm said voters were not ` fully sure ' about the tories at the last election .     but mr cameron said the country would back the conservatives in may .     the conservatives need another 23 mps to form an overall majority .     he said : ` if i fall short of those 23 seats i will feel i have not succeeded '
ed miliband refused to accept he had been proved wrong in bbc interview .     reject string of proposals read out to him by evan davis on newsnight .     mr davis told labour leader situation had improved in jobs , crime and fees .     mr miliband also refused to say how much labour would be borrowing .
comres survey for itv shows ukip falling behind in key constituencies .     latest in a series of polls showing the losing ground to the tories .     ukip leader said he had ` made some mistakes ' by trying to do too much .     he said he had to scale back his campaigning to rejuvenate himself .
labour 's liam byrne left a memo for the incoming coalition government .     the letter , left on mr byrne 's desk , read : ` i 'm afraid there is no money '     treasury secretary danny alexander has finally responded to the note .     mr alexander wrote : ` sorry for the late reply , i 've been fixing the economy '
ed miliband was mobbed by a screaming hen party yesterday in chester .     he allowed bride on board his campaign bus so she could have a ` selfie '     bride nicola braithwaite was met with whoops and cheers from 25 hens .     labour leader high-fived a few of the women before they had group ` selfie '     if you were on this hen party , please email jenny.awford@dailymail.co.uk or call 02036154835 .
nursultan nazarbayev has been re-elected as the president of kazakhstan .     74-year-old was elected with 97 % of the vote , winning a five-year term .     international monitors have voiced their concern about the result .     but nazarbayev says it would have been ` undemocratic ' to intervene to make his victory smaller .
for non-americans the white house it is a respected power symbol .     a journalist assigned to cover the obama white house became intrigued .     she interviewed staff to get an insight into the inner workings of the house .
nikko jenkins , 28 , was trying to etch the revelation sign of the beast .     but he now has a series of upside-down 9s across his face .     it is believed he may use the botched case as evidence he is mentally unstable and therefore ineligible to face the death penalty .     jenkins was convicted of shooting dead four people in 10 days after he was released from prison in omaha , nebraska , in 2013 .
putin to spend hours fielding questions from the general public on live television .     sanctions and russia 's deep economic crisis likely to be a major theme .     critics of the kremlin slam event as russia 's imitation of democracy in action .
inspired by the aesthetic of the belle epoque era , the jacques garcia designed hotel is both opulent and edgy .     a mix of arabian and napoleon iii decor , the pigalle haunt harkens back to the city 's pleasure houses of yesteryear .     also available for guest use : a charming conservatory , library bar and celestial spa available for private rental .
a rescue sato named bonnie is so afraid that she will be abandoned again that she ca n't bear to eat alone .     in an adorable video posted to youtube by user jeannine s. with nearly one million views , puppy bonnie can be seen lifting her dish to clyde .     bonne was rescued from puerto rico and is a sato , which means mixed breed or street dog .     due to extreme poverty , the streets of puerto rico are overwrought with thousands of abandoned dogs .
queensland mother angela postle discovered the phenomenon last month .     she sliced some oranges and found they turned purple in her kitchen .     ms postle sent them to health authorities but they have failed to explain it .     the samples have been sent to a molecular laboratory for further tests .     food experts have voiced their bewilderment at the images of the fruit .
jamie carragher : tim krul was wrong to congratulate jermain defoe .     that argument from sportsmail 's columnist has divided opinion this week .     carragher still can not work out why the newcastle keeper did what he did .
two men got in an argument about noise levels on thursday night .     a scuffle broke out and phillip pama struck leon yeaman once in the head .     mr yeaman could not be revived and was announced dead at the scene .     pama has no history of violence and is reportedly ` beside himself '     his defence lawyer said he hit out ` blindly ' and did n't see his punch connect .     pama was granted conditional bail and is set to return to court may 18 .
steam engines draw crowds at the world 's busiest heritage railway as north yorkshire moors begins its spring gala .     train enthusiasts will ride aboard seven trains between pickering and whitby over the course of the three day event .     teams of firemen , fitters and cleaners prepared the steam engines this morning ahead of the family favourite gala .
historian eric cline at george washington university says a series of disasters between 1225bc and 1177bc led to downfall of ancient societies .     he argues that as they all relied on each other for trade the collapse of one society created a domino effect that resulted in the start of the dark ages .     he makes the claims in his book 1177bc the year civilisation collapsed .
queen margrethe ii of denmark is celebrating her 75th birthday today .     last night she hosted a gala dinner attended by royals from around europe .     today the delighted monarch appeared on the palace balcony to wave to the crowds after a lunch at city hall .     no members of the british royal family were able to attend the glitzy celebration in copenhagen .
going online has become the path of least resistance if you want to make yourself heard .     but where there is the restrictive rule of law , journalists are vulnerable to the anger of officialdom .     from china to malaysia , journalists and bloggers have been jailed -- even killed .
balthazar king and ballycasey fell on first circuit at aintree on saturday .     balthazar king needed veterinary treatment on the course after the fall .     ruby walsh acted as flag man to warn riders to avoid the horse .
argentine president cristina fernandez de kirchner said islands not british .     she said : ` we will see the islands form part of our territory again '     also publicly attacked plan to boost defences on the south atlantic islands .     claimed she would sue oil firms drilling in the waters around the islands .
holly beard and steve hancock tipped the scales at 41st between them .     after being humiliated at work holly joined weight watchers .     steve switched his eating habits too and the couple lost a combined 11st .
labour leader said it 's ` not good enough ' for staff not to have regular pay .     he said workers should get the right to a regular contract after 3 months .     comes after the pm struggled to say if he could live on zero-hours contract .
french photographer floriane de lassee visited cities around the world to capture these intimate photographs .     she uses small subjects to contrast their being against the vast cityscapes behind them .     she found her inspiration while studying at the international center of photography in new york ten years ago and lived across the street from a police station 's recreation room .     photos are set in london , new york , moscow , paris , istanbul , shanghai , tokyo and more .
a six-month-old kitten was found lying on the floor in sydney last month .     it sustained a broken jaw , broken leg , broken hard palate and bruised lungs .     the owner surrendered it to the vet as he could not afford the medical bills .     small vet clinic raised funds to help pay for the kitten 's treatments .     it is now on the road to recovery and will be ready for a new home in six weeks .
a ` blob ' of warm water 2,000 miles across is sitting in the pacific ocean .     it has been present since 2013 and causing fish to seek shelter elsewhere .     university of washington study says it could be responsible for droughts .     but it is not clear where the blob has come from - or how long it will stay .
set on 200 acres near bridgnorth , shropshire , the chyknell hall estate also boasts a tennis court and wine cellar .     the grade ii-listed regency home at the centre of the property offers 11 bedrooms , a library and a billiard room .     it is thought it could attract a-list buyers as the secluded grounds and gardens offer residents complete privacy .
latasha gosling , 27 , of tisdale , saskatchewan , was found murdered in her home early wednesday in tisdale , saskatchewan in canada .     her two daughters , janyaa , 4 , and jenika , 8 , and her son landen , 7 , were also discovered dead .     hours later police found steve o'shaughnessy dead at his residence , along with his and gosling 's six-month-old baby , who was unharmed .     gosling 's family said o'shaughnessy was controlling and was afraid gosling would leave him for her husband , who she was separated from .     o'shaughnessy sent the photos a day before her husband 's birthday .     gosling 's friend said she had broken up with o'shaughnessy recently .
unai emery 's sevilla take on barcelona in la liga on saturday .     sevilla beat levante 2-1 on monday and are fifth in the la liga table .     after five straight wins , sevilla on course for a place in the europa league .
feel like a james bond villain with the most advanced submerged ocean vehicles .     some convert from a yacht into a submarine , and others detached off for a speedy exploration .     oliver 's travels offers a mile low package on its submarine , complete with chef and butler for # 175,000 a night .
search area for missing flight mh370 doubled by government officials .     extended search area means hunt for plane could run for another year .     comes after maldives locals said they saw a low-flying jet on day of crash .     island sighting more than 5,000 kilometres away from the then-search area .
rosie , 27 , shows off her new lingerie and sleepwear range .     shares her daily diet and says eating organic is an important investment .     stars in mad max - fury road film , which is out this year .
eileen mason , 92 , knocked would-be thief to the ground with her scooter .     mrs mason and friend margaret seabrook , 75 , were attacked in swindon .     ` evil looking man ' tried to steal contents of their scooters ' baskets .     the great-grandmother-of-13 , accelerated , and rammed the attacker .     after he was knocked to the ground , they sped off on their scooters .
bus was carrying 40 players and staff back from away game when it was attacked near the city of trabzon .     trabzon governor abdulcelil oz said the bus driver appeared to have been hit by a bullet .     security officers on board were forced to take control of the bus and safely stopped it on saturday night .
romelu lukaku has opened up about receiving racist abuse when just 15 .     lukaku spoke on thursday at a kick it out session in a liverpool school .     former chelsea front man admits racism still exists in modern football .     lukaku reveals ` heavenly ' feeling of playing alongside arouna kone .
espn sports reporter britt mchenry suspended for one week from network .     she berated an advanced towing employee after her car was towed from a chinese restaurant in arlington , virginia , on april 6 .     insulted the woman 's looks , education and job .     ` lose some weight , baby girl , ' mchenry said as she walked away .     mchenry apologized thursday after security footage surface online .     said it was ` an intense and stressful ' situation .
alison saunders decided against pressing charges against lord janner .     she was persuaded against taking a case by the labour peer 's dementia .     two of britain 's foremost legal experts recommended pressing charges .     political sources want the decision overturned over ` whitewash ' fears .
a family brunch with tori spelling , dean mcdermott and their four kids turned into a disaster .     tori 's heel caught as she was walking out of benihana restaurant in encino and she fell backward onto a hot hibachi .     she was later taken to the grossman burn center at west hill hospital .     doctors said she risked severe infection and scarring if she did n't act right away .
272 children left disabled by alcohol exposure were hospitalised last year .     the figures , for the past 12 months in england alone , spark new warning .     experts say actual number affected by mother 's drinking could be higher .     who : at least one in 100 babies , 7,500 every year , could suffer problems .
angelique kerber beat madison keys 6-2 , 4-6 , 7-5 in the charleston final .     kerber battled back to win six of the last seven games in the decider .     it is the german 's first wta title since linz in 2013 .
stana , 37 , has been on the hit series castle for nearly six years .     she wed over the weekend in the dalmatian coast in croatia .     the new husband and wife shared a photo of their wedding rings .     she has been dating brkljac for several years but was only spotted with him once in 2012 .
the modern family star ` is content to leave her fertilized eggs frozen indefinitely ' her attorney says .     loeb has filed a lawsuit to stop the actress destroying two frozen embryos , according to legal documents obtained by in touch .     embryos were fertilized using her eggs and his sperm in november 2013 , six months before they split up , it is claimed .     former couple previously tried to use surrogate to have children twice during their relationship , but procedures failed , according to the lawsuit .     recent reports suggest that the colombian-born actress insisted her 44-year-old assistant be a surrogate despite her now ex 's objections .     lawsuit also claims that vergara was ` physically and mentally abusive ' to loeb during their almost-four-year relationship .
may wong 's four-year-old cockapoo , miss darcy , has travelled the world .     destinations she has visited include new york , berlin , milan and paris .     the seasoned traveller took 12 trips with her owner last year alone .     now , pair have been joined on their trips by miss wong 's new dog george .
travis hatfield , 21 , from west virginia performed with his 47-year-old uncle .     their video went viral with more than 410,000 views .     the singer says he is how receiving offers from record labels .
22 people had legal action taken against them after a sydney dance party .     20 people were charged for drug related offences during the all-night rave .     a 22-year-old spent the night behind bars after he was allegedly found with 441 mdma pills at ` midnight mafia ' at the sydney showground .     the marrickville man fronted parramatta local court on sunday morning .
saracens skipper brad barritt will line up opposite wesley fofana .     flanker julien bonnaire will be tasked with stopping billy vunipola .     charlie hodgson is enjoying a rich vein of form at present .     clermont will fear jacques burger after his performance last year .     the top 14 side have the best supporters in french rugby .
ousted egyptian president mohamed morsy is convicted of charges involving violence against protesters .     but he is acquitted of murder .     `` we promise you unexpected revolutionary surprises , '' a muslim brotherhood spokesman says .
more than 400 items from rick baker 's cinovation studio will be auctioned .     artist has worked on hits like men in black , batman forever and gremlins .     baker worked on michael jackson 's moonwalker film and thriller video .     this is first time these items from 64-year-old 's collection open to public .     auction will be held in los angeles , california , on may 29 and also online .
former black panther mumia abu-jamal was hospitalized at schuykill medical center in pennsylvania on april 2 after collapsing in prison .     he was delivered ` get well ' letters from third graders in orange , new jersey , and high school students in the philadelphia student union .     the letters made mumia ` chuckle and smile '     critics say they ` promote a twisted agenda glorifying murder and hatred '     mumia is serving a life sentence after years of appeals won him a reprieve from his death sentence in 2012 .
leanne bourne , from essex , discovered her partner was having an affair .     was horrified when the other woman turned out to be her sister larissa .     larissa even gave birth to steve 's child in august 2011 .     had initially claimed that she did n't know who the father was .     more than three years on , sisters are still struggling to overcome the affair .     leanne and larissa appear on my sister had my boyfriend 's baby - and other betrayals , tonight at 10pm on channel 5 .
lewis ferguson was mucking out the stables as usual on thursday .     favourite merrion square threw jockey in a freak fall on wednesday .     his spectacular double somersault fall made him internet sensation .
south sydney secured a bitter 18-17 victory after a last-gasp penalty .     bulldogs were leading until the referee awarded rabbitohs a late penalty .     rabbitohs converted the penalty and went on to win the game .     as officials made their way off the field , they were pelted with missiles .     one of the officials was taken to hospital with broken shoulder .     canterbury coach has apologised for the actions of his club 's supporters .     bulldogs ceo said the club has called for a life ban on fans involved .     police have identified two people for allegedly throwing bottles .     inquiries to identify others involved in the attack are continuing .
ocean economic powerhouse valued at $ 24 trillion : wwf report .     marco lambertini : ocean plays direct role in livelihoods across globe .
brittany huber , 23 , was killed on impact when fiance john redman , 25 , lost control of his lexus in georgia april 28 , 2014 .     the couple were heading to alabama where they were set to get married may 3 .     redman suffered head trauma and multiple broken bones , and was told by his doctors he would likely spend the rest of his life in a wheelchair .     the fiance only found out about brittany 's death a month later .     redman regained his ability to walk and resumed coaching at dalton state college .     on march 24 , he helped lead his team to its first championship title .
flat in trendy area of peckham , south-east london , up for rent with a leak .     gumtree advert informs people looking at double room that ` ceiling drips '     as a result the room in otherwise modern flat is available for just # 400 pcm .     over the last year and a half peckham has witnessed a boom in rent prices .
school friends and prince william 's family will play crucial supporting role .     emilia jardine-paterson and alicia fox-pitt have known her for years .     carole will be a hands-on grandmother and pippa will be by her side .
john carver 's newcastle united have lost their last five matches .     newcastle are nine points above 18th-placed queens park rangers .     carver has warned his side that they must start to pick up points .
photos obtained by daily mail online show surgeon to the stars dr brandt , who hanged himself in miami on sunday , the year he graduated from his new jersey high school .     they are in sharp contrast to the razor sharp cheek bones , sunken eyes and platinum blond hair of the well-known dermatologist .     dr. brandt was mercilessly lampooned in tina fey 's netflix show .     he was a ` jewish kid from newark ' who was described as ` scholarly ' with an infectious grin by his peers .     he was voted most ambitious and most talkative student .
chelsy , 29 , wore ripped jeans and chic blazer on night out in london .     it was the second consecutive night out for prince harry 's ex .     joined friends on tuesday at launch of the ivy club , chelsea .
aldi under fire from corporate regulator for not disclosing credit card fees .     australian securities and investments commission took action against the supermarket last year after it failed to notify customers of surcharge .     supermarket agreed to putting up signs and have cashiers notify shoppers .
spanish football manager tore the side of his trousers exposing his thigh .     guardiola said later : ` i 'll have to buy new ones for the next match '     trend for tight suits has seen dermot o'leary and olly murs left red-faced .     fashion blogger says men should n't ` stuff themselves ' into too-snug suits .
last week the apple watch went on sale to british tech fanatics .     but it 's not the only one of its kind on the market , there are many more .     now there 's a watch for everyone and we 've had a look at what 's on offer .
the crew of the liana 's ransom , an 85-foot-long replica schooner , were rescued by the coast guard early monday morning .     crew members had to jump from the ship to waiting coast guard boats .     luke arbuckle shorted the jump and struck his head against the side of the ship , later being airlifted to a hospital where he was treated and released .     captain ryan tilley was the last to leave the vessel , which was towed to a boatyard in eliot , massachusetts , on tuesday .
ricky dearman was branded cult leader in bitter battle over his children .     he said : ` they 'd said we were killing babies , i was shipping them in , we would cut the babies ' throats and then would drink the blood . it 's horrific '     judge found mother forced children to lie about sexual abuse and torture .     ella draper and abraham christie wanted by police but have fled abroad .
seven of the colorful ensembles worn by the children in the movie will go under the hammer later this month .     the costumes are being auctioned as one single lot , alongside a vhs tape of the movie , signed by actor dan truitt , who played rolff von trapp .
a petition launched on monday demanding samantha armytage apologise for ` racist ' remark made last month .     presenter was interviewing mixed race twins lucy and maria aylmer on sunrise .     during introduction she said ` good on ' lucy for getting ` her dad 's fair skin '     video of the interview has popped up on social media and sparked change.org petition .     a seven spokesperson said the comment was sam ` taking a dig at herself '
#milifandom has sparked hundreds of tweets in support of ed miliband .     twitter frenzy was started by young labour supporter named ` abby '     internet jokers have joined in , posting mocked-up images of ed as characters from famous films including fifty shades of grey .     last week , the labour leader met an adoring hen party in chester .     adoration is unlikely to translate into votes - fans are mostly teenagers .
wave of deadly anti-immigrant violence has caused thousands to flee their homes in south africa .     immigrants fear further attacks despite clamp down by authorities .     `` how am i going to pay the rent and feed my wife ? '' says one man .
mario valencia took a rifle from a walmart in tuscon , arizona on february 19 and was able to start firing it as soon as he left .     the stolen weapon should have still been locked and police chasing the men were told he could not fire the loaded gun .     he was later taken out by an officer who hit him with his vehicle .     the gun was found to be locked with loose wire that was not wrapped enough when police recovered it from the scene .     walmart claims the wire could have been knocked loose because of the impact from the car .
planetary society analysed the feasibility and cost of missions .     crewed mission to orbit the martian moon phobos in 2033 first step .     will lead up to a crewed landing on the red planet in 2039 .     report says missions fit within nasa 's human space exploration budget .
daniel williams ' video shows a every aspect of a day in the life of an office worker .     the 90 second clip has been viewed three million times on youtube .     gopros are often used by adrenaline junkies to capture once-in-a-lifetime experiences .
christopher swain donned protective suit to swim through gowanus canal .     brooklyn waterway is famous dumping site for toxic industrial waste .     roughly 377million gallons of diluted raw sewage poured in each year .     swain quit two-thirds of a mile into 1.8-mile journey and said it was like ` swimming into a dirty diaper '     swimmer gargled peroxide and had special tablet on hand to fight against contaminated water entering his body and making him sick .     he urged faster cleanup of the canal , which is slated for dredging in 2017 .
shanice farier , 22 , stole # 15,336 between october 2012 and february 2013 .     court heard she was paid a decent salary and got handouts from her father .     farier told her probation officers that taking the money was ` just too easy '     judge ordered her to do 240 hours of unpaid work in the derby community .
a beach hut on desirable mudeford spit in christchurch , dorset , has gone on the market for # 230,000 .     it is one of britain 's most expensive beach huts and is the same price as a family home in many parts of the uk .     hut 39 measures just 15ft by 10ft and has no mains water or electricity , but boasts a solar panel for 12v lights .     it can sleep up to five people and has spectacular views over christchurch bay to the needles and the isle of wight .
allegations a 17-year-old was forced to sleep with prince andrew erased .     virginia roberts had attempted to join lawsuit against the u.s. government .     the women were trying to reopen a federal non-prosecution agreement .     a judge today struck her and a second woman 's claims from court records .     he said the details had no bearing on the attempt to reopen prosecution .
glasgow warriors captain al kellock will retire at the end of the season .     kellock amassed 56 scotland caps during eleven-year international career .     the lock is calling time on career after 150 matches as glasgow captain .
the usa women 's soccer team have unveiled their new kits for the world cup .     sportswear giants nike have been responsible for the new design .     there has been some controversy surrounding the decision to make the kits black and white rather than the traditional red , white and blue .
arsenal moved up to second with 4-1 win over liverpool on saturday .     gunners are bucking their recent trend of ending the season badly .     but they had already dropped 13 points in premier league by mid-october .     signing a defender , midfielder and forward may make them title favourites .
speed camera discovered pointing at house in handsworth , birmingham .     fixed cameras switched off across the west midlands in spring of 2013 .     site is not going to be part of a new trial using digital technology .     obsolete camera may now be taken down after engineers examine device .
dr mehmet oz is vice chairman at columbia 's college of physicians and surgeons and is a professor of surgery .     he said in a statement that his show provides ` multiple points of view ' , including his , ` which is offered without conflict of interest '     comes after ten top doctors sent letter to school urging for oz 's dismissal .     said there 's no scientific proof his ` miracle ' weight-loss supplements work .     columbia said it ` is committed to the principle of academic freedom '     university has not removed tv celebrity doctor from his faculty position .
tremors subside finally in kathmandu , but after-effects of saturday 's staggering tragedy will be felt for years .     arwa damon and gul tuysuz take tour of devastated city as locals struggle to cope .     workers dig painstakingly , slowly removing piles of stone and debris .
site can analyze any photo and will guess the age and sex .     said 30-year-old khloe kardashian looks 44 .     microsoft app also determined obama looks the right age of 53 .     users can search for photos on bing or upload their own .
premier league clubs on alert after shock reports from germany .     klopp has told dortmund bosses he wants to leave in the summer .     press conference has been scheduled for 12.30 pm .     the 47-year-old has been linked to arsenal and man city jobs .     klopp has won two league titles and the german cup in seven years there .     breaking news : klopp confirms he will leave dortmund in the summer .
art deco gas station once featured in films like la story and 48 hours before falling into disrepair .     opened in 1935 in la by the american giants gilmore oil it was eventually closed in the 1990s .     property has now been bought by starbucks and transformed into a coffee shop .
arsenal defeated reading 2-1 after extra-time to reach the fa cup final .     alexis sanchez scored both goals in his debut season for the gunners .     the chile international also scored twice against england at wembley .     gianfranco zola and robin van persie both won the cup in their debut seasons in the premier league .
chelsea travel to arsenal for their premier league clash on sunday .     this will be cesc fabregas ' first return to the emirates since leaving .     his relationship with arsene wenger has deteriorated since he left in 2011 .     wenger : arsenal fans should give fabregas a good welcome .     read : jose mourinho deep down admires what wenger has established .     read : arsenal fans call for removal of emirates stadium fabregas flag .
researchers find that bird species are continuing to drop in fukushima .     the barn swallow , for example , dropped from hundreds to dozens .     this is despite radiation levels in the region starting to fall .     and comparing it to chernobyl could reveal what the future holds .
kim , 34 , said she would be watching bruce 's show with her family .     she was attending a variety event in nyc just hours before the tell-all .     it was claimed that the former olympian would be watching the show twice - once with the kardashians and next with the jenners .
sophomore tiffany gay thought she was being led outside for a routine fire drill but instead she found luis velasquez holding a bouquet of flowers .     gay 's classmates cheered as she held back tears of joy and some of them held signs that read , ` will you go to prom with me ? '     gay is a special needs student who struggles with a genetic disorder called prader-willi syndrome -lrb- pws -rrb- .     pws causes insatiable appetite along with other physical abnormalities .     video of the cute promposal has over three million views since being posted to facebook on tuesday .
the doctor in is 's most recent propaganda video has been identified .     tareq kamleh refers to himself as abu yusuf al-australi in the film .     he calls on foreigners with training to join the isis health service .     kamleh was identified after the propaganda film went viral .     colleagues said he was a ` womaniser ' who drank alcohol regularly .     they also said he showed no signs of defecting to the militant group .     he studied at adelaide university before continuing his work in peadiatrics .
heavyweight boxer dereck chisora is planning a summer comeback .     promoter frank warren has revealed chisora is back in training .     chisora has not boxed since defeat to switch-hitting tyson fury .     fellow heavyweight david price is being lined up to fight chisora .
akhil amar : lincoln 's two biggest legacies , keeping union together and abolishing slavery , had midwestern roots .     lincoln saw the federal government as pre-eminent and believed there was no logical border for dividing the u.s.
`` the price is right '' gives away a car ... accidentally .     a model makes a big mistake during a game .     host drew carey thought the error was hilarious .
mullah omar , the reclusive founder of the afghan taliban , is still in charge , a new biography claims .     an ex-taliban insider says there have been rumors that the one-eyed militant is dead .
southampton beat hull city 2-0 at st mary 's in the premier league on saturday to keep top four hopes alive .     james ward-prowse opened the scoring for the home side from the penalty spot 10 minutes into the second half .     the southampton midfielder was brought on as a substitute at half-time and made no mistake from 12 yards .     graziano pelle made it 2-0 in the 81st minute as the italian ended his four-month wait for a premier league goal .
the moose toys headquarters is located in the heart of melbourne .     staff can enjoy basketball , table tennis and yoga sessions during breaks .     the team can scribble their ideas on whiteboard walls inside the cubby .     employee of the year gets a gold crown and a free holiday of their choice .     but there 's one catch - no one is allowed to eat lunch at their desks .     other activities include a trip to an art exhibition and karaoke nights .
new technology allows parents of ivf children to view babies ' conception .     it allows parents to see the embryo forming far before usual 12 week scan .     medics are able to watch process and select best embryo to be planted .     sally and stephen morley among 1,500 couples in uk to use technology .
local man ran onto catwalk as designer kym ellery took her bow .     he was seen holding hands over his ears and shouting at security guard .     neighbour overheard saying organisers had no respect for community .     ballet performance on the runway kicked off first show of mbfwa .
alison hargreaves , 32 , was killed in 1995 as she descended from k2 .     now her son tom ballard plans to conquer treacherous mountain himself .     his mother was swept to her death by 260mph winds atop the mountain .     at 28,251 ft , k2 is considered more difficult to climb than mount everest .
floyd mayweather faces manny pacquiao at the mgm grand arena in las vegas on may 2 .     16,000 fans will pack into mgm grand to watch the fight which is worth $ 300m .     both mayweather and pacquiao arrived in las vegas on tuesday ahead of the fight .     watch : jeff powell on floyd mayweather and manny pacquiao 's arrival in las vegas .     click here for all the latest floyd mayweather vs manny pacquiao news .
snp leader says she will hold talks with westminster parties after may 8 .     first minister is not standing for election and will not be in commons .     vows to use fix term parliament act to ` change direction ' of government .     mandelson 's firm says the snp will emerge as the winners of the election .     tns poll puts snp up two points on 54 % , with labour down two to 22 % .
four brown leatherette bean bags placed in library at ickworth house .     furniture dating nearly 200 years removed to make way for bean bags .     designed to encourage visitors to ` dwell and take in atmosphere '     art historian brands the experiment ` patronising nonsense '
princess charlene presented novak djokovic with a sports award .     charlene was glamorous in navy as she handed over the gong in monaco .     award was part of a ceremony taking place in shanghai .     glitzy event was attended by benedict cumberbatch and henry cavill .
freddie gray , 27 , died sunday a week after his arrest at the gilmor homes .     four officers arrested him for a violation that has not been disclosed .     was dragged during the arrest and witness said his legs ` looked broke '     he was loaded into a transport van and put in restraints on way to station .     30 minutes later ambulance was called to station to take him to the hospital .     died , was resuscitated , stayed in coma and underwent extensive surgery .     justice league nyc organized rallies at station where gray was taken .     baltimore mayor has promised thorough investigation and ` real ' answers .
health expert mark bellis says alcohol abuse goes back as far as ancient civilisations such as the greeks and mesopotamians .     the egyptians used to warn against mixing alcoholic drinks with drugs .     authorities tackled public drunkenness with street lights and advertising .
many girls in nima , one of accra 's poorest slums , receive little or no education .     achievers ghana is a school funded by the community to give the next generation a better chance of success .     girls are being taught to code by tech entrepreneur regina agyare , who believes her students will go far .
scientists in china are believed to have altered the dna of human embryos so that changes can be passed on to future generations in the germ line .     leading researchers have called for a halt on such research until the implications and safety of the technology can be properly explored .     they warn germ line modification is ` dangerous and ethically unacceptable '     some fear the technique could be misused to create ` designer families '
kathie lee said on today that bruce 's bombshell revelation that he 's female was news to kris .     the tv host claimed that the kardashian matriarch is ` trying to get her act together '     she described the situation facing the blended family moving forward as ` complicated '     kendall and kylie 's godmother acknowledged on today that she was shocked and ` never saw this coming '     in his abc interview , bruce said that his third wife , like his first two wives , did know about his cross-dressing and his gender identity struggle .     he revealed that she found out when he could no longer keep his 36b breasts hidden .     the olympian said he and kris would probably still be together if she had been more accepting of the situation .
floyd mayweather jr and manny pacquiao 's fight will be the richest ever .     sportsmail 's jeff powell is counting down the ring 's most significant fights .     joe frazier v muhammad ali in new york in 1971 is the third in the series .     smokin ' joe was two-belt champion bizarrely backed by conservatives .     ali was darling of young blacks after refusal to fight in vietnam .
journey started at nile linen group in alexandria port in egypt on march 8 .     after 17 day and 3,000 mile trip , arrived in moreton-on-lugg in hereford .     staff heard meows from inside container , which had laundry linen in .     called out rspca who found ravenous eight-month-old kitten , sinbad .     given two slices of british beef which was going company director 's lunch .     has gone into quarantine for four months and then hopes to be re-homed .
french health chiefs say binge-drinking is ` anglo-saxon phenomenon '     half aged 18-25 in france admitted drinking with aim of ` getting drunk '     number of young females admitting binging has tripled in last decade .     minister wants to introduce fines or prison for inciting underage drinking .
cheryl prudham , 33 , from kent , planning to renew vows with husband rob .     pair splashing out on hotel , gown , limousine and casino gambling money .     even wants to try for 13th child there so she can boast it is conceived in la .     comes just weeks after pair reunited following split over mr prudham 's indecent facebook messages .
shortly after being presented with his green jacket , new masters champion jordan spieth gave 25 interviews over the course of 24 hours in new york .     then , despite his fatigue , the 21-year-old flew to south carolina to keep a promise and play in the heritage tournament - his fourth event in a row .     by contrast , players on the european tour have not shown the same sort of unwavering commitment to the sport .     ian poulter , henrik stenson and sergio garcia have decided not to play at the bmw pga championship being staged at wentworth next month .
investigator recommends removing pornography from army base stores .     said soldiers did n't realize salacious shoot not ` in harmony with our values '     utah national guard officer sacked after allowing risqué video to be shot .     emails from within 19th special forces unit show attempts to remove references to their involvement with hot shots bikini models .     scantily clad women used army tank , helicopter and truck as props .     after video made public , soldiers blamed ` uptight mormons ' for outrage .
one in three women are self conscious about the state of their skin .     superdrug launches range of creams to tackle spots and fight aging .     hormones and diets blamed for those up to their 50s suffering with spots .
tourists and locals queue for several hours to get their hands on jenny 's butter cookies .     people are even hired to stand in line to buy the cookies , which are later sold at an up-to-70 % mark-up .     food frenzies have also taken place in other parts of the world .
reanne evans says qualifying for the world championships is a must .     the 29-year-old needs to beat former champion ken doherty to qualify .     evans has won 10 women 's world titles during her successful career .     read : steve davis plays down crucible chances as he bids to qualify .
the executive director of zeta beta tau fraternity apologizes for `` ugly and unacceptable behavior ''     university of florida and emory university fraternity members are being investigated .     wounded veterans , fraternity members stayed at the same resort at panama city beach , florida .
wcco this morning reporter ashley roberts , who lives and works in minnesota , was proposed to by boyfriend justin mccray .     the florida native was shocked to see her now-fiancé appear in the studio during a segment on wedding costs .
nick loeb and sofia vergara froze fertilized embryos in november 2013 but then broke up in may 2014 .     implied he wants to use the embryos to have children and says he should be allowed to - whether vergara is involved or not .     filed lawsuit claiming vergara wants to destroy the two female embryos .     vergara denies this but says she does n't want to use them , either .
mary cartwright worked at drakelow underground factory from 1943-1945 .     aged 20 , she analysed metal in its laboratory for bristol hercules engines .     now 91 , the great grandmother has revisited the site in kidderminster .     it was one of 26 underground factories used to produce military parts .
arsenal 's alexis sanchez is enjoying a fine debut season in english football .     he has scored 22 goals in all competitions since signing from barcelona .     sanchez has been nominated for the pfa player of the year award .     the 26-year-old has spoken highly about the quality of his arsenal team-mates and singled out fellow attacker santi carzola for particular praise .     the gunners are currently second in the premier league table and through to the fa cup final for a second consecutive season .
hattie gladwell was fitted with an ileostomy bag in january this year .     she had undergone emergency surgery for ulcerative colitis .     the 19-year-old blogs about her life with her bag fitted to small intestine .     she reveals all about her sex life and the effect it has on her confidence .
study : exercising increases the amount of grey matter in the brain .     it makes areas of the brain that control balance and co-ordination bigger .     in the long term this could reduce the risk of falling or becoming immobile .     previous studies show exercise can stave off alzheimer 's and diabetes .
geoffrey lewis appeared in many movies , tv shows .     actor was frequently collaborator with clint eastwood .     actress juliette lewis , his daughter , called him `` my hero ''
amanda richards , from new york says she does n't campaigns which widen the gap between ` fat ' and ` thin '     she says plus-size store lane bryant 's new ads celebrating women do n't actually show varying shapes , but rather ` correctly ' proportioned plus-size women .     to show solidarity with other plus-size women , she posted photos of herself in lane bryant lingerie online .
9 indicted on organized crime charges related to bourbon thefts .     employees at two kentucky distilleries among those indicted .
this year marks the 40th anniversary of snooker 's most prestigious tournament at the crucible theatre .     barry hearn is close to extending deals with sheffield city council .     hearn is also close to securing a new deal with the bbc .     both deals are due to expire in 2017 .
becca and dale litchfield spent their wedding savings on ivf .     the couple were thrilled when they conceived not one but two babies .     dale secretly entered a wedding contest and the couple won .
a woman was accidentally ordered to pay # 3.35 quadrillion to her pension .     massive sum is more than the entire gross domestic product of germany .     blunder by pensions office was discovered before any money was taken .
hanan , 19 , was captured by isis when militants took the town of sinjar .     she was among the women and girls separated to be sold as sex slaves .
the women were traveling near savannah in two vehicles when a tractor-trailer plowed into an suv , then rolled over a small car .     killed were emily clark , morgan bass , abbie deloach , catherine pittman and caitlyn baggett - all juniors at georgia southern university .     the georgia state patrol said three people also were injured and seven vehicles were damaged .     it could take investigators months to determine whether to file criminal charges against trucker john wayne johnson .     johnson was employed by trucking company based out of mississippi whose drivers have racked up 266 violations over past two years .
the penalty is more than 10 times the previous record , according to a newspaper report .     utility commission to force pacific gas & electric co. to make infrastructure improvements .     company apologizes for explosion that killed 8 , says it is using lessons learned to improve safety .