with temperatures creeping up , let 's celebrate with some ice cream. in fact , why not make your own ? the choice of ice cream makers has never been wider. mandy francis tried out the best brands on the high street with some enthusiastic help from her children stanley , 13 , and florence , eight. the swan come dine with me ice cream & gelato maker is best for dinner parties. how does it work ? this minimalist , cube-shaped machine looks sleek and impressive. the removable bowl -- which has an inner , freezable gel layer -- has to be frozen for eight hours before you put it back in the machine , then add the mixing arm , pop on the lid , and turn it on.
how good to welcome padraig harrington back to augusta after a year 's absence , complete with his weird and wonderful practice-ground routines. ' padraig harrington hits a tee shot on the fourth hole during the second day of the masters on friday. meth on the rise. headline writers everywhere will be keeping fingers crossed that golf continues to prove an addiction for the highly rated us public links champion byron meth , who opened with a 74 on his masters debut. byron meth makes a chip shot on the second hole as the american amateur continues to impress at augusta.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- ahmed farouq did n't have the prestige of fellow al qaeda figure osama bin laden , the influence of anwar al-awlaki , or the notoriety of adam gadahn. that 's the assessment of multiple sources on a man who may not have been well-known in the west , but nonetheless had a special role in the terrorist group. farouq -- an american -- died in a u.s. counterterrorism airstrike in january , according to the white house. two al qaeda hostages , warren weinstein of the united states and giovanni lo porto from italy , were killed in the same strike , while gadahn died in another u.s. operation that month.
it was the sort of training ground accident that can happen to anyone , but it had far-reaching consequences for philipp lahm. lahm 's tackle on a team-mate at bayern munich 's training ground on the outskirts of the city appeared innocuous enough , until a scream of pain pierced the morning air and a frantic wave signalled he was in trouble. as players milled round him , and a physio inspected the damage , the call went out for expert medical help. there was n't any. to the dismay of pep guardiola , there was n't a single qualified doctor on site.
steve clarke sprang up and pumped the air with his fist. as a chelsea player and coach , clarke has fought hard across the capital with arsenal over the years but through the first-half at wembley , his reading team struggled to match their illustrious opponents. they backed off and defended , and offered a little too much respect to the team with the best form in the barclays premier league since the turn of the year. steve clarke applauds fans after his reading side were narrowly beaten by arsenal at wembley stadium. arsenal have been irresistible since they improved at the back and supplied a stronger base for the flair of their many attacking stars to perform upon.
the milan derby used to be italian football 's biggest attraction. a host of world stars , two unwavering sets of supporters and a fierce rivalry meant ac milan and inter could always guarantee a spectacle. it was certainly the case in april 2005 when a hail of flares rained down from the stands on to the san siro pitch - flooding the stadium with smoke and forcing german referee markus merk to abandon a virulent champions league quarter-final. on sunday , they meet once more against the backdrop of a champions league quarter-final week. inter milan pose for a team photo ahead of their champions league quarter-final against ac milan in 2005.
the conservative know that they need to turn large parts of the country blue on may 7. while mr cameron was messing about with boris johnson in surbiton , his wife was 200 miles away in west yorkshire giving a lick of paint to a charity project. scroll down for video. samantha cameron picked up a paintbrush to help at the growing zone allotment project , a community project for children and adults with special needs. the prime minister 's wife was campaigning with conservative candidate alec shelbrooke -lrb- centre -rrb- in the seat of elmet and rothwell. mrs cameron has made several solo appearances during the election campaign in key seats , today supporting tory candidate alec shelbrooke in elmet and rothwell.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- amy schumer seems to be trying single-handedly this week to make everyone in america laugh. the comedian took a fake tumble on the red carpet tuesday night at the 2015 time 100 gala in new york -- right in front of fellow honorees kanye west and kim kardashian , who stepped around her as they moved down the line. the stunt drew guffaws from the paparazzi and other onlookers , although kanye -- perhaps not used to being upstaged -- looked unamused. the prank came the same night the third season of schumer 's hit show , `` inside amy schumer , '' premiered on comedy central.
but that was prince harry 's only nod to formality yesterday as he began his month-long visit down under. prince harry was greeted by an enthusiastic crowd at the australian war memorial in canberra , all keen to catch a glimpse of the royal. the prince pulled funny faces at a young girl waiting in the crowd with her mother , as others snapped photos on their smartphones. the prince is in australia to report for official military duty but he enjoyed his interaction with excited fans. prince harry has declared ` selfies are bad ' during his visit to the australian capital of canberra as revellers scrambled to get a piece of the royal on their camera phones.
best-selling author sarah wilson has hit out at a woman 's website after they published her photograph alongside a story about an apparent eating disorder. wilson 's face was plastered on the article alongside controversial wellness blogger belle gibson , who has been accused of faking terminal cancer , and paleo diet preacher pete evans. celebrity chef evans ' cookbook , bubba yum yum : the paleo way , was recently dropped by its publisher after the public health association of australia found that ' a baby may die ' if they consumed one of its particular recipes. ' sarah wilson hit out at the mamamia website after it published her photograph alongside a story on an eating disorder.
cleveland cavaliers small forward lebron james says he would pick himself for mvp if he could when a new set of nba awards are presented this summer. players are able to vote in the end-of-season awards for the first time , with titles such as ` man of the year ' being handed out ,. lebron james seems to have decided who deserves the nba mvp award at the end of the season. lebron goes up for a slam dunk -lrb- left -rrb- during the victory against the milwaukee bucks on wednesday night. when asked who would his vote be for mvp this year by espn , james replied ` myself ' , before adding : ` guys are going to be able to recognise the guys they play against every night and what they do for their franchises.
dramatic footage has emerged of the moment police in texas pulled an unconscious man from the burning wreckage of his car mere moments before it was engulfed by flames. officers in mesquite early sunday came upon the burning suv belonging to 25-year-old hector valles , who was unresponsive and wedged behind the wheel. certain death : police in mesquite , texas arrived to find a crashed car burning as the driver lay unconscious behind the wheel. pulled him out : the dashcam rolled as officers ryan nielson and autumn soto managed to get 25-year-old hector valles out of his suv and stamp out his burning clothes.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- a hooded angel with black wings appeared on tuesday near the spot where walter scott was shot and killed by a police officer in north charleston , south carolina , on saturday. when protesters held the winged figure at a wednesday morning rally outside north charleston 's city hall , the artwork was widely photographed. creator phillip hyman grew up in the neighborhood where scott , an unarmed black man , was shot in the back several times by a white police officer on saturday. he woke up about 3 a.m. a couple of days after scott was killed and began searching for materials.
the woman who launched a social media campaign in a bid to return a sentimental ring which was discovered at a bali resort has found the owner. queensland resident roxy walsh took to her facebook account after recovering the gold jewellery at the finns beach club in bali on tuesday. fortunately , ms walsh said she has since been in contact with the owner and will be having breakfast with ` the joe and jenny ' in noosa on sunday. the snorkeller who discovered a sentimental ring at a bali resort has found the owner of the gold jewellery. but revelations on social media suggest the pair are from the sunshine coast in queensland.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- a california woman who was recording police activity said she was terrified when a deputy u.s. marshal walked toward her , grabbed her cell phone out of her hands and smashed it with his foot. the incident was recorded by another woman with a smartphone camera across the street. beatriz paez filed a complaint wednesday with police in south gate , just south of los angeles. however , the police do n't have authority over marshals. paez said she was out walking sunday when she noticed what looked like an arrest several houses up the street. the woman said marshals asked her to stop recording but she told them she had a right to do so.
john helm was commentating on bradford city 's game against lincoln city when the fire broke out and still struggles to listen to his description of that fatal day. here he gives his insight into what caused the blaze. approaching the 30th anniversary of the bradford city fire , it was inevitable i would be asked to recall the horrific images from a match i was commentating on for yorkshire television. what i did not expect was for someone to suggest the fire may not have been an accident , as martin fletcher has done with his book fifty-six , the story of the bradford fire.
cradling your stomach with a hot water bottle might seem like the norm at ` that time of the month '. while most ` normal ' period pain can be fixed with ibuprofen or a over-the-counter anti-inflammatory , a doctor tells daily mail australia that more severe symptoms such as nausea , back or leg pain or bleeding at unexpected times of the month can all point to a more serious condition - endrometriosis. dr lara briden explains that endometriosis is a condition where bits of the uterus lining grow in other places outside of the uterus such as the ovaries , bladder or intestines.
the mother-of-one has saved # 17,000 over three years by spending an hour a day searching for deals and coupons. mrs drew , 31 , is so keen on a bargain she even bags items she does not need and gives them away to friends. scroll down for video. mother-of-one jennifer drew has saved # 17,000 over three years by spending an hour a day searching for deals and coupons. mrs drew , who uses newspaper coupons as well as voucher websites such as wowcher and groupon , said : ' i ca n't imagine life without coupons and , to be honest , i do n't understand why no one else is cashing in.
washington -lrb- cnn -rrb- early clinton campaign calculations , the favored way for one of her opponents to channel his concerns , a gop ticket for the generations , and republican calendar concerns filled our sunday trip around the `` inside politics '' table. 1. watch the volume as o'malley uses youtube to test clinton pokes. slowly but clearly , former maryland gov. martin o'malley is intensifying his criticism of overwhelming democratic presidential front-runner hillary clinton. cnn 's jeff zeleny says o'malley enjoys using youtube videos as a quick way to spread his opinion -- and question moves by clinton , like her reversal on the question of whether she supports allowing undocumented workers to obtain driver 's licenses.
a woman who had stars tattooed on her face says she has no choice other than to claim benefits worth # 14,000-a-year because no one will employ her. kay bennett , 33 , from swindon , says the tattoos , which were done when she was 24 , have turned her into a jobless recluse. benefits : kay bennett , 33 , from swindon , says she ca n't get a job because of her six facial tattoos. ` i ca n't afford to have it done but i 'm absolutely desperate to get rid of them , ' says miss bennett , who claims she has applied for 40 jobs in the last year but without success.
just days after bruce jenner 's powerful interview with diane sawyer , another transgender person is making a monumental television appearance. starting in may , scott turner schofield will become the first transgender man to have a recurring role on a daytime soap opera when he appears on the bold and the beautiful. scroll down for video. major moment : scott turner schofield -lrb- left , with thorsten kaye -rrb- has landed a role on the popular soap opera the bold and the beautiful. major figure : schofield -lrb- left , right in high school -rrb- is a speaker and author known for his one-person shows that address transgender issues.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- sarah brady , who with her husband , james brady , pushed for stricter gun control laws , including the brady handgun violence prevention act , died friday , her family said. `` sarah courageously stepped up after jim was shot to prevent others from enduring what our family has gone through , and her work has saved countless lives , '' their statement said. james brady , president ronald reagan 's press secretary , was shot in the head by john hinckley jr. during his attempt to assassinate reagan in 1981. brady spent the rest of his life in a wheelchair , advocating against gun violence.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- when les moonves sits down at a restaurant in hollywood , it 's usually the waiter 's lucky night. as the president and ceo of cbs corp. , which includes showtime , moonves runs a powerful television network in a town where nearly every waiter also wants to be an actor. but when he walked into craig 's in west hollywood last year , those roles were reversed. instead , he was offering moonves an `` in '' to the most coveted match-up in boxing : floyd mayweather vs. manny pacquiao. `` moonves ' love of boxing , our love of boxing -- that gave me the confidence to say to him ` give me a chance , ' '' said salvador , an actor who has appeared in `` bones '' and `` blue bloods.
richie benaud spent a lifetime in the sun and in his final years he ruefully admitted that he was paying the price for it with skin cancers on his forehead and the top of his head. the 84-year-old , who died on friday , talked about his cancer and the treatment he was undergoing with typical candour. ' the cricket commentary box legend talked about the radiation treatment he was receiving for his skin cancer. scroll down for video. skin cancer : richie benaud , pictured at the scg in january 2013 , revealed late last year that he had skin cancer and was receiving radiation treatment , admitting that ` as a kid we never ever wore a cap ' but using the opportunity to advise all australians to cover their heads.
alastair cook has been working on a new , more open stance with former england batting coach graham gooch over the past few months. but in the first test against the west indies , i think he overdid it. the picture below shows cook playing against india at lord 's in 2007 -- when he was playing well -- with a near perfect stance. his front foot is slightly open but not too far past the line of leg stump. alastair cook has been working on a new stance , but he appears to have overdone it against the west indies.
brendan rodgers will deliver his weekly briefing to the media on friday afternoon , previewing the showdown with arsenal on saturday and discussing the future of raheem sterling. the young england star has moved a step closer to an anfield exit after revealing in a tv interview that he is not ready to sign a new contract at anfield. sterling , 20 , has been offered a new # 100,000-a-week contract to stay at the club but admitted he is ` flattered ' by interest from arsenal. and with that , brendan rodgers has brought to a close the broadcast section of his press conference.
alison hall , 48 , almost choked to death after a false nail in her pocket worked its way into her asthma inhaler. it then shot to the back of her throat when she took a puff. an asthma sufferer almost choked to death when she took a puff on her inhaler and nearly swallowed a false nail. alison hall , 48 , was at work when she felt her chest tightening and took out her blue salbutamol inhaler. the mother-of-one ran outside in a panic when a neighbour came to her rescue and began pounding her back before calling 999.
a japanese woman got sweet revenge on her cheating boyfriend by giving his apple collection a good wash. the unnamed heartbroken girlfriend clearly knew how to hit her lying lover where it hurts , and dumped his imac , iphone , ipad and accessories in the bath tub. a japanese woman got sweet revenge on her cheating boyfriend by giving his apple collection a good wash. the woman scorned took the trouble to give his imac - which start at # 899 - a single soaking. even if he tries the recommended trick of leaving his gadgets in uncooked rice for 48 hours , we think all the rice in japan could n't dry this lot out.
a bosnian town , home to more than 200 sets of twins in a population of 20,000 has claimed that it is the world 's multiple birth capital and wants to use that fact to turn it into a tourist attraction. officials in buzim , north west bosnia said their home should be known as the ` town of twins ' , due to the unusually high number of multiple births. edita and elma pajalic are among the 200 sets of twins in the bosnian town of buzim. samed and sara dizdarevic live in the town which has a far higher than normal rate of multiple births.
mohamed diame will make his long-awaited return for hull when the tigers travel to swansea on saturday. hull boss steve bruce has confirmed that the sengalese midfielder , signed for # 3.5 million from west ham in the summer but who has been out for more than four months with a knee injury , will be involved at some stage of the match. bruce said : ` he will be involved. mohamed diame is set to return from injury for hull city 's visit to swansea city on saturday. the return of the # 3.5 m senegalese midfielder is a boost for hull as they face a relegation battle.
these two australian dogs have got talent ! a pair of border collies were caught on camera performing a balancing act. using a human as their base , pooches ace and holly stood up high on their hind legs , with their front paws up. scroll down for video. here we go ! border collie ace is seen on top of his owner and trainer dai aoki 's lap. the brief clip , set to ` les toreadors ' from ` carmen , ' first shows a man , identified as their owner and trainer dai aoki , lying on the ground with 22-month-old ace on his lap.
nearly 11 months after travelling to syria and joining islamic state , british fighter hamza parvez , 22 , still has n't found a wife and has been living with a group of unmarried fighters. known as abu hamza al-britani , the loveless british pakistani fighter recently moved back to the islamic state de-facto capital city of raqqa in syria , in search of love. hamza parvez -lrb- left -rrb- standing next to belgian fighter and close friend abu mariya al-belgiki have been living together in a house in raqqa , syria. over six months since he travelled to syria , hamza 's friend abu mariya al-belgiki remains a frustrated bachelor.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- one hundred and forty-seven victims. many more families affected. as kenyans mourned those killed last week in one of the deadliest terrorist attacks in the nation , citizens used social media to share the victims ' stories , hopes and dreams. using the hashtag # 147notjustanumber -- a reference to the number of people , mostly students , killed at garissa university college on thursday -- kenyans tweeted pictures of the victims in happier times. kenyan authorities have not released a list of the victims. the posts provided heart-wrenching details on the victims , including one about an elderly man whose dreams died with his son.
centennial , colorado -lrb- cnn -rrb- after months of intensive questioning , a jury has finally been picked for the trial of colorado movie theater massacre suspect james holmes. twelve jurors and twelve alternates are on the list. jury selection started in january with 9,000 potential jurors. but the legal wrangling is the case is just revving up. holmes ' defense attorneys asked for a change of venue after the jury was seated tuesday. the judge denied their request , noting that a jury had already been seated. opening statements in the trial are scheduled to begin on april 27. holmes is accused of killing 12 people and injuring 70 others when he allegedly opened fire inside a packed theater during the midnight showing of `` the dark knight rises '' on july 20 , 2012.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- i 'm haunted by the video of officer michael slager firing eight shots at walter scott as he fled his encounter with north charleston police -- his back turned to the officer. i understand why people are skeptical of self-defense claims -- especially from law enforcement. as a defense attorney , i am more sensitive than anyone to the assumption of innocence for those accused of a crime , but this single piece of evidence -- a video of a man shot in the back while in full retreat -- defies any reasonable explanation. however , there is another camera that -- had it been deployed -- might have prevented the entire tragedy : a police body camera.
the u.s. supreme court 's. arguments on tuesday over same-sex marriage will cap more than. two decades of litigation and a transformation in public. verge of declaring gay marriage legal nationwide. justice anthony kennedy , the court 's pivotal member on gay. in his most recent gay rights decision for the court in. 2013 , rejecting a legal definition of marriage limited to a man. and woman for purposes of federal benefits , kennedy deplored. that u.s. law for making gay marriages ` unequal. ' scroll down for video. a moment in history : people line up outside the supreme court in washington april 26 ahead of tuesday 's arguments focusing on gay marriage.
but chilly temperatures in the northeast have kept snow on the ground well into april. one family on new york 's long island were even able to keep a snowman alive until this weekend , when their frosty finally melted in 70-degree temperatures. but before the snowman withered away , he became somewhat of an internet celebrity , with more than 3,000 people liking the page the family dedicated to their carrot-nosed friend on facebook. scroll down for video. until next year ! a family on new york 's long island tried to keep this snowman alive for as long as possible , but the frosty melted this weekend when 70-degree temperatures hit the area.
a couple from louisville kentucky shared the tragic story of how they accidentally killed their 18-month-old son on thursday. brian bayers tearfully told wave how he was preparing to take his son back to day-care on february 13 when he went outside to warm up his truck and drive it closer to the house. scroll down for video. tearful memory : brian bayers tearfully recalled how he accidentally backed over his 18-month-old son. shattered : brian and amanda bayers are heartbroken after accidentally killing their son jackson in february. crushed : jackson was hit by the front wheels of the vehicle backing up and when the front wheels back around , he essentially walked right into the side of the vehicle.
forget sunbathing , now you can spend your holiday learning to strip. burlesque queen dita von teese is offering burlesque workshops at canyon ranch , a luxury health resort in tucson , arizona. with an emphasis on self-confidence boosting , the forty two-year-old fashion designer and author famous for her raunchy routines will run presentations and classes incorporating the principles of modern burlesque - the ` art form ' she famously revived. dita von teese will offer guests at the canyon ranch an insight into the glamorous world of burlesque. von teese , real name heather renée sweet , will team up with burlesque teacher catherine d'lish , to offer ranch guests a striptease workshop.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- it seems almost silly to be writing about baseball in the context of recent events. last weekend , as baltimore reacted to the death of freddie gray , the young man who died last week from a spinal cord injury he suffered while in police custody , major league baseball had a problem on its hands. saturday 's game between the orioles and red sox had gone into extra innings in camden yards , with plenty of fans for both teams glued to their seats. boston fans feel at home in oriole park -- a so-called retro urban park built to embrace the luxuries of modern stadiums while maintaining that nostalgic feel -- because much of it was based on boston 's fenway park.
chelsea match-winner cesc fabregas hailed a vital win after his late goal gave his side a 1-0 victory over qpr at loftus road. the game looked to be heading for a stalemate before fabregas ' 88th minute shot - their first on target in the game - found its way past rob green. the win moved jose mourinho 's men seven points clear at the top of the table and fabregas admitted it was an important goal. midfielder cesc fabregas runs away in celebration having scored a vital winner in the 88th minute. we know that we are playing for the most important trophy of the season , ' the midfielder told sky sports.
leicester 's premier league forecast has looked gloomy for some considerable time , but jamie vardy 's stoppage time winner at the hawthorns suddenly offers a sunnier outlook. ` it was a pretty decent day , ' said vardy -lrb- below -rrb-. ` i go to the racing for a giggle. ' leicester have appeared doomed to relegation for months , cemented to the bottom of the table since november. jamie vardy scored an injury-time winner to improve his side 's slim chance of premier league survival. vardy celebrates in front of the travelling away fans after hitting the winner against west bromwich albion.
david cameron took on church of england bishops yesterday after they questioned the morality of his austerity and welfare policies. in an easter message to christians , the prime minister insisted the coalition had spent five years ` trying to lift people up ' by making work pay and encouraging responsibility. scroll down for video. trip with george : prime minister david cameron visited marston 's brewery in wolverhampton yesterday. statement : in an easter message to christians , the prime minister insisted the coalition had spent five years ` trying to lift people up ' by making work pay and encouraging responsibility.
the former navy seal who killed osama bin laden will host a ` machine gun fun ' shooting competition at a conservative fundraising event which costs $ 50,000 a ticket. robert o'neill , who claims the distinction of personally shooting dead the al qaeda leader , will treat specially-invited guests to a weekend shooting retreat in jackson hole , wyoming. potential attendees were contacted by the right-leaning for america non-profit and told to write back by may 10 for a chance to open fire alongside o'neill. citing ` security reasons ' , the invitation , acquired by the washington post , did not say exactly when the event would be - but was clear about the hefty price tag.
they 're two of the uks best loved celebrities so it 's little wonder than david beckham and holly willoughby have been voted the stars we 'd most like to have as our parents. in a new survey by ripley 's believe it or not ! david , the former england captain , obe and goodwill ambassador for unicef has been voted to be the number one celebrity figure brits would love to have as a dad. unfortunately for katie hopkins , she came bottom of the list. a new survey by ripley 's believe it or not has shown who we would most like to be in our dream celebrity family.
feeling grateful can improve the health of our hearts , according to a new study. researchers found that heart patients who expressed gratitude for the positive things in their life had improved mental , and ultimately physical , health. the study involved men and women who had been diagnosed with stage b heart failure. heart patients who expressed gratitude for the positive things in their life had better mental and physical health , a study found. stage b is where patients have developed structural heart disease - they may , for example , have had a heart attack that damaged the heart - but do not show symptoms of heart failure , such as shortness of breath or fatigue.
however one artistic soul proved there are still simple ways to make the mundane interesting when he used four plastic cups and a marker pen to create something truly unique. filming a demonstration of his creation , the video maker and artist holds up two see-through plastic cups that he has stacked into one another. the video maker holds two stacked cups up to the camera and rotates through the various hairstyles. drawn on the inside cup is a head and a torso and pictured on the outside cup are a selection of haircuts. rotating the outer cup , the man brings the numerous haircuts , which include a mohawk , short hair with a beard , a quiff and brushed hair with a moustache , into alignment with the head.
a mum has come under fire for sending out invitations to her son 's first birthday in which she lists very specific requests for the boy - including some rather large and pricy gifts. ' she even goes as far as to require that her guests include a receipt with their gifts so that she can get the full value back if she needs to return them. a mum has come under fire for sending out invitations to her son 's first birthday in which she lists very specific requests - including some quite large and expensive gifts. the invite was shared on reddit.
gene sarazen did it with the shot heard round the world. ben hogan did it with his one and only appearance at the open championship. tiger woods achieved it at the home of golf. and now rory mcilroy has the chance to join the exalted company of just five men at augusta national , of all places. as woods put it : ` where better could you ask for than to complete it here ? ' rory mcilroy tees off on the first during his practice round ahead of the 2015 masters on thursday. mcilroy is targeting his third major title and the completion of his career grand slam at augusta.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- kayahan , one of turkey 's best-loved singers and songwriters , died of cancer friday at the age of 66. the performer , who was also an accomplished guitarist , was first diagnosed with cancer in 1990 , the year he competed in the eurovision song contest , and the year before he released the album that ignited his career. the cancer returned in 2005 and then again in 2014 , turkey 's semiofficial anadolu agency reported. he died friday in a hospital in istanbul , five days after his 66th birthday. `` we are in grief over losing kayahan , who contributed to turkish music with countless compositions and marked a generation with his songs , '' prime minister ahmet davutoglu tweeted.
the world 's largest cattle station is for sale , and it 's larger than israel. according to the abc , the largest of the stations is anna creek station in south australia which covers an enormous 23,000 square kilometres. the eleven cattle farms cover over 100,000 square kilometres and are being sold by the family business s. kidman and co.. the world 's largest cattle station is for sale in anna creek south australia and it 's bigger than israel. all of the farms include the original equipment as well as the stock which is a beneficial deal with the 11 properties currently have 155,000 branded cattle with 30,000 more calves on the way.
helen dunn , 78 , was n't ever expecting to relive her daring past , but was surprised when she opened a copy of the sunday mercury newspaper to find a photo of herself starring back. the mother-of-two and grandmother , from stourbridge , west midlands , was flicking through the newspaper when she spotted herself on the cover of a raunchy lads ' mag from 1955. helen dunn , 78 , was shocked to discover her cover images for vintage lads mag span , when she opened the sunday mercury newspaper. vintage beauty : the grandma , from stourbridge , west midlands , was only 17 years old at the time of the cover shoot.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- cynthia lennon , who married john lennon when he was a struggling musician and was there when he rose to fame with the beatles , died wednesday , according to a post on the website of her son , julian. she was 75. `` cynthia lennon passed away today at her home in mallorca , spain , following a short but brave battle with cancer. her son julian lennon was at her bedside throughout , '' his website says. '' john and cynthia lennon were married for six years , from 1962 to 1968. the pair met at art school , where cynthia studied to be an illustrator and john practiced painting -- in between concerts with a band that would become the beatles.
but on tuesday , kim kardashian was cropped out of a photo for what may be the first time ever. the 34-year-old reality tv star was captured dining in a non-kosher restaurant in the holy land alongside her husband , rapper kanye west , 37 , and jerusalem 's mayor , nir barkat , on monday. following the outing , mr barkat posted a photo of him and the famous couple on his twitter page , writing that he had joined kanye and kim ` to toast and celebrate hosting them in our beautiful city. ' however , the next day , only kanye and mr barkat were pictured in the photo , reprinted in an article on the ultra-orthodox news site , hakikar.
curiosity nearly got the better of this cat ! carol bennett-chevereau from quebec , canada , filmed her pet moggy getting up to mischievous as he investigated a row of empty suitcases. but footage shows his adventuring took a turn for the worse with him plunging headfirst into one bag and struggling to get free. he is seen desperately pedaling his back legs through the air with the rest of his body trapped. after a brief pause , he puts more gusto into his escape causing the bag to come crashing down. he looks a little dazed and confused as he regains balance.
but one dog was caught lapping up all the fun at a public play area in brooklyn , new york , over the weekend. lihi yona filmed the black pup enthusiastically jumping around in time to the squirts of water. each time the water sprays , the canine flies through the air. his bemused owner can be seen standing at the sidelines holding on to the pup 's leash. other bystanders are heard laughing in the background as they watch the animal in action. after almost a minute the dog shows no sign of slowing down and he continues to bounce around.
the new marvels movie , the avengers : age of ultron , is sure to wow the crowds at the cinema but the exclusive clothing line produced by a little-known brisbane is already lining the owner 's pockets. wade lange and his team living dead clothing , have been over-run by orders and enquiries since launching their new line this week - so massive has the interest been , that the company 's website has crashed due to the demand from around the world. with a range of almost 50 garments dedicated to the movie , ranging in price from $ 45 to $ 100 , estimates from industry insiders suggest the coup by the queensland clothes-horse last year to win the lucrative marvels contract , will be worth tens of millions of dollars to the one-time backyard operation.
a georgia man who went missing in early january and was discovered dead in a lake a month later suffered a gunshot wound and drowned , it has been revealed. kelly nash , 25 , was last seen alive in the early hours of january 5 when he woke up coughing and sneezing , and told his girlfriend , jessica sexton , he was not feeling well. sad end : kelly nash -lrb- left -rrb- , 25 , went missing from his georgia home january 5. following an exhaustive search , he was found drowned in a lake a month later.
a company has released matches that continue to burn even when submerged in water or buried underground in dirt. the uco stormproof matches are made using an incredibly tough coating that smoulders no matter what happens to them and will start burning again once they come into contact with oxygen. scroll down for video. indestructable : the uco stormproof matches -lrb- pictured -rrb- are made using an incredibly tough coating that smoulders no matter what happens to it and will start burning again once it comes into contact with oxygen. eric moe , the product specialist at industrial revolution which owns utility , comfort and originality -lrb- uco -rrb- , explained the process.
stranded residents of last week 's devastating floods , who were unable to cross the water to attend an anzac day memorial service , were thrilled after a cornet player treated them to a rendition of the last post from the water 's edge. maitland local karen newton , a teacher and former professional musician , had just finished playing at the kurri kurri dawn service and was on her way to gillieston heights to deliver food to the victims of the floods. scroll down for video. maitland local karen newton -lrb- pictured -rrb- performed an impromptu rendition of the last post to stranded residents of gillieston heights.
floyd mayweather jnr recalls the reaction of his friends on the day he set himself up as an independent boxing business and told them : ` the time will come when i make a hundred million dollars in one night. ' that was when he broke away from bob arum , who is the promoter of the other combatant in the richest fight of all time. manny pacquiao will also earn more than $ 100million in las vegas on may 2. but mayweather takes special pride in being his own boss as they break the boxing bank. floyd mayweather hits the pads with his uncle roger during a media workout at his las vegas gym.
david cameron -lrb- pictured -rrb- said he knows that when it comes to immigration , ` fears and worries ' remain. let me reassure you , i know that when it comes to immigration , fears and worries remain. they were set out on the front page of this newspaper yesterday. i am not one of those politicians who says they ` get ' how people feel about immigration then speaks differently in private. fake colleges , bogus visas , wide open loopholes , the wrong welfare incentives , sham marriages , an abject failure to deport foreign criminals , migrants bringing family members to britain even if they could n't speak a word of english -- a litany of failure.
when it comes to getting a stunning view of new york , most people would be content with taking a trip to the top of the empire state building. many of the 18-year-old 's vertigo-inducing images , which include some shot 72 storeys above street level , show his feet dangling hundreds of feet above the city streets below in his trademark turquoise trainers. scroll down for video. dizzying : these images were all captured by a new york teenager who goes by the name of dark.cyanide and scales some of the city 's tallest buildings in search of the perfect view.
taubman , a real estate developer who helped change the face of suburban life by popularizing upscale indoor shopping malls , died friday at the age of 91. the announcement was made by his son , robert taubman , the chairman , president and chief executive officer of taubman centers inc. , the company his father founded 65 years ago. a. alfred taubman -- his first name was adolph -- was born january 31 , 1924 , in michigan to german jewish immigrants who hit hard times during the great depression. `` i started working when i was 9 , '' he told an interviewer in 2007.
the lunar event - where earth 's shadow completely blocks the moon - lasted only five minutes , making it the shortest eclipse of the century , nasa said. the so-called ` blood moon ' could be seen by billions of people across the western u.s. , canada and australia. scroll down for video. blood moon : skygazers in the western u.s. , canada , australia and new zealand were treated to a total eclipse of the moon before dawn on saturday -lrb- pictured over new zealand -rrb-. the eclipse is the third in a series of four blood moons , with the final one expected on september 28.
nicole kidman , naomi watts , geoffrey rush and joel edgerton have all made significant contributions to australia through film and television that will no doubt last a lifetime. but recently uncovered documents from ancestry.com reveal their ancestors have also had a lasting impact on the country through their service and involvement in world war one. as australia prepares to commemorate the anzac centenary on saturday , the service records belonging to two of edgerton 's great grand-uncles show they were on the battlefield in gallipoli 100 years ago. scroll down for video. edgerton 's great grand-uncles , simon phillip comerford and laurence william comerford , both served in the same unit as transport drivers of the 18th battalion in the 5th brigade in gallipoli in 1915.
christine carriage , 67 , -lrb- pictured -rrb- was handed a six-month suspended sentence at norwich crown court. a grandmother hoarded 1,300 items of stolen clothing in her tiny bungalow -- which police said was like a ` warehouse '. officers raiding christine carriage 's one-bedroom home found that 340 of the stolen items still had price tags on. a total of 1,337 items of clothing , shoes and handbags -- valued at # 5,620 -- were seized by police from the home in bowthorpe , norwich , on november 4 , 2013. william carter , prosecuting , said police found an 8ft-long clothes rail bending under the huge weight of the clothing in one room.
the hit us tv series house of cards features francis underwood , played by kevin spacey , and his wife claire , played by robin wright. lunch is never just lunch when you 're dining in the shadow of capitol hill. i 'd come to washington to learn some tricks from house of cards -- the hit us political tv series starring kevin spacey as francis underwood -- on how best to neutralise your opponents. america 's capital is filled with underwood wannabes : senators and governors with razor tongues and egos to match. the capital grille is a favoured venue for political plots.
it 's truly squeaky bum time in the premier league relegation battle as just nine points separates the bottom seven teams. question : ` what will it take for your club to stay in the premier league ? ' chris ramsey -lrb- qpr -rrb-. ` if we win three games i think we will stay up. it might take less. ' qpr manager chris ramsey -lrb- centre -rrb- feels they will avoid relegation if they win three more league games. tim sherwood -lrb- aston villa -rrb-. they have managed to score a few more goals and have real belief they can go to places and win.
the 62-year-old had all of his personal identification stolen - so struggled to apply for a place at a homeless shelter. but when a cop and his case manger looked into his past , they found a previously lost bank account with money and enough social security benefits to buy his own house. scroll down for video. john helinski , 62 , spent three years living in a cardboard box on the streets of tampa bay. he then tried to apply for a place at a homeless shelter , but struggled because all of his personal identification had been stolen. a cop and a case manager then looked into his past , and were able to retrieve his social security number and his driver 's licence.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- do you remember the talk about plans for iraqi-led force to try to take back mosul this spring ? well , you might want to forget it. nearly three months after a u.s. official said up to 25,000 iraqis troops were expected to return to the key northern iraqi city in april or may , a senior official in president barack obama 's administration said thursday that washington is `` not putting a timeframe on '' a possible invasion. mosul has long been the big prize in the iraqi government 's fight -- aided by a u.s.-led military coalition , which has carried out airstrikes for months -- to defeat isis.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- hillary clinton finally answered the question we 've all been asking for years : will she run for president in 2016 ? with official news of her candidacy just hours old , one thing is already crystal clear : for the next year and a half , clinton will be the barometer by which we assess gender equality in the united states. a win would mean a woman in the white house , which is a vital step in the march toward women 's full political inclusion. granted , 80 % of elected officials throughout the country will still be men.
this is the heartwarming moment a military father springs an elaborate homecoming surprise on his eight-year-old son by photobombing his class picture. then , as the photographer shows the third-grader the finished photo he took , he spots his father pulling a goofy jazz hands pose in the background and turns around to see him standing there. ` daddy ! ' joshua exclaims , as he runs towards his father and gives him a big hug. scroll down for video. caught on camera : this is the emotional moment a military father springs an elaborate homecoming surprise on his eight-year-old son by photobombing his school picture.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- it 's the kind of thing you see in movies , like robert redford 's role in `` all is lost '' or ang lee 's `` life of pi. '' but , in real life , it 's hard to swallow the idea of a single person being stranded at sea for days , weeks , if not months and somehow living to talk about it. miracles do happen , though , and not just in hollywood. much rarer are cases in which individuals become lost at sea long enough that they run out of whatever food and drinking water they 'd brought aboard , if any.
a host of the nation 's favourite stars have been announced to perform at a concert to mark the 70th anniversary of ve day. status quo , katherine jenkins and west end star elaine paige will perform at the event. it is set to be one of the highlights of a three-day commemoration of the end of the second world war , running from friday , may 8 to sunday , may 10. concert : status quo will perform at the event marking the 70th anniversary of ve day. other stars include boy band blue , r&b singer jamelia , pop star pixie lott , jazz vocalist gregory porter and tenor alfie boe.
her little boy defied the odds - as well as doctors ' warnings - that he had no chance of survival. benjamin was born 12 weeks early , weighing 1lb 3oz , little more than a bag of sugar. he suffered five cardiac arrests and was born with a bowel problem requiring two emergency operations. benjamin astbury , who doctors said would not survive after he was born , has defied the odds and is about to celebrate his first birthday. when he was born 12 weeks early , benjamin weighed just 1lb 30z , little more than a bag of sugar.
he 's protected russell crowe , naomi campbell and aerosmith rocker steve tyler , and now cengiz guven is protecting australian travellers at gallipoli. mr guven is the supervisor of site security at lone pine , the hilltop battlefield cemetery that will host the second australian dawn service on anzac day. and while there have been questions about security at gallipoli following recent terror arrests in australia and ongoing instability in syria , mr guven is quietly confident. ` the army is here , we are here. cengiz güven -lrb- left -rrb- with actor russell crowe in istanbul during the premiere of crowe 's film the water divider.
finding a place where you can experience some all-important family time , outdoor fun and a helping of luxury at the same time might sound like a tall order ... but if you 're partial to a weekend under canvas , family-oriented festival elderflower fields might be one of the best tickets you can buy this year. elderflower fields festival will be held in the idyllic setting of pippingford park for the second year running. the independent festival was created in 2012 by a small team of friends to provide the perfect environment for kids and grown-ups to fully escape for a weekend.
a pre-med student in new york city is taking microscopic images of diseases and other biological structures and turning them into prints for her innovative new athletic apparel and accessories line. lizzie cochran , a student at columbia university , has launched a kickstarter campaign to fund her upcoming fashion line epidemia designs , which she came up with after spending days upon days staring at cells through microscopes in her biology classes , and then spotting an article on epidemics that displayed images of deadly diseases from recent history. ` it was one of the most devastating epidemics in the history of the world , but there on the page , colored with dyes , it just looked incredible , interesting and vibrant.
it appears coca cola fans are quite an ocd bunch. but since march the soft drink company has been putting scarlet tops on diet coke as well - causing consternation for fans of the zero calorie , zero sugar version. scroll down for video. diet coke bottles like this one now have red lids just like regular coke - causing a headache for some fans. coke has switched all the lids on its 500ml bottles to red to ` help make our consumers aware of the full choice available to them within the coca-cola range ' fans have taken to twitter to express their discontent at the changes , which have left many a bit confused.
lindsay lohan has been living in london for the past year and says she likes it so much , she does n't see herself returning to the states any time soon. the 28-year-old flame-haired beauty recently spent a stint on the stage , starring in a west end production of david mamet 's speed the plow - for which she received lukewarm reviews - and seems intent on remaining in the uk for the foreseeable future. ` i go back to nyc and la for family and work. ' scroll down for video. staying put : lindsay lohan says she feels ` at home ' in london and has no plans to return to the states just yet.
one hundred years on , these war widows are visiting the battlefields in gallipoli - many of them for the first time. the war widows - who were much younger than their returned servicemen husbands - will be the guests of honour at the gallipoli dawn service on saturday. among them is jean pockett , who experienced a little heart scare as she arrived in turkey on thursday. as she landed , she did n't feel so well and had to see the doctor. scroll down for video. jean pockett , the widow of private arthur herbert pockett , is one of 10 war widows brought to gallipoli by the department of veteran 's affairs for anzac day this saturday on the gallipoli peninsular.
a period of striving came to an end for liverpool and brendan rodgers at the emirates on saturday. the manager 's 15-minute press conference , where he conceded that his team 's chances of qualifying for the champions league were over , was a requiem for lost opportunities. rodgers did his best to stay upbeat. the liverpool manager does not do disconsolate. after their heroic tilt at the title last year , liverpool have slipped out of contention. it still feels as if liverpool are moving forward under rodgers. but there is no disguising the fact that this is an uncomfortable , uncertain time for the manager and his players.
sportsmail 's derek lawrenson gives his predictions ahead of the 79th masters at augusta on thursday. so many to choose from but given augusta 's predilection for a tale of redemption -- from vijay ` kiss my ass ' singh to adam ` this one 's for you , greg ' scott -- let 's go for the reformed party animal dustin johnson. time for him to prove he can match his gargantuan yardage off the tee with the requisite amount of brain cells. dustin johnson watches his tee shot during a practice round on the augusta course on wednesday. indeed , given henrik stenson spent a week in bed with flu recently and reckons his strength is still low , we 're almost empty-handed.
sanaa , yemen -lrb- cnn -rrb- as soon as the buses parked , the people scrambled onto the airport tarmac. only carry-on luggage was allowed on this air india plane. the passengers were mostly indian nationals , plus yemenis and people from other countries who had been working in yemen 's capital , sanaa. the stress of living in a war zone showed on the passengers ' faces. they climbed the steps to the airliner and were greeted by the air india crew , all wearing pressed uniforms , the flight attendants fully made up. after takeoff , the flight attendants went up and down the aisle offering drinks to the 188 evacuees as if they were on a vacation flight.
i was series adviser and one of many on-camera experts on cnn 's `` finding jesus. '' i also appeared in each episode of the program. below are some of the most interesting , and my answers to them. anarie kennedy : the copy we have of the gospel of mary magdalene comes from the second century , but is it possible that the gospel itself could be older -lrb- like first century -rrb- ? goodacre : actually , the copy we saw in the show dates from the fifth century. although it 's our most complete manuscript , it is missing several pages.
amanda knox may have finally cleared her name , but eight years of legal battles have left the seattle native penniless , exhausted and traumatized from stress , claims her biographer. ` in prison , she was threatened with rape from a male guard , it was a really terrible experience , ' says trial by jury author , douglas preston. ' scroll down for video. strain and relief : amanda knox spoke outside her parents ' home on march 27 flanked by her fiancé colin sutherland after she was exonerated for the murder of meredith kercher in november 2007. three weeks after an italian court overturned her conviction for the 2007 murder of british student , meredith kercher , preston told radaronline that knox is living out a bittersweet victory.
and now even the sculptor of the i love lucy statue in celoron , new york , has called it ` by far my most unsettling sculpture ' and six years after it was unveiled has pledged to make a new one for free. but the statue of lucille ball - which was so offensive a facebook page called we love lucy ! get rid of this statue was launched - is n't the only offensive artwork that has missed the mark. scroll down for video. residents of celoron , new york , were understandably disturbed when this statue of lucille ball was unveiled in 2009 sparking a facebook campaign to get it removed , which attracted 600 likes.
a beanie believed to have belonged to luke shambrook has been found on the fourth day of the search for the missing 11-year-old. victoria police have confirmed it was located on monday afternoon , west of the devil 's cove and candlebark campsite in lake eildon national park - north-east of melbourne. scroll down for video. luke shambrook was last seen on the national park at 9.30 am on good friday. it is understood he wandered off and has not been seen since. police remain hopeful they will find the boy who went missing from the campsite on friday. an increased number of police and other emergency crews continue to scour the thick bushland areas around lake eildon.
frail and tired of leading a secret life for four decades , 66-year-old clarence david moore called police this week to surrender. the deputy who answered thought it was a prank. moore escaped from police custody three times during the 1970s and eventually settled into a quiet life , living in kentucky since at least 2009. his health is poor from a stroke late last year and he has difficulty speaking. when franklin county sheriff pat melton showed up at moore 's house to make the ` arrest , ' moore was in a hospital bed. he broke down in tears.
by john frost. stopped by customs officers , oscar wilde notoriously said he had nothing to declare but his genius. other passengers , as jon frost hilariously recounts , try to sneak through the red and green channels considerably more heavily laden. john frost says he ` would n't trust a nun with a crutch ' -lrb- stock image -rrb-. during his long career as a customs specialist at london airports , frost has had ` to politely listen to people lying through their teeth at you ' as they attempt to smuggle in snakes , bush meat -lrb- zebra , lion , gorilla -rrb- , combs that double as flick-knives , a monkey sewn into the lining of a coat , another monkey ` disguised as a hairy child ' , corpses ` propped up in a wheelchair wearing wonky sunglasses ' and a box of dry ice containing a man 's buttock , apparently sliced off by a samurai sword.
selfie sticks and extreme sports are not designed to go together , as a snowboarder in japan proved. recording himself from behind , the man begins his descent of the mountain and a skier can be seen just in front of him. weaving down the slope , the snowboarder initially appears to make a success of the video and he even causes the snow to spray in the air while turning. picking up the speed , the man heads in the direction of the chairlifts before moving away again -- adjusting his selfie stick to capture himself from the front in the process.
rafa nadal got his clay court season off to a perfect , confidence-boosting start with a 6-2 , 6-1 win over frenchman lucas pouille in the monte carlo masters. he did n't unleash the full power of his forehand but played sensible , measured tennis and made only five unforced errors in the match. his talented 21-year-old opponent showed flashes of attacking flair , including one outrageous half-volley forehand winner , but was never able to put enough balls in court to trouble the great spaniard. rafael nadal safely made his way into third round of the monte carlo masters with win against lucas pouille.
animal-lovers look away now ! this is the moment a skateboarder bombs down a road at 40mph and collides with a deer head-on as it unexpectedly leaps out. footage shows 27-year-old jared henry of arkansas being knocked off his longboard to the ground while the doe spins on its stomach into a ditch. after coming to a standstill , henry rolls over on the tarmac and opens his mouth in apparent pain. the deer apparently broke its pelvis and died while henry recovered from the incident unscathed. recalling the chain of events he later wrote on facebook : ` stoked to be alive is all i can say and i was n't injured at all.
a recent survey has revealed that more than half of uk children do n't have any veg , and 44 per cent have no fruit on a daily basis. with childhood obesity on the rise in the uk , these new figures are incredibly alarming. for more than two decades , i 've been in the business of helping children get their daily fill of fruit and veg. it 's easy to become locked in a battle of wills when it comes to dishing up healthy , nutritious food. it 's so easy to feel frustrated and powerless when your child simply refuses to eat certain foods.
in a joint interview with his high flying lawyer wife miriam gonzalez durantez , nick clegg revealed the balance of power lies where many long suspected : with her. after the last election , mr clegg was given the option of moving his family into a grace-and-favour government mansion - but the move was vetoed by his wife. after controversies over david cameron 's large country kitchen and ed miliband 's small second kitchen , the couple invited the cameras into the kitchen of their # 1.5 million family home in putney , south west london for itv 's tonight programme.
in the search for meaning and importance , the fa cup might have found its saviour. enter liverpool and brendan rodgers , a club and manager not just popping into the party to say a polite hello and a quick goodbye. tonight , against blackburn at ewood park , rodgers faces one of those defining moments in a season that has not lacked them. he loaded for duck on a bear hunt in the champions league against real madrid and lost. he wanted to save his best resources for chelsea and lost that game , too. kolo toure found the net in liverpool 's fa cup clash with blackburn but his effort was ruled out.
a little boy has undergone more than 50 operations to have his entire face painstakingly rebuilt. billy mitchell , now seven , was born with apert syndrome , a rare condition which left him with malformations of the skull , face , hands and feet. billy mitchell , seven , was born with apert syndrome , a rare genetic condition which causes malformations. the surgeries carried risks including meningitis , brain damage , catastrophic bleeding leading to stroke and potentially death , but billy pulled through and now his parents say he absolutely loves his new face. billy 's mother , denise mitchell , 47 , said she knew immediately something was wrong with her son when he was born.
on kabul 's streets , you can easily find the uneasy legacy of america 's longest war. outside one mosque -- mixing with other men desperate for a day 's worth of casual manual labor -- are five men who months ago had one valuable skill nato depended upon : they speak english. they were , each for a different reason -- each for a reason they do not understand -- all fired from their jobs and then blacklisted , they say , meaning they can no longer get work with other government groups or ngos here. they sleep in market stalls , and avoid traveling to see their families in case the threats they face are visited upon them.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- with help from some filmmakers , 102-year-old alice barker went back in time. barker was a dancer in such new york nightspots as the cotton club and the cafe zanzibar in the 1930s and 1940s , part of chorus lines that entertained alongside notables including bill `` bojangles '' robinson and frank sinatra. com and some volunteers put together a video of `` soundies '' -- early music videos -- and showed them to barker at the nursing home where she lives. the ageless dancer was delighted.
this is the terrifying moment a gigantic tornado sweeps past a hapless motorist in illinois , who films it from his truck. the driver , sam smith , begins filming with the tornado just a few hundred yards in front of him. this is the terrifying moment a gigantic tornado swept past a hapless motorist in illinois , who filmed it from his truck. the driver , sam smith , begins filming with the tornado just a few hundred yards in front of him. harrowing : it then passes right in front of his truck - while mr smith spoke to his son on the phone.
the sister of a bride-to-be who has been missing for three days says the 26-year-old is ` so in love ' with her fiance and could not possibly have cold feet. stephanie scott , an english and drama teacher , was last seen at her workplace leeton high school in leeton , 550km west of sydney , at 11am on easter sunday. at 12.59 pm on sunday afternoon she sent an email from the school to a bus company arranging transport for guests for her upcoming wedding this saturday. ms scott 's parents plan to hire a helicopter to join the desperate search for their daughter , as they fear her disappearance has something to do with ` her car or foul play '.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- the boy who asked a church to help him find a forever parent finally has one. desperate for a home in 2013 , davion navar henry only dressed up in a suit and borrowed a bible from the boys home where he lived. then he headed to a st. petersburg , florida , church to make a plea for his own adoption. now 16 years old , he had lived his entire life in foster care , bouncing from one home to another. but the tampa bay times documented his journey , and a video of his plea went viral.
sunderland will not suspend adam johnson after he was charged with grooming and three counts of sexual activity with a 15-year-old girl. the club 's hierarchy have decided that the 27-year-old should be allowed to continue playing for the black cats until the outcome of his case has been decided. a club statement on friday morning read : ` following yesterday 's statement from durham constabulary , the club recognises that the formal legal process must take its course and whilst our position remains unchanged , we will keep the matter under review. ' adam johnson leaves peterlee police station on thursday after being charged.
denim designer bettina liano has revealed that she can not afford to pay the australian taxation office the almost $ 130,000 she owes in taxes. ` they 're chasing me because i ca n't afford to pay them , the embattled jeans queen told daily mail australia. ' financial woes : denim queen bettina liano is reportedly being pursued for almost $ 130,000 by the australian tax office. ms liano is being pursued for $ 126,594 in taxes withheld between march and december 2012 , the daily telegraph reported on friday. the designer told dma that she was unaware of court proceedings , and only became aware of it when contacted by the media yesterday.
but one russian youtuber captured the terrifying moment a stream of soil flowed down a bank next to a main road , crushing trees in its powerful path and leaving toppled power lines in its wake. the eerie phenomenon is called an ` earthflow ' and is a rare type of landslide. a russian youtuber has captured the terrifying moment a stream of soil flowed down a bank next to a main road -lrb- pictured -rrb- , crushing trees in its powerful path and leaving toppled power lines in its wake. alexander giniyatullin kept a remarkably steady hand filming the scary scene in the kemerovo region of russia , which is thought to have happened at around 1pm on april 1 , according to a blog post on the american geophysical union 's website.
a 27-year-old woman fell 500 feet to her death while hiking an off-limits trail famed for its breath-taking vistas in oahu , hawaii , friday. firefighters received a distress call at around 12.45 pm friday. about 40 minutes later , first responders discovered feliciano unresponsive about 500 feet below a hole in the trail known locally as the puka - a popular spot among photographers. scroll down for video. nature lover : darlene feliciano , 27 , passed away from her injuries friday after she plummeted from a hiking trail in oahu , hawaii. in her spare time , she enjoyed going on hikes in hawaii 's great outdoors.
donald trelford -lrb- left -rrb- had his son ben -lrb- back right -rrb- when he was 73 and his daughter poppy -lrb- held by donald -rrb- when he was 76-years-old. since then claire , 52 , and i have had a second child , poppy , while it has just been announced that 74-year-old peter and bella are expecting a sibling for their 20-month-old daughter. much effort is required to stop ben thinking he is being excluded when he sleeps on his own. the plane had just taken off and was still climbing -lrb- with the lavatory off-limits -rrb- when i detected a terrible smell.
the family of a 24-year-old woman who died of a heroin overdose has penned a candid obituary openly discussing her struggle with drugs in a bid to prevent others from losing their lives. on april 16 , molly parks was found in the bathroom of the pizza restaurant where she worked in manchester , new hampshire with a needle still in her arm. days later , he wrote an obituary announcing her death. ` she fought her addiction to heroin for at least five years and had experienced a near fatal overdose before. loss : molly parks , 24 , passed away on april 16 after she overdosed on heroin in the bathroom of the restaurant where she worked.
a gold trinket box presented to an officer famous for losing his leg at the battle of waterloo has sold for more than # 100,000. the 18-carat gold rectangular piece was a gift to lord uxbridge , whose stoic exchange with the duke of wellington after losing his leg to a cannonball has become etched in history. his leg was buried near the battlefield but later dug up and used as a macabre tourist attraction. the gold irish freedom box was given to the aristocrat , who was by then marquess of anglesey , in 1828 by trinity college dublin when he served as lord lieutenant of ireland.
england cricket star moeen ali has been named as an honorary ambassador for liverpool 's fan club in pakistan. the lifelong liverpool fan , 27 , who has been called up for england 's final two tests in the west indies , made the announcement on friday. ' moeen ali has been named as an ambassador for liverpool 's official fan club in pakistan. ali pictured with liverpool star raheem sterling at anfield in a picture posted on his twitter account. ali , a lifelong liverpool fan , was in attendance for the lfc all-stars match at anfield last month. ali posted pictures with liverpool players raheem sterling and emre can on his twitter account.
he has made 700 professional club appearances and won 81 caps for england , six premier league titles , the fa cup and the champions league. in his pomp , he was the stuff of strikers ' nightmares , driving some of the world 's greatest goalscorers to distraction with lightning-sharp reactions and an instinctive reading of the game. that 's why it 's such a shame that what is likely to be rio ferdinand 's farewell year in the english game has fizzled out. rio ferdinand pictured in training at queens park rangers last week. the 36-year-old defender started regularly in the first part of the season but has been unable to hold down his spot in the side.
tokyo -lrb- cnn -rrb- on the 29th floor of roppongi hills , an upscale tokyo high-rise full of offices , restaurants and residences , two actors in kimonos sit on a tatami mat and glare at each other as artificial smoke billows around them. it 's been a long day of filming `` the crawler in the dark , '' a new sci-fi horror movie set in japan 's meiji era. the file sharing website is celebrating 10 years since the first 19-second video `` me at the zoo , '' was uploaded on april 23 , 2005 by one of the site 's founders.
cup defeats to inverness are rarely a tranquil affair. on a fateful night in glasgow 15 years ago the highlanders inflicted the first of their damaging , deeply defeats on scotland 's champions. david raven -lrb- second right -rrb- celebrates with his inverness team-mates following his extra-time winner. the celebrations continue on the pitch as inverness rejoice in reaching the william hill scottish cup final. they will be back here in greater number for this club 's first ever scottish cup final against falkirk -- a former club of manager john hughes - on may 30 where they will be favourites to triumph.
an alberta student who 'd accidentally left his headlights on all day was greeted by what may have been the world 's friendliest note from a stranger when he returned to his car. but derek murray , a university of alberta law student , found more than just the note that cold november day in edmonton -- he also found an extension cord and battery charger left by the stranger to bring his dead acura back to life. ' good samaritan : a friendly stranger left this unbelievably friendly letter to alberta law student derek murray in order to help him get his car started after he left the headlights on all day.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- it sounds like the plot for a science fiction movie. someone has a horrific accident and winds up in the hospital , brain dead and on life support. doctors approach the family about organ donation , but instead of saving as many as eight lives , the family is asked to donate the whole body to save just one individual. canavero says he has part of the funding secured , although he says he ca n't yet disclose where the money is coming from as a condition of the funding. the 30-year-old russian man suffers from a rare genetic disorder called werdnig-hoffman disease.
these three mormons , all from utah , have realized that they are transgender - a designation not officially recognized by the church of latter day saints. indeed , church doctrine states that anybody who takes their transgender identity to the extent of gender reassignment surgery can not be baptized - and could face discipline from church elders if they are already a member of the religion. however , in the case of annabel jensen , grayson moore and sara jade woodhouse , they have found a way to exist within the mormon universe - often with the help of local mormon leaders.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- as the model for norman rockwell 's `` rosie the riveter , '' mary doyle keefe became the symbol of american women working on the home front during world war ii. the 92-year-old died this week at her home in simsbury , connecticut. as a 19-year-old telephone operator , keefe posed for the famous painting that would become the cover of the saturday evening post on may 29 , 1943. although she was petite , keefe was transformed into the iconic -- and burly -- embodiment of the character by rockwell. keefe pocketed $ 10 for the two mornings of modeling work she did in arlington , vermont.
former secretary of state hillary rodham clinton got her budding presidential campaign 's first targeted question about the deadly 2012 benghazi terror attacks on tuesday night , and her answer was the sound of one hand clapping. daily mail online was on the flight. ` mrs. clinton , when are you going to start talking to the press about benghazi ? ' daily mail online asked her in the washington reagan national airport terminal. scroll down for video. no comment : hillary stared ahead and walked wordlessly tuesday , refusing to acknowledge her first campaign-trail question about the deadly benghazi terror attacks in 2012.
israeli prime minister benjamin netanyahu has slammed the iran nuclear deal , claiming it threatens the jewish state and puts his people in mortal danger. after speaking to president barack obama on the phone , he said in a televised statement just hours after the agreement was signed on thursday : ' a deal based on this framework would threaten the survival of israel. he added : ` such a deal would not block iran 's path to the bomb. ' scroll down for video. israeli prime minister benjamin netanyahu slammed the iran nuclear deal , claiming it threatens the jewish state and puts his people in mortal danger.
the title race may be over in the minds of some , but joe hart is irrepressibly optimistic. of course , he is paid to believe but there is some logic to his positivity when you consider how manchester city won the league in 2012 and 2014 with late dramatic runs. we 've not necessarily reached the standard week-in , week-out that we wanted to , but the beauty of football is that you get another chance and that starts on monday at crystal palace. ` we 've got some massive games ; eight big games to reach a level that we need to reach.
a new york man who became known as the ` cannibal cop ' wants to give the public a taste of what 's really going on inside his mind. in the hbo documentary thought crimes which premiered on thursday at tribeca film festival , valle talks about his 2012 arrest and the claims that allegedly plotted to kidnap , torture , and eat his wife and other women online. scroll down for video. thought crimes : in the hbo documentary thought crimes ` cannibal cop ' gilberto valle talks about his 2012 arrest and the claims that allegedly plotted to kidnap , torture , and eat women online.
four koalas travelling to singapore have been given a quick taste of qantas ' business class services and it was equipped with fresh eucalyptus leaves. paddle , pellita , chan and idalia have been sent from australia as a gift to mark singapore 's 50th anniversary of independence. the furry friends were photographed chomping on some leaves and being served some refreshments before departing on their big journey on monday. qantas have released photos of koalas in business class being served refreshments and eucalyptus leaves. the four koalas are being gifted to singapore to mark their 50th anniversary of independence. while not actually travelling among the elite , the animals are still being treated as premium passengers in specially built containers fit with a eucalyptus tree and climate control.
lausanne , switzerland -lrb- cnn -rrb- a roller-coaster series of talks wrapped up thursday in lausanne as a group of world powers known as the p5 +1 reached a framework agreement with iran over the country 's nuclear program. in fact , the negotiations this week provided a modern demonstration of diplomacy at its best , but also at its most hectic. tucked amid the swiss alps on the shores of lake geneva , lausanne is certainly one of the more scenic places to be trapped for talks -- a sort of camp david for the rich and famous. over the course of the eight-day round of talks , negotiators , their delegations , their security details and reporters were confined primarily to the immediate area around the five-star beau-rivage palace hotel , which played host to the negotiations.
taylor swift and rumored boyfriend calvin harris spotted together after watching the band haim perform at troubadour club in west hollywood. were a record company to write a job description for the next big thing in popular music , certain attributes would surely be high on the list. no mean feat for an introspective and , by his own admission , curmudgeonly son of a biochemist from the scottish borders who less than a decade ago was stacking supermarket shelves to make ends meet. to put it into perspective , his # 70 million nest egg eclipses the fortunes of household names such as kylie minogue and sir cliff richard.
a war hero pilot who survived almost 70 skirmishes with the luftwaffe has died after being knocked down by a hit-and-run driver near his home. doug gregory , 92 , had popped out for his daily newspaper when he was struck by a car outside a petrol station. the ex-spitfire pilot suffered a serious head injury and was flown to hospital by air ambulance , but died two weeks later. 92 , only retired from his job as a stunt pilot two years ago. he was awarded the distinguished flying cross after surviving almost 70 missions over nazi-occupied europe. fighter pilot : the 92-year-old had survived 70 missions against the luftwaffe during the second world war.
a german man who had his penis enlarged with silicone injections claims it now weighs half a stone. micha stunz , has a 9 inch-long , 3.5 inch penis that now weighs between 7.5 -- 9.5 lbs , between 3 and 4.3 kg , he says. mr stunz , 45 , who lives in berlin , said he had his penis permanently enlarged in this way , not because it makes him feel more beautiful , but because it makes him feel ` better '. micha stunz , 45 , has permanently enlarged his penis with silicone injections. it is now 9 inches long and weighs up to 9.5 lbs -lrb- 4.3 kg -rrb- , he claims.
ben affleck today finally admitted the name of the slave ancestor he had censored from his past. the oscar-winning actor posted on social media that a ` benjamin cole ' of georgia , an ancestor on his mother 's side , was the relative dropped from the pbs show about his family history. the admission came the day after he apologized for lobbying for the removal of the truth about his family past from finding your roots. his name was benjamin cole - lived in georgia on my mom 's side about six generations back. ' scroll down for video. ben affleck has apologized after he demanded information about a slave-owning relative be withheld from a pbs show about his ancestry.
a family pooch received an interesting make-over when it came back from the groomers looking less like a domesticated pet and more like a wild cat. the dog named stains had its coat trimmed to resemble a lion when its owners sent it to the groomers. according to the dog 's owner , stains is a sheep-herding breed and his thick coat , which is best suited for colder climates , had become uncomfortable in the recent sunshine. the dog 's owner looks down and laughs while filming his pet stains , but initially it is hard to see why. capturing his artistic vision on camera , stains ' owner laughs hysterically while videoing his pet sitting alongside two other dogs at home.
president barack obama took a break from being the real president on april fools ' day to impersonate a fictional one , house of cards ' conniving frank underwood. this is not frank underwood , ' the president said after turning his head underwood , who is played by oscar-winning actor kevin spacey and frequently speaks shakespearean-style monologues to the audience. happy april fools ' day. scroll down for video. president barack obama impersonated house of cards 's fictional president frank underwood by dipping into a southern drawl. obama attempted to copy the deep voice and south carolina accent of the fictional commander-in-chief , who is known for scheming his way into the nation 's highest office through deceit and violence.
the new zealand family of fourteen who last month walked out of a remote christian commune that shuns the outside world are adjusting well to life in the wider community , a relative said , with the father accepting a farm job and the family moving into a home with modern appliances. founded by the australian-born evangelical preacher neville cooper - now known by the name hopeful christian - gloriavale is home to around 500 residents , sometimes known as cooperites , who wear a plain , blue uniform and reject birth control. scroll down for video. many family are pictured here in traditional gloriavale uniforms , although they are now allowed to wear ` modest ' clothing.
it is the image which the tories hope will scare floating voters into their arms -- the prospect of nicola sturgeon forcing ed miliband to implement her radical policies. launching a new poster campaign showing ms sturgeon manipulating a puppet labour leader , conservative chairman grant shapps said : ` the only way that ed miliband might crawl through the gates of no10 now is if he 's carried there by the snp. ` nicola sturgeon would pull the strings and demand weaker defences , more spending and unaffordable welfare handouts. ' scroll down for video. new poster : it is the image which the tories hope will scare floating voters into their arms -- the prospect of nicola sturgeon forcing ed miliband to implement her radical policies.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- can a prayer for diamonds actually turn up a gem ? when you 're exploring the fields at crater of diamonds state park in murfreesboro , arkansas , the odds are higher than usual. soon after , clark , who is from evening shade , arkansas , saw a 3.69-carat white , teardrop-shaped diamond in the plowed field. inspired by her prayer , clark named it the hallelujah diamond. the diamond , which is the largest found at the park so far this year , is about the size of a pinto bean , says park interpreter waymon cox.
this is the transgender man who is poised to grace the cover of men 's health magazine. aydian ethan dowling has around 40,000 votes to win the publication 's annual ultimate guy search - 30,000 more than his closest competitor. he would follow iraq war veteran and amputee noah galloway , who clinched the top spot last year. scroll down for video. cover star ? aydian dowling is the transgender man widely touted to be on the cover of men 's health. miles ahead : though the public vote only counts for 10 per cent , aydian clearly has a huge backing.
sao paulo , brazil -lrb- cnn -rrb- brazilian supermodel gisele bundchen sashayed down the catwalk at sao paulo fashion week on wednesday night in an emotional farewell to the runway. bundchen announced over the weekend that she would be retiring from the catwalk , though not the fashion industry. the 34-year-old , who is married to new england patriots quarterback tom brady and has two children , has said she wants to spend more time with her family. bundchen wrote about her fashion career on her instagram account : `` i am grateful that at 14 , i was given the opportunity to start this journey.
a washington teen who strapped fake explosives around his body in a stunt to ask a date to the prom has been suspended from school. the five-day suspension for ibrahim ahmad will prevent him from attending la center high 's dance saturday. ahmad says he was trying to go all out with his prom proposal and questions whether the decision to suspend him was based on his ethnicity. the 18-year-old senior wore a vest filled with paper-tube props made to look like explosives. scroll down for video. ` the bomb ' : ibrahim ahmad , a senior at la center high in washington state will miss his prom because of a suspension he received for this bomb-themed promposal.
a family have claimed the body of an infant who was discovered deceased and buried on a sydney beach last year , in order to give her a proper funeral. on november 30 , 2014 , two young boys were playing on maroubra beach when they uncovered the body of a baby girl buried under 30 centimetres of sand. ` we 're local and my husband is a police officer and he 's worked with many of the officers investigating it , ' ms d'alessandro told daily mail australia. scroll down for video. a sydney family have claimed the body of a baby girl who was found buried on maroubra beach -lrb- pictured -rrb- on november 30 , 2014.
a tree dedicated to the memory of michael brown has been destroyed by vandals just hours after being planted. the sapling was planted in january-wabash park in ferguson , missouri on saturday as a dedication to the teenager , who was gunned down in the street by a police officer last august. it was called ' a symbol of peace , comfort and hope for all who gather around its branches ' at a small ceremony led by the black caucus of the american library association , which donated the tree. scroll down for video. before : the black caucus of the american library association donated the tree and memorial plaque and it was planted in january-wabash park in ferguson , missouri on saturday -lrb- pictured -rrb-.
fa cup semi-finalists reading still have lingering relegation worries in the championship after they threw away a 1-0 lead to draw 1-1 with cardiff at the madejski stadium. reading took the lead with only four minutes gone when pavel pogrebnyak got a touch to garath mccleary 's nod-down to divert the ball past cardiff goalkeeper david marshall. but they allowed a mediocre cardiff side to snatch a point in the 90th minute when conor mcaleny rifled in a shot from aron gunnarsson 's precise pass. cardiff 's conor mcaleny -lrb- left -rrb- celebrates after scoring a late equaliser against reading. goals : mcaleny 90 ' referee : scott duncan.
but ditching the idea that we should we should marry for life could help many of us have happier relationships , according to a marriage therapist. a fixed-term starter marriage , in which couples sign a renewable contract - known as a ` wedlease ' - would work better for many couples , argues susan pease gadoua. a relationship expert has suggested that a renewable marriage contract known as a ` wedlease ' would work better for many modern day couples and avoid increasing divorces. so , instead of promising 'til death do us part ' , couples in a starter marriage agree to be together for ` two , three , four or more years -- whatever works for you and your partner '.
like super-models , they follow a strict daily diet -- in their case , three carrots , an apple and a few cabbage leaves -- to keep in shape for their public appearances. one is even going to have a song written about his life. former playboy model annette edwards holds her world record continental giant rabbit darius aloft. five-year-old darius is 4ft long and weighs just under 3st -- the king of the continental giant breed. he is the size of an average eight-year-old child. slightly wary , i join him on the floor of his owner 's home in the worcestershire village of stoulton and find he is a thoroughly gentle soul.
dramatic dashcam footage has captured the moment a south carolina police officer dragged a woman away from the edge of a bridge after threatening to jump. deputy michael hubbard from the spartanburg county sheriff 's office is seen approaching the woman sitting on overpass on the i-26 on monday. ' dashcam footage shows a patrol car stopping in spartanburg , south carolina , after they spotted a woman sitting on the overpass. hubbard then puts his arms around her and then pulls her away from the drop. she struggles and tries to resist , but according to fox carolina the officer says : ` give me your hands , you 're not going out like this today.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- han and chewie are back. and we all taxed our brains trying to deduce the date of cheryl 's damn birthday. here are pop culture 's most talked-about stories of the week. producers of `` star wars : the force awakens '' unveiled a nearly two-minute trailer for the upcoming movie , arriving in december. when harrison ford shows up with chewbacca at the end , you can almost hear the internet 's collective squeals. a logic problem from a singapore math test somehow spread across the web , leaving millions trying to figure out the hypothetical birthday of someone named cheryl.
tehran , iran -lrb- cnn -rrb- there is a persian proverb that says : `` a good year is determined by its spring. '' for many iranians , the historic decision by tehran and six world powers -- the united states , britain , france , germany , russia and china -- to continue nuclear negotiations under a `` joint comprehensive plan of action '' is an indication that this year 's norouz , the persian new year that started on march 21 , will be a superb one indeed. it paves the way for a much broader deal by end of june that guarantees the peaceful nature of tehran 's nuclear activities in return for the lifting of sanctions and a return to the international community.
the sky newsreader has revealed how an easter holiday outing with her family saw ` blood and saliva flying ' between her boisterous sons in the backseat -- and ended with her six-year-old having a tooth knocked out. butter would n't melt ! samantha simmonds and husband phillip davies with their children , two , four and six. in a searingly honest account that plenty of exhausted parents will relate to , miss simmonds , 42 , described how she took some time off work to spend with her children -- but said the break turned into a string of tantrums and bickering.
letting the scottish nationalists dictate the direction of the uk government would be like getting king herod to ` run a baby farm ' , boris johnson warned today in an escalation of tory attacks on the snp. the tory london mayor warned against allowing nicola sturgeon 's snp to dominate the government of the uk , ` an entity that they are sworn to destroy '. tory london mayor boris johnson warned against allowing nicola sturgeon 's snp to dominate the government of the uk ` an entity that they are sworn to destroy ' ms sturgeon launched her snp manifesto today , boasting that she can ` lead the uk ' with polices on british foreign policy , benefits , energy bills and english university tuition fees.
it is perhaps the most iconic ship of all time , but the closest most people will get to the titanic is a visit to the museum in belfast , or a viewing of the leonardo dicaprio and kate winslet blockbuster. one company is offering the chance to dive 12,500 ft below the surface of the sea to explore the ship at the bottom of the atlantic. the tour takes in sights like the famous grand staircase , the ship 's huge anchors and the marconi room , from which the world 's very first sos was broadcast. the once-in-a-lifetime privilege is being offered by luxury concierge service , bluefish , and does not come cheap , setting you back a whopping # 41,000 -lrb- $ 60,000 -rrb-.
when it comes to yoghurt lids there are typically three types of people : the ` licker ' , the ` spooner ' who scrapes the remaining yoghurt back into the pot , and the ` waster ' who throws it away. called toyal lotus , the technology is inspired by the water-repellent nature of a lotus leaf and uses microscopic bumps to stop liquids from sticking. scroll down for video. the toyal lotus technology -lrb- right -rrb- stops yoghurt from sticking to lids of pots -lrb- left -rrb-. german maker toyo aluminium 's technology won silver place in the 2013 du pont awards for packaging innovation and the firm has teamed up with japan 's morinaga milk industry to bring it to consumers.
and any parent who has tried this will know how tiring it can be when you then have to carry your child around once you arrive at your destination. a swedish firm is hoping to make getting around with a young child easier - and save your aching arms - by introducing the bike seat that doubles up as a stroller. påhoj -lrb- pictured -rrb- was designed by swedish designer lycke von schantz. it has a ` lightweight chassis ' and is 3.2 ft -lrb- 1 metre -rrb- tall. the product will launch on kickstarter next week but prices are not yet known.
the stoke midfielder has been the talk of football this easter weekend after his incredible 66-yard goal against chelsea. adam 's sweetly struck left-footed strike gave goalkeeper thibaut courtois absolutely no chance. scroll down to watch video of charlie adam scoring from the halfway line in 2009. charlie adam picks the ball up inside his own half during a reserve match against accrington stanley. adam knocks the ball out in front of him before spotting the goalkeeper of his line and shooting. the stanley keeper tries desperately to stop the ball as it sails towards the goal. the goalkeeper is left sprawled on the floor as the ball hits the back of the net.
illicit operation : chiropractor gertrude pitkanen would sell newborn babies to adoptive parents for as little as $ 100 in butte , montana. for as little as $ 100 , chiropractor gertrude pitkanen took babies from their mother 's arms seconds after they were born and handed them to their adoptive parents. these transactions formed the basis of a lucrative , illicit market that started in butte , montana , in 1920s , and grew until pitkanen decided to stop in the 1950s. most of the children who were victims of this horrific crime have now aged , have families and have forged their own lives - but they are still looking for answers.
after more than two years of inexorable decline the patience of tranmere 's faithful finally snapped when oxford moved decisively ahead , in an effortless manner reminiscent of the previous saturday 's boat race. the loathing was directed mainly at manager micky adams , who was announced on sunday morning to have left the club by ` mutual consent '. the tranmere players look down after the final whistle , as the prospect of relegation looms large. this is how it ends in football sometimes : standing in the dugout having a season ticket thrown in your face by an incandescent supporter , who you then see given a standing ovation by some sections upon being escorted out.
we spent # 400 on a 1940s loo - it took us four months to find one ! claire nugent , 43 , and nigel morter , 47 , have been married for 14 years. they restored a 1940s airfield control tower in norfolk and now run it as a b&b. scroll down for video. claire nugent , 43 , and nigel morter , 47 , have been married for 14 years. they restored a 1940s airfield control tower in norfolk and now run it as a b&b. in 2011 , our dreams came true when we bought a world war ii airfield control tower near wells-next-the-sea for # 295,000.
footage has surfaced of a quarrel between neighbours in a perth suburb that ended in a bloody confrontation with a crowbar. the clip , uploaded to facebook today , show an angry woman unleashing a racist tirade over her fence at a group of men who appear to be of african descent. the angry woman turns up in her neighbour 's front yard , verbally abusing the men and swinging a crowbar at him. ' i do n't deal with monkeys , go on now you f ***** g monkeys. the racial abuse intensifies when the woman appears in the yard , threatening a group of men with the crowbar in hand.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- it 's time for liberals to look local. with washington gridlocked over almost everything and congressional republicans standing firm against any further expansion of domestic policy , the odds of congress passing another new deal or great society are minimal. it will take a lot of work by democratic voters and activists to change the numbers on capitol hill so that liberal ideas stand a chance of passing. liberal democrats have found more political space to move forward with their initiatives. in new york city , mayor bill de blasio has launched an ambitious pre-k education program to broaden access for all of the city 's residents.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- the cover-up is often worse than the crime. henry louis gates stands accused of scrubbing part of a segment in his pbs documentary series `` finding your roots '' because the actor ben affleck put pressure on him. affleck 's concern was that the segment would have aired his family 's dirty laundry , which includes a slaveholding ancestor , benjamin cole. affleck said , in a statement posted on facebook , that he `` did n't want any television show about my family to include a guy who owned slaves. i was embarrassed. last month , affleck lent his star power to support continued foreign assistance for the democratic republic of congo by testifying before congress.
ahead of this weekend 's premier league action , sportsmail will be providing you with all you need to know about every fixture , with team news , provisional squads , betting odds and opta stats. here is all the information you need for west brom 's home clash with qpr ... west bromwich albion vs queens park rangers -lrb- the hawthorns -rrb-. west brom. west brom 's craig dawson is suspended for the visit of qpr after he was awarded the red card wrongly given to gareth mcauley against manchester city. defender mcauley was dismissed by referee neil swarbrick for a foul on wilfried bony which dawson committed and the red card was switched to dawson after a review.
the alleged mastermind of the 2008 mumbai terror attack which left 166 dead has been released on bail , pakistani officials revealed. zakiur rehman lakhvi was allowed to leave adiala prison in rawalpindi late on thursday. his release was slammed with indians calling it an ` insult ' to the victims of the three-day onslaught , which was blamed on the banned pakistani militant group lashkar-e-taiba -lrb- let -rrb-. pakistani security personnel escort zakiur rehman lakhvi , the alleged mastermind of the 2008 mumbai attacks , as he leaves court after a hearing in islamabad on january 1. a senior jud official said : ` zakiur rehman lakhvi has been released from jail.
there were scenes of jubilation in the dutch city of dordrecht today , as flag-waving locals turned out to welcome king willem-alexander and his glamorous wife maxima today. the visit , which kicked off with a pageant aboard a flotilla of boats on the local canal , was part of willem-alexander 's 48th birthday celebrations. happy family : the dutch royals celebrated king willem-alexander 's birthday in dordrecht. warm welcome : the dutch royal couple were all smiles as they meet well-wishers in the trading city. today , it was the turn of dordrecht , a city in the south-west of the country , which was once a major trading port , as well as a military hub.
a terrifying image reveals the moment a ` highly skilled ' pilot spun out of control during an aerobatic display - right before the plane crashed in front of horrified spectators this afternoon. smoke billows from david jenkins ' single-engine edge 360 plane above old buckenham airfield near attleborough , norfolk. the man in his 50s tragically died when it crashed just 50 metres from a group of people who were at a press day for the air show. a friend who wished to stay anonymous said : ` he was the best bloke i knew. ' mr jenkins was a member of the wildcat aerobatic team based at old buckenham airfield and has been a regular competitor at uk aerobatics competitions , winning over 40 medals.
the next time pep guardiola feels the need to justify his continued presence in bavaria -- and that time will come -- he has some useful numbers to roll out. that is the number of goals guardiola 's bayern team have scored so far this season , a number plenty enough to take them in to the last four of the champions league , the semi-final of the german cup and to the cusp of successive bundesliga titles. it 's a funny game , football is n't it ? people can grow restless , unhappy even , pretty quickly. as guardiola himself said on the eve of this undressing of porous porto , people are only happy here if bayern win the treble.
noelle reno , socialite , reality tv star and former fiancee of businessman scot young , has broken her silence almost four months to the day since his death. she confirms she had split up with her partner of five years before he fell out of her fourth-floor flat window in london 's marylebone on to the railings below. socialite noelle reno , who is the former fiancee of businessman scot young who fell 60ft from his west london home last year , has broken her silence almost four months to the day since his horrific death. the tycoon was killed after falling 60ft from his multi-million pound apartment onto metal railings -lrb- pictured -rrb-.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- the officer charged with murder in the shooting death of an unarmed black man in south carolina has been fired as anger continues to build around his case. a video shows officer michael slager , who is white , firing eight shots at 50-year-old walter scott as scott has his back to him and is running away. scott , who was unarmed , was struck five times. the fbi is investigating , and once again , a shooting involving police has sparked national outrage. `` i have watched the video , and i was sickened by what i saw , '' north charleston police chief eddie driggers told reporters wednesday.
an obsessive arsenal fan made his girlfriend sit a test quizzing her about his favourite football club. saskia posted snaps of the test to her twitter account , @saskiaisabxlla , commenting ` boyfriend made me take an @arsenal exam ! ' with emoticons showing she did n't know whether to laugh or cry. saskia 's football fan boyfriend made her take an arsenal test and did n't dump her thanks to her a grade. the test took the form of a school exam , with multiple choice questions , tables to complete , and ` in your own words ... ' section.
janet faal , who has suffered from agoraphobia for a decade , fell down an uncovered manhole. janet faal , 57 , was out with a friend in crawley , west sussex , as part of her rehabilitation when she moved a wooden pallet to help them reverse and plunged down into the open gap. she now has two black eyes and a suspected fractured leg after smashing her face on the pallet and was left in a ` splits ' position as only one of her legs went down the hole when she slipped. ' i fell and smashed my face on the pallet , and i was in the hole with blood all over me and i could n't move.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- most kids want to go out and play when they finish their homework early. but zuriel oduwole is n't `` most kids. '' when she gets ahead of her work , she packs her camera and microphones , jumps on a plane and interviews presidents instead. born in california to a nigerian father and a mauritian mother , oduwole is often described as `` the world 's youngest filmmaker. it all started three years ago when oduwole decided to enter a school documentary-making competition with a film about the ghana revolution. joyce banda -lrb- malawi -rrb-. after this first foray into filmmaking , oduwole was bitten by the director 's bug and quickly wanted to make more movies.
reports claim google is the latest firm to set up a team dedicated to boosting how long our phones , tablets and even electric cars can run for. and sources said the four-man team spends its days devising and testing different technologies from the flexible to the wearable. reports claim google is the latest firm to set up a team dedicated to boosting how long our phones , tablets and even electric cars -lrb- pictured -rrb- can run for. sources told the wall street journal that the four-man team spends its days devising and testing different technologies from the flexible to the wearable.
arsenal are the form team in europe at present , winning 10 games out of their last 11 , including seven in a row. players have returned from injury at the right time , olivier giroud ca n't stop scoring , hector bellerin and francis coquelin have emerged , while arsene wenger seems to have found his drive once again. but could there be something else ? with the gunners preparing for the premier league trip to burnley on saturday , one of their partners europcar have revealed how some of the first-team stars motivate themselves on the team bus with some interesting and uncharacteristic selections included.
at last , some good news for sunderland and newcastle united -- apparently form goes out of the window in a derby. now is n't that a relief ? on sunday afternoon , both sets of supporters will have the chance to suspend the depressing reality of their current plight. during that same period -- 18 hours of football , no less -- they have scored four times between them , conceding 22 along the way. john carver issues instructions to his players during training on friday ahead of sunday 's derby. carver put his newcastle players through their paces during the session at st james ' park.
from kittens for sale to handymen for hire , the majority of ads posted in newsagents ' windows are practical ones. in the post , which has gone viral after being photographed and put online , the man sets out his requirements and offers ' a way of life with quality '. ` john ' who is reportedly a builder posted this advert in his local newsagents , it has since gone viral after it was spotted by a passer by. john posted his advert , which is written in capital letters in black pen , in the window of his local newsagents in muswell hill.
ian bell rescued england from a nightmare start with a century in the first test against west indies that was pay back time for being dropped during his last caribbean series. after his classy 143 had steered england to 341 for five , after they had been 34 for three , bell said that thoughts of him losing his place in 2009 was a big motivating factor. ' ian bell scored 143 on the first day of the first test against west indies in antigua on monday. the 33-year-old kisses the england badge on his helmet after his 22nd test match century.
when 18-year-old jackson byrnes was told he had only weeks to live , only one surgeon in australia was willing to perform the surgery that would either save his life , leave him paralysed or worse. incredibly , the teenager has woken up from having his catastrophic brain tumour removed with the ability to move his body , thank his surgeon and even to ask his relieved mother for food. jackson is a fighter ! ' his mother rhonda told daily mail australia. his elated family are ` over the moon ' that the surgery was more of a success than they dared to even dream it would be.
flanked by johnny russell and will hughes , eric steele jigged over to the travelling derby supporters - the popular goalkeeping coach was in the mood to celebrate. after a first win in eight , they are back in this consuming promotion race and that six-week wobble is no longer. steele lapped up the adulation , entertaining 4,000 behind one goal of the dw stadium at which the rams wrapped up three crucial points. derby 's players celebrate after chris martin 's goal gave them the lead in the second half. steve mcclaren was all smiles as he took his place in the stands before the game.
a poll of 2,000 britons found that 68 per cent had hurt themselves doing odd jobs or decorating. a poll of 2,000 britons found that 68 per cent said they or their partner had hurt themselves doing odd jobs or decorating. two in five had injured their back , one in five had cut themselves and one in ten had suffered side effects from inhaling chemical fumes. a careless one in 30 suffered after getting paint or chemicals in their eyes and eight in 100 had fallen off a ladder , said research for the makers of pain relief brands deep heat and deep freeze.
a water main break in new york city caused evening commute hysteria wednesday as a surge of brown water poured into a west village subway tunnel sending travelers scrambling for cover and a different route home. the 12-inch water main broke around 6:45 pm at 13th street and seventh avenue in manhattan , reports cbs new york , shutting down three train lines in both directions. deluge : a water main break sent brownish water cascading down through the roof of a manhattan subway tunnel on wednesday. rush hour : the break occurred in the west village before 7pm while the evening rush was still going strong.
the end-of-season awards will go to the best attacker but if there was a defender of the year , john terry would clean up. this has been his best season in a chelsea shirt. two seasons ago rafa benitez said he could n't cope with two games a week. so credit jose mourinho for trusting him and building that defence around him. terry has never had pace but that is not a problem as he reads the game so well. he did n't break sweat against arsenal and chelsea were too streetwise for arsene wenger 's team. john terry celebrates after the premier league match between arsenal and chelsea at emirates stadium.
a man has been pressured into resigning from his role as a women 's officer at a university student union after public pressure and an online petition demanded that he step down from the position. james ritchie was voted into the job at the tasmanian university union with a clear majority over a female candidate more than three weeks ago. james ritchie was forced to resign from his role as women 's officer for the tasmanian university union after public pressure and an online petition opposed the decision to employ a male for the job. the petition said mr ritchie ` was elected to the role of women 's officer unconstitutionally and unethically and yet the tuu staff refuses to disqualify his candidacy '.
to celebrate the 10th birthday of the football league awards , a team celebrating the best players from below england 's top tier during that decade has been put together , including a host of stars. the world 's most expensive footballer and real madrid star gareth bale heads the list of those who have spent time in anywhere between the second and fourth tier of english football. he is joined by seven current barclays premier league players as well as three outfielders and a manager still plugging away in the football league. goalkeeper. kasper schmeichel -lrb- darlington , bury , cardiff city , coventry city , notts county , leeds united , leicester city -rrb-.
passengers of an icelandair flight to denver on tuesday were left in a bit of shock after their plane was struck by lightning shortly after takeoff. though the boeing 757 continued its 3,700-mile journey from reykjavik , iceland , to denver , it was n't until the plane landed that passengers and crew were aware of a gaping hole in the nose of the plane. the hole was at a point in the plane where weather radars are housed , but the plane landed safely in denver and no one was injured. a plane was struck by lightning shortly after takeoff during a flight from reykjavik , iceland , to denver , colorado on tuesday.
anti-semitic attacks surged worldwide by 38 per cent last year , with the highest number of incidents occurring in france , an annual study has revealed. the report , by tel aviv university 's kantor center for the study of contemporary european jewry , said 766 violent anti-semitic acts were carried out around the world last year - marking a huge increase from the previous year. arson , vandalism and direct threats against jews , synagogues and other jewish institutions were included in the figure , making 2014 the worst year for such attacks since 2009. anger in western europe over israel 's military offensive in the gaza strip last july and august , as well as anti-jewish caricatures in the media and social networks had helped to turn anti-semitism into an ` almost daily phenomena seen and felt in every sphere of life ' , the report said.
for around 20 per cent of the population , the thought of going to the doctors for an injection invokes a deep-rooted sense of dread. many avoid the doctor 's surgery altogether , leaving themselves open to the risk of various illnesses and infections. but for those terrified of needles , a team of scientists at rice university in houston , may have the answer. their invention numbs the skin prior to the jab by producing a rapid chemical reaction to cool the patient 's skin. scroll down for video. three first year students , -lrb- from l-r -rrb- mechanical engineer mike hua , bioengineer andy zhang and computer scientist greg allison , came up with the invention , they describe as ` simple and elegant ' the trio , made up of computer scientist greg allison , bioengineer andy zhang and mechanical engineer mike hua , currently has a functioning prototype , that has produced a numbing effect in just 60 seconds.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- fifteen buffalo were shot and killed on friday after a day on the loose in upstate new york. the chase , which took farmers and police officers from five jurisdictions through forests and over the hudson river , ended with `` snipers '' from the animals ' farm gunning down the buffalo from the side of the road , according to lt. thomas heffernan of the bethlehem police department. `` it was turning into the wild , wild , west , '' albany county sheriff craig apple told reporters on friday. '' heffernan described the hectic last moments of the chase :.
nathan redmond had only been on the pitch for six minutes when he made the decisive intervention in this tightly-fought encounter , but what a crucial one it could prove to be. steven whittaker , with sharp eyes and precise feet , played redmond in down the right touchline , the ball hugging the white line as it went forward. redmond 's natural acceleration saw him spectacularly outpace joe bennett and his low cross was fired high into the net by bradley johnson at the back post. bradley johnson celebrates after firing home a second-half winner at the amex stadium. the norwich goalscorer showed his delight after scoring what turned out to be the winning goal.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- greenpeace activists have climbed aboard a shell oil rig to protest the company 's plans to drill in the arctic near alaska. the six protesters used ropes and harnesses monday to scale the huge platform in the pacific ocean , tweeting images of their daunting climb as they went. and we 're not alone , '' wrote aliyah field , an american activist taking part in the protest. `` everyone can help turn this into a platform for people power ! '' the rig , the polar pioneer , is on its way to the arctic via seattle.
jen psaki thought the offer to be president barack obama 's communications director would n't last long. she figured white house chief of staff denis mcdonough had n't heard she 's expecting a baby girl in july. instead mcdonough - and later obama himself - assured psaki they would accommodate her needs as a new mom amid the west wing 's nonstop demands. she started in the post wednesday and is one of two pregnant women serving as assistant to the president -- a first for such a top level adviser in obama 's presidency and practically unheard of under previous presidents.
millions travel to witness the spectacular grand canyon every year , but few know that this arizona landscape is home to a secret tribe , hidden away in its depths. more than 600 people are part of the havasupai tribe , which is the smallest indian nation in america. scroll down for video. in addition to a church the village of supai has a cafe , general stores , a lodge , post office and school. the havasupai tribe are the smallest indian nation in america , with just over 600 village inhabitants. positioned eight miles from the nearest road , the indian village of supai is concealed at the bottom of havasu canyon , in the heart of the havasupai nation reservation.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- deion sanders is such a dad. the nfl legend called out deion sanders jr. on twitter for saying he only eats `` hood doughnuts. '' in response , the elder sanders -- in front of his 912,000 followers -- reminded his son he has a trust fund , a condo and his own clothing line called `` well off. '' `` you 're a huxtable with a million $ trust fund. junior is a wide receiver at southern methodist university , an aspiring entrepreneur and occasional rapper. sanders jr. seemed to take the public browbeating in stride , retweeting his father 's comments.
ambulance bosses are routinely making a 21,500-mile round trip to australia to hire paramedics on # 4,500 ` golden hello ' payments because it is far cheaper than training them in britain. managers from the london ambulance service , the largest in the nhs , have just filled 225 vacant posts with applicants from sydney and melbourne. ambulance bosses are routinely making a 21,500-mile round trip to australia to hire paramedics on # 4,500 ` golden hello ' payments. the selection process , held at five-star hotels , was so quick that by 8am the next day applicants had received an email informing them if they had a job.
germany 's angelique kerber came from a set down to outmuscle caroline wozniacki 3-6 , 6-1 , 7-5 on sunday and win the stuttgart grand prix for her second title of the season. kerber , ranked 14th in the world , completed a memorable week where she beat top seed maria sharapova and sixth seed ekaterina makarova in previous rounds. ' angelique kerber poses with her trophy and new sports car after winning the porsche grand prix. kerber -lrb- right -rrb- is congratulated by caroline wozniacki after a thrilling three-set final. kerber falls to the ground in celebration after the german clinches victory in stuttgart.
' and , after quitting their restaurant jobs in manchester , the intrepid cyclists are doing it as cheaply as they possibly can. spanish pablo , 27 , and latvian ilze , 31 , who met in riga in 2011 , are off to a flying start as they approach their first year of their open-ended odyssey on the road. in 356 days so far they 've covered almost 7,000 miles -lrb- 11,131.92 km by their measurements -rrb- and been through 16 countries. ilze zebolde , 31 , takes in her surrounds as she and pablo mandado take a break in their cycle journey around the world.
freckly-faced carrot tops once mocked for their distinctive hair are flourishing into flame-haired sex symbols as the redhead takes the celebrity world by storm. from hollywood starlets and musical sex symbols to a certain member of the royal family , according to copper-locked actor damian lewis , his hair colour is having a moment on screens both big and small. scroll down for video. ` this might be a unique moment in recent history : redheads everywhere are doing well - prince harry , ed sheeran , julianne moore , me , lily cole. ' in truth , many of us have nurtured secret crushes on those with bold barnets for years , with prince harry transforming from a cute ginger kid into a bone-fide hot-haired hunk before the nation 's eyes.
but one desperate man has forked out nearly $ 4000 for a written message in the sky in an attempt to seek forgiveness. brisbane locals were left scratching their heads after the mysterious message ` i 'm sorry ' followed by a love heart and two crosses for kisses was splashed across the city 's clear blue sky on monday afternoon. the aerial apology hovered above the cbd at about 1pm , prompting several people to jump onto social media to question and voice their theories about who had done what. one desperate man has forked out nearly $ 4000 for a written message in the sky in a bid to seek forgiveness.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- the latest outbreak of bird flu -- the worst in the u.s. since the 1980s -- is not a likely threat to humans , reports the centers for disease control and prevention. but as with any potential threat to human health , they are preparing for the worst just in case. the cdc and the united states department of agriculture held a press conference wednesday to talk about preparations. `` the risk to humans is low , our food supply is safe , '' said dr. john clifford , the usda 's chief veterinary officer. '' since mid-december , 16 states have seen bird flu turn up in commercial poultry , backyard chickens , and in flocks of wild and captive wild birds , according to the cdc.
wing 's chinese restaurant is in manchester city centre , and attracts a certain type of clientele. wing 's has been ` recommended in the mitchelin guide for the past eight years ' , according to their website , but how else does it lure manchester 's footballers and stars back time and time again like moths to a flame ? here 's all you need to know about wing 's restaurant. so , who goes there ? wing 's is rarely short of a manchester united star or two. the class of '92 -- gary and phil neville , ryan giggs , paul scholes and nicky butt , minus david beckham -- previously dined there.
a 26-year-old mexico native vanished without a trace in utah a week ago , and now elizabeth smart and her father have joined the effort to find the missing woman. elizabeth elena laguna salgado is from chiapas , mexico , and moved to provo about a month ago to study english. there is no evidence she was kidnapped , but she has n't made contact with anybody since she disappeared april 16 , provo police chief john king said. where is elizabeth ? elizabeth elena laguna salgado , 26 , from chiapas , mexico , was last seen leaving a language school in provo , utah , april 16.
whether you sprout the odd grey hair , spend hours eradicating them or let your silver locks flow free , the latest hair trend is good news for women everywhere. grey hair is on trend with silver hair lovers the world over posting images on social media under the hashtag #grannyhair. instagram is awash with the grey haired images - from beauty shots featuring professional models to selfies uploaded by proud grey haired instagrammers. scroll down for video. com -rrb- is one of the many photographers who has embraced the trend , with eye-catching beauty image of a model with tumbling grey locks.
john sutton jr has spent the first saturday of may the same way since he was 8 years old - on the sidelines of the kentucky derby. to commemorate his dedication to horse racing , churchill downs - the track that hosts the race every year - is inviting the 84-year-old man to attend his 76th-straight kentucky derby as their special guest on may 2. scroll down for video. dedicated : churchill downs is inviting john sutton jr , 84 , to attend the kentucky derby as their special guest on may 2 , since he has attended every race for the past 76 years.
aaron taylor-johnson was just 19 when he met wife sam , then 42 , on the set of nowhere boy in 2009 in which he played the young john lennon and she directed him. six years , one marriage and two children later , the hollywood actor has revealed that he does n't even notice the age gap because of his mature nature - he is so grown up that friends of the couple call him benjamin button after brad pitt 's character in the 2008 film the curious case of benjamin button , who ages in reverse. scroll down for video.
a lack of iron , especially in women , is known to trigger hair loss , possibly because it means less oxygen is delivered to the hair follicle , but should you take iron pills to treat it ? ` this is a bit of a moot point , ' says dr vicky jolliffe , a consultant dermatologist at the royal london hospital and a specialist in hair loss. all i can say is that in my practice i see lots of girls with low ferritin levels -lsb- stored iron rather than iron in your blood -rsb- , who shed hair and stop shedding once you correct the ferritin level.
for most people , spotting a google street view car is an interesting , if uneventful , point in the day. his plan ? to get the all important ` selfie ' - and make an appearance on the street view map. ` time to shine ' : nasr bitar saw taking the perfect selfie with google street view as a chance to ` shine ' tracked : it was the first time nasr had seen a street view car , and he followed it in his own vehicle. having figured out the pattern the street view car was following , nasr parked his car , jumped out and got in position - just in time to take the snap.
congratulations to australia for seeing sense and dropping the ridiculous policy of not selecting their best players if they are playing overseas. stuart lancaster must be free to pick his best players , no matter where in the world they ply their trade. if roy hodgson 's star names moved to bayern munich or barcelona , would the fa tell him not to pick them ? absolutely not. the same needs to apply to rugby. matt giteau 's stellar displays for toulon have put him back on the wallabies radar ahead of the world cup. the game is changing and australia have realised that.
a 26-year-old woman has been arrested for ` facebook thugging ' after posting a photo of herself pointing a gun on the social networking site in response to other users ' ` misdirected threats '. kristin holmes allegedly uploaded the controversial image - in which she is seen beaming while holding the deadly weapon - after she was mistaken for another woman during a facebook feud. illegal image : kristin holmes , 26 , has been arrested for ` facebook thugging ' after posting this photo of herself pointing a gun -lrb- pictured -rrb- on the social networking site in response to other users ' ` misdirected threats ' ` threatening ' : she captioned the photo -lrb- pictured -rrb- : ` i 'll post a few actual pics of me so you know the difference when you `` come find me ''.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- getting caught napping on the job is never good. getting caught napping on the job in the cargo hold of a plane takes it to a whole different level. alaska airlines flight 448 was just barely on its way to los angeles from seattle-tacoma international airport on monday afternoon when the pilot reported hearing unusual banging from the cargo hold. the banging in the cargo hold did come from a person and he turned out to be a ramp agent from menzies aviation , a contractor for alaska airlines that handles loading the luggage , the airline said.
sam reese , a male model who recently appeared on channel 4 's first dates reality match-making show , has received death threats over his behaviour on the programme. the 22-year-old 's crime was to ask his date kathleen to split the bill with him rather than pick up the tab himself - an action which sparked a slew of furious responses on twitter. ' i had death threats , one person said that the next time i come out in manchester i 'm dead. ' sam reese , a male model who recently appeared on channel 4 's first dates show , has received death threats over his behaviour on the program.
paris saint-germain playmaker lucas moura has revealed he is ` obsessed ' with the way fellow south american lionel messi plays football. brazilians and argentines are known to be rivals when it comes to football , however moura has singled out messi for special praise ahead of his side 's champions league encounter against barcelona. psg star lucas moura has lauded lionel messi ahead of his side 's champions league encounter. moura has singled out messi for special praise ahead of wednesday night 's match at parc des princes. ` we must be realistic and messi is the best. of course , there is always a rivalry between brazil and argentina but we are a football country.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- this is the end. for the 1960s , the end arrived with -- depending on your ideals and your tribe -- either the rolling stones ' altamont fiasco in december 1969 , the kent state shootings in may 1970 or richard nixon 's 1972 re-election. for `` mad men , '' the `` end of an era , '' as its slogan has it , begins sunday. over the past eight years , the show about a 1960s advertising agency and its collision with changing times has become part of the national fabric , if never a huge ratings hit.
the broccoli chemical sulforaphane is known to block the inflammation and damage to cartilage associated with arthritis -lrb- file picture -rrb-. an artificial version of a compound in broccoli could hold the key to treating arthritis , say researchers. the broccoli chemical sulforaphane is known to block the inflammation and damage to cartilage associated with the condition. but patients would have to eat several pounds of the vegetable every day to derive any significant benefit. but uk drug company evgen pharma has developed a stable synthetic version of the chemical that offers the potential of a pill treatment. a single dose of the drug , known as sulforadex or sfx-01 , is the equivalent of eating 5.5 lb of broccoli in one day.
an innocent man who spent more than 30 years on death row for a murder he did n't commit has come face-to-face with the prosecutor who put him there. glenn ford , who was diagnosed with stage four lung cancer after his release last year , was too weak to stand when marty stroud walked into his louisiana home last week but shook his hand. ' i want you to know that i am very sorry , ' stroud said during the somber meeting , which was filmed by nightline. ' scroll down for videos. apology : marty stroud , left , visited glenn ford , right , at his home to apologize for putting him behind bars for 30 years for a murder he did n't commit.
smartly dressed in a bowler hat and waistcoat , these civilians may look like respectable members of society in edwardian england. in fact , they were the drunkards banned from every boozer in birmingham for a string of crimes including drink-driving a steam engine , riding a horse while drunk and being intoxicated to the point of ` complete incompetence '. the list was then sent to landlords who were not allowed to sell them alcohol. scroll down for video. boozy : kitted out in a bowler hat and waistcoat , he may appear to be a right-thinking member of edwardian england , but matthew moran was banned from every pub in birmingham at the turn of the century.
joel ward has put pen to paper on a new three-and-a-half year contract at crystal palace , keeping him at the south london club until the summer of 2018. the 25-year-old , who has impressed at both left and right back for the eagles this season , has been a mainstay in the first team , making 35 appearances in all competitions. speaking to the club 's official website about his new deal , ward said : ` i 'm really pleased. ' crystal palace right back joel ward has signed a new three-and-a-half year deal with the south london club.
shirley temple 's bitter ex-husband tried to derail her appointment to a diplomatic post by calling her 'em otionally unstable ' during her fbi background check. john george agar told an agent in 1969 to think twice because temple would ` overreact if she did n't get her way '. he also said that her mother had wrecked their marriage because she interfered in their affairs too much. scroll down for video. child star : shirley temple made her name as the child actor who cheered america through the depression but in later years she was a committed republican who wanted to serve her country.
a schoolboy with a rare illness which means he is allergic to sunlight has been racially abused in the street because of the brown suncream he has to wear. he suffers from the condition erythropoietic protoporphyria , whose victims are nicknamed ` real-life vampires ' because their skin can not be exposed to direct sunlight. james creag must use the special brown suncream -lrb- pictured -rrb- as he suffers from a rare sunlight allergy. he suffers from the condition erythropoietic protoporphyria , which means he suffers from terrible sunburn -lrb- pictured -rrb- when exposed to sunlight. james , from salford in greater manchester , was given dundee reflective sunscreen , a thick brown paste which blocks out the light.
at the age of 42 , san francisco-based journalist robin rinaldi believed she had accidentally succeeded in conceiving a longed - for child. the pregnancy test turned out to be wrong , but her husband scott was n't taking any more chances : he got a vasectomy. rinaldi 's response was to demand an open marriage and bed 12 strangers in as many months. she 's now written a graphic , tell-all memoir about that year and its very messy fallout. robin rinaldi -lrb- pictured -rrb- demanded an open marriage from her husband , scott after he had a vasectomy. as her biological clock began ticking louder , though , a child came to embody the solution to all sorts of problems.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- the best part of the supreme court oral arguments about marriage equality was when justice ruth bader ginsburg alluded to s&m. ok , she did n't actually mention s&m , but ginsburg talked about how the institution of marriage has already changed from long ago , when it was `` a dominant and a subordinate relationship. '' `` yes , it was marriage between a man and a woman , but the man decided where the couple would be domiciled , '' said ginsburg. '' mary bonauto , the attorney arguing on behalf of the four same-sex couples who petitioned the supreme court , said in response : `` that 's correct.
comics at the bbc must go through a lengthy process to get some jokes on air because the corporation is extra-wary about causing offence , an editor at the company has claimed. comics at the bbc must go through a lengthy process to get jokes on air , including some being looked over by director general lord hall -lrb- left -rrb- , an editor at the company claimed. it is because the corporation is extra-wary about causing offence - like in the sachsgate scandal involving russell brand and jonathan ross -lrb- right -rrb-. speaking at a bafta event the telegraph reported him saying : ` it 's been a difficult few years and i think that is reflected internally in terms of the processes and procedures we go through when we 're making programmes.
a college basketball coach , a bar owner and a businessman were among seven killed in a private plane crash as they returned from the ncaa championship game. illinois state associate coach torrey ward , meat processing business owner scott bittner and bar owner terry stralow have been confirmed as among the dead when the cessna 414 crashed near bloomington , illinois , shortly after midnight on tuesday. the party had been at the ncaa championship game between duke and wisconsin in indianapolis , and ward had made a last tweet showing off his transport to the game. isu 's deputy director of athletics for external affairs , aaron leetch , was also killed in the crash about two miles away from central illinois regional airport.
a personal trainer who claims to have helped gwen stefani get into shape hit a woman so hard that she lost a tooth and was left lying unconscious in a pool of blood , a court has hard. mike heatlie , 42 , launched the violent attack on fiona mccartney outside a nightclub in edinburgh because she did not give him a cigarette. heatlie , from edinburgh , was once voted as one of the city 's most eligible bachelors and claims to have helped train stefani before her 2009 u.s tour. personal trainer mike heatlie , 42 , -lrb- left -rrb- , who claims to have previously work with gwen stefani , launched the violent attack on fiona mccartney , 43 , -lrb- right -rrb- outside a nightclub in edinburgh.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- i usually think of april as tax month , but it seems to be morphing into national get tested month. dallas mavericks owner mark cuban advised twitterers to have their blood tested for everything available -- and to do so every three months. following her mother 's cancer diagnosis , singer taylor swift urged her fans to remind their parents to get screening tests. and arizona gov. doug ducey signed legislation to allow arizonans to get any lab test without a doctor 's order. but there are many lab tests to order on yourself : medicare 's clinical diagnostic laboratory fee schedule lists over a thousand.
boy ? girl ? young ? old ? '' the man on the phone was offering us young children with the casualness of a market trader. after a week of back and forth phone calls , his initial caginess had given way to greed. we were told he was one of the men running this `` unofficial '' displaced camp -- one of the many that has mushroomed in the town of yola as the influx of people fleeing boko haram has grown beyond the capacity of the official camps. no need for any pesky paperwork -- just a reassurance from me that the children , if i chose to take them , would `` live in my heart.
ed balls has been accused of treating the public with ` contempt ' after dismissing as a ` joke ' the infamous labour note admitting the party had blown the nation 's finances. the shadow chancellor said the letter , left in the treasury by the former labour minister liam byrne in 2010 , was just a ` jokey note '. mr byrne 's glib note to his successor as treasury secretary stated : ` dear chief secretary , i 'm afraid there is no money. ' scroll down for video. damaging : labour 's liam byrne sent left this handwritten note to his successor before he left the treasury in 2010.
arsene wenger rejoiced when didier drogba left chelsea for shanghai shenhua in 2012 , with the ivorian striker departing england with a formidable scoring record of 13 goals in 14 games against arsenal. ' i do n't know how much chelsea miss him but we do n't miss him , ' wenger said of the man who averages a goal every 78 minutes and 20 seconds against his team. didier drogba has 15 goals in 15 games for chelsea against arsenal , averaging one every 78 minutes. drogba 's first goals against came in the 2005 community shield , scoring both as chelsea beat arsenal 2-1.
volvo teamed up with a swedish start-up to make a light reflective spray for cyclists , called life paint. volvo is known for making cars packed with safety features but it 's a low-tech safety solution for cyclists that has proved a surprising success. the car manufacturer teamed up with a sweden-based start-up to make a temporary light reflective spray for cyclists , called life paint. the paint has proved so popular that the trial cans up for grabs at certain cycling shops in london were snapped up in days. volvo launched the paint to increase the visibility of cyclists on the road.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- canadian actor jonathan crombie , who co-starred in the `` anne of green gables '' tv movies , died this week at age 48. crombie died wednesday from complications of a brain hemorrhage , `` anne of green gables '' producer kevin sullivan said. `` i will remember him as someone who worked extremely hard to make the roles he played onscreen come to life. '' based on canadian author lucy maud montgomery 's children 's books , `` anne of green gables '' debuted in canada on cbc tv in 1984 and became a cultural touchstone. the plot focused on the adventures of fiery orphan anne shirley , played by megan follows , who is sent to live on a farm in prince edward island.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- in 2001 , the taliban wiped out 1700 years of history in a matter of seconds , by blowing up ancient buddha statues in central afghanistan with dynamite. they proceeded to do so after an attempt at bringing down the 175-foot tall sculptures with anti-aircraft artillery had failed. now cyark , a non-profit company founded by an iraqi-born engineer , is using groundbreaking laser scanning to ensure that -- at the very least -- incredibly accurate digital versions of the world 's treasures will stay with us forever. ben kacyra was born in mosul , iraq , in 1940.
a sorority housekeeper at the university of southern california was left screaming with joy after her ` girls ' gifted her $ 21,000 to buy herself the brand new car she was saving up for. fannie randle , who has worked at the usc sorority gamma phi beta for 24 years , was driving to work every day in an old car that was held together with duct tape - inspiring usc senior and former gamma phi beta president alicia jewell to show her gratitude for the housekeeper with one last gift before graduation in may. '' ' scroll down for video.
known for his life of fast cars , supermodels , and heavy-duty firearms , dan bilzerian is perhaps the last man you would expect to be fronting a video about responsible gun use. but the so-called ` king of instagram ' has been forced into making a public safety announcement in order to avoid jail after being arrested for placing homemade explosives into a tractor before shooting them. dead pan : speaking from a desk in his home , complete with gun candle holder -lrb- rear left -rrb- , an action model of himself -lrb- front left -rrb- , dan bilzerian has been forced into making this film about responsible gun ownership.
and after achieving global success as one of the world 's most famous supermodels , gisele bundchen took one last strut down the catwalk on wednesday. the 34-year-old beauty - who has announced she 's retiring from the runway - was seen walking for colcci during são paulo fashion week in her native brazil , wearing a selection of summery ensembles. scroll down for video. her swan song : gisele bunchen sashayed down the catwalk for the last time at são paulo fashion week on wednesday. it 's goodbye : a teary-eyed gisele shared this photo on instagram revealing the experience of walking the catwalk for the last time and the rousing send-off she received had left her speechless.
flower pattern : miriam gonzález durántez wore a particularly colourful ensemble to a fashion show and award gala in central london tonight. she is known for her bold choices and this exotic look was no exception. the lawyer , wife of the deputy prime minister and mother of three boys , wore a particularly colourful ensemble to a fashion show and award gala in central london tonight. her bright pink , long-sleeved dress was covered in bright blooms at the ldny fashion show and wie -lrb- women : inspiration and enterprise -rrb- award gala at goldsmiths ' hall celebrating inspirational women and ethical fashion.
so the decision to enrol such a child on to a trial for largely untested treatments that may save them , but may make them suffer far more , is another kind of mental anguish altogether. battler : chloe ballouqui during her treatment. in the film they reveal with heroic honesty why they are willing to risk their lives as they become the first children in the world to go through a pioneering treatment called immunotherapy. shocking as it might seem , this kind of ` experimentation ' happens in britain. and it is a necessary part of the process that discovers new treatments that ultimately offer hope to other young cancer patients.
there was a time when the name of juventus would be one to avoid in the semi-final of european competition. when the old lady of turin takes her place alongside bayern munich , barcelona and real madrid on friday , it will appear that massimiliano allegri has returned this great club to the elite level. in reality it will be a clash of cultures as juventus , who have kept nine clean sheets in their last ten fixtures , plot their path to the champions league final in berlin. it will be painful and far from pretty if juve , who held on to the lead arturo vidal gave them from the penalty spot in the first leg against monaco , progress to the final on june 6.
a married dentist forced his practice nurse to resign after she rejected his attempts to kiss her , a tribunal heard. colin cromie told xara grogan , 29 , they should jet to barcelona for a break and claimed they were both stuck with the wrong partner. married dentist colin cromie -lrb- left -rrb- , 49 , forced practice nurse xara grogan -lrb- right -rrb- , 29 , to resign after she rejected his attempts to kiss her , a tribunal heard. when miss grogan complained about having to wear a uniform , including culottes , mr cromie , a former major in the royal army dental corps , told her she would be ` out on her ear ' if she joined a union , it was alleged.
the biblical-style ramblings of accused killer charles severance , 54 , were revealed during his court appearance on thursday -lrb- pictured -rrb-. an accused serial killer 's rambling manifesto revealed details of his chilling plan to ` knock. enter. murder ' , a prosecutor has said. charles severance , 54 , who has been charged with the murders of nancy dunning , ron kirby and ruthanne lodato , in alexandria , virginia , was in court for a hearing on thursday. all three victims were gunned down at their homes in daylight attacks : dunning in 2003 , kirby in 2013 and lodato last year.
former dragons ' den star duncan bannatyne this morning announced he would back labour at the next election -- just a week after backing the tories. the millionaire businessman said ed miliband 's plan to scrap the controversial ` non-dom ' status had won him over. he tweeted : ` ed milliband says he will abolish non-dom status in uk. ' scroll down for video. duncan bannatyne said ed miliband 's plan to scrap the controversial ` non-dom ' status had won him over. it comes after the hotelier signed a letter from more than 100 business leaders backing the tories ' economic record.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- `` star wars '' is once again back in our lives , the burger-king couple helped us believe love can be found in fast food , and mindy kaling 's brother had a shocking announcement. 1. the force is with the streaming device of your choice , thanks to this week 's surprise announcement that the entire `` star wars '' saga -lrb- so far , anyway -rrb- would be released on digital hd at the end of the week. between this and the release of `` daredevil , '' we imagine lots of nerds called in sick on friday.
living near congested roads with high levels of air pollution can cause ` silent strokes ' which increase the risk of dementia , scientists have warned. the microscopic particles have previously been shown to cause lung damage and harmful changes in blood vessels and clotting , and are thought to contribute to the deaths of 29,000 people every year in britain. living near a congested road can increase the chance of developing dementia , research has found. researchers examined the brains of more than 900 people aged more than 60 and assessed the pollution risk. us researchers found evidence that living near congested roads or polluted areas can lead to ` silent strokes ' which in turn cause shrinkage of the brain and other damage.
an australian band has told fans ` stop listening to us altogether ' if they disagree with its opinion on the imminent bali nine execution , after a series of heated exchanges over the weekend. sydney electronic duo the presets , made up of julian hamilton and kim moyes , published a series of posts on its facebook page on saturday night and sunday morning , hours after it was announced andrew chan and myuran sukumaran would be executed this week. scroll down for video. sydney duo the presets , made up of julian hamilton -lrb- right -rrb- and kim moyes -lrb- left -rrb- , published a series of posts on its facebook page after it was announced andrew chan and myuran sukumaran would be executed this week.
the celebrations will continue long after barnet 's delirious supporters are cleared off the pitch as the club returned to the football league following a two-year absence. three points were all that separated barnet from the conference title , and two goals from mauro vilhete ensured martin allen 's fourth spell in charge of the club would be his most successful. lose or draw , and bristol rovers would have taken barnet 's place. there was to be no drama on this finale. mauro vilhete -lrb- right -rrb- celebrates with curtis weston after opening the scoring for barnet on saturday. vilhete doubled his tally in the second-half as barnet defeated gateshead 2-0 in the conference clash.
what does republican senator and presidential contender rand paul have in common with a gun-toting , stripper-hurling playboy ? an avid interest in poker , as it turns out. on friday , the 52-year-old libertarian lawmaker from kentucky shared a snapchat video of himself learning how to play poker from the infamous ` king of instagram ' dan blizerian. ' scroll down for video. strange bedfellows : on friday , senator rand paul -lrb- left -rrb- shared a snapchat video of himself learning how to play poker from the debauched social media star dan blizerian -lrb- right -rrb-. high stakes : the pair were playing liar 's poker - a game where players use dollars bills instead of cards and track the serial numbers on the banknotes.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- for the fifth year in a row in 2014 , ambush attacks on police officers were the no. 1 cause of felonious deaths of law enforcement officers in the line of duty. nevertheless , google continues to market a smartphone application that lets lawbreakers pinpoint the location of police officers in the field. google 's popular real-time traffic app , waze , uses gps navigation and crowdsourcing to alert users to traffic jams , automobile accidents , stalled cars , and through its `` traffic cop '' feature , the presence of law enforcement. most people undoubtedly use waze 's police-finding feature to avoid traffic tickets , but the app poses an enormous risk to deputies and police officers.
chaos erupted at an easter egg hunt in sacramento when adults launched in trying to grab sweets for their children. the event was an attempt at breaking the record for the world 's biggest , with 500,000 eggs laid out for thousands of youngsters. scroll down for video. chaos : an attempt at the world 's biggest easter egg hunt in sacramento became shambolic on sunday. mayhem : children as young as two were pushed to the ground as adults invaded the children-only event. ` the parents were scooping up all of the eggs for their older kids and it was horrible , ' mother tessa moon told cbs.
thousands of animals have died overnight at a commercial fish farm in southern china 's guangdong province after the lake became polluted. more than 100 tonnes of dead fish were found floating in the water near huizhou city on friday morning by devastated farmer mr zhang. workers had rushed to clear the lake , using plastic baskets and nets to scoop them out , creating a huge mountain of rotting fish on the shore. thousands of fish , weighing 100 tonnes , have been found dead at a lake in huizhou city in southern china 's guangdong province. others were sent to spread 2.5 tons of edible salt to try and restore the chemical imbalance of the lake which had become contaminated with ammonia , reported the people 's daily online.
president barack obama held up the shrinking florida everglades today as proof positive that climate change is real and is threatening america 's ` national treasures , ' as well as the economies of their surrounding towns , which rely heavily on tourist dollars. ` climate change can no longer be denied. it ca n't be edited out , ' he said this afternoon in a speech at everglades national park commemorating earth day. ' ` that 's why i 've committed the united states to lead the world in combatting this threat , ' he said , throwing a spotlight on his administration 's efforts to reduce the rate of global warming through the reduction of carbon emissions.
a husband has penned a moving essay celebrating his wife and everything she does for their family as a stay-at-home mother. steven nelms writes in the essay 's introduction that he ca n't afford his wife to be a stay-at home. ' steven nelms penned a moving essay celebrating his wife and everything she does for their family as a stay-at-home mother to their two-year-old son ezra. ' nelms told the independent journal review that his wife , glorianna , stays at home with the couple 's two-year-old son ezra because of high child care costs. but nelms said working has always been a part of gloriana 's life , who had been employed since she was 14 and was contributing to her family 's income when she was 17.
the state of oregon on friday released 94,000 emails involving the fiancee of former gov. john kitzhaber , who resigned amid scandal earlier this year over allegations that the former first lady used her relationship with him to land contracts for her business. hayes routinely attended meetings , was copied on emails among senior staff and requested information or clerical assistance from state employees. scroll down for video. emails released by the state of oregon show cylvia hayes , -lrb- right -rrb- fiancee of former governor john kitzhaber -lrb- left -rrb- , shows that she played a very active role in his scandalous administration.
floyd mayweather vs manny pacquiao will be the biggest fight of all time financially and the most significant this century. where money man vs pacman comes to rank among the most important fights in ring history will depend upon what happens that coming night in the mgm grand garden arena. here is the second of my 12 most significant fights in boxing 's history. the fight against the nazis. yankee stadium , new york. joe louis vs max schmeling. joe louis -lrb- left -rrb- knocks out max schmeling in the first round to win the heavyweight title on june 22 , 1938.
a north carolina student who was accepted into all eight ivy league schools will have to make a tough choice and decide where he wants to attend college in the fall. the 17-year-old got into 14 schools in all. victor agbafe , 17 -lrb- pictured above -rrb- , is currently attending cape fear academy in wilmington , north carolina. on one of his facebook pages , agbafe describes himself as a ` passionate , honest , open-minded individual ' agbafe hopes to become a neurosurgeon one day. agbafe , who plans to double major in microbiology along with government or economics , called his acceptance achievement an ` amazing opportunity ' , wsoc reported.
ahead of this weekend 's premier league action , sportsmail will be providing you with all you need to know about every fixture , with team news , provisional squads , betting odds and opta stats. here is all the information you need for liverpool 's home clash with newcastle ... liverpool vs newcastle united -lrb- anfield -rrb-. liverpool. liverpool defender mamadou sakho will miss monday 's visit of newcastle with a hamstring injury. the france international came off in the first half of wednesday 's fa cup win over blackburn but his absence will be lessened by the return from suspension of emre can , although martin skrtel and steven gerrard must serve the final match of their three-game bans.
a university student from kosovo has become an internet celebrity thanks to his uncanny likeness to zayn malik. but thanks to his eerie similarity to the one direction singer , he boasts almost 40,000 followers on his instagram page. scroll down for video. flamur ukshini , 23 , -lrb- left -rrb- from the kosovan capital of pristina has got almost 40,000 fans on instagram thanks to his likeness to zayn malik -lrb- right -rrb-. apart from his good looks , flamur is an average 20-something man , but thanks to his physical similarity to zayn , flamur is often stopped in the street and asked for photos by adoring teens.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- they may not be `` star trek '' - type extraterrestrials , but we may be close to finding evidence of alien life , a nasa scientist says. `` i think we 're going to have strong indications of life beyond earth within a decade , and i think we 're going to have definitive evidence within 20 to 30 years , '' nasa chief scientist ellen stofan said tuesday during a panel discussion on water in the universe. '' nasa released a graphic noting that scientists have found evidence or indications of water on a number of celestial bodies , including the dwarf planet ceres and jupiter 's moon europa.
a top queensland barrister with a handsome income will use case law dating back 200 years to try to avoid a $ 146 speeding fine. tony morris qc is mounting a landmark legal challenge against queensland 's speed-camera laws , the courier-mail reports. mr morris says he was n't driving when his volvo was photographed doing 57km/h in a 50km/h zone last year. he has invoked a spousal privilege case from 1817 , arguing it 's unconstitutional for a queensland court to fine him when there 's evidence he was not the driver. scroll down for video. tony morris qc is mounting a landmark legal challenge against queensland 's speed-camera laws.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- before landing a gyrocopter on the capitol lawn wednesday , doug hughes wrote about his intentions and the reasons behind them on a website called the thedemocracyclub.org. `` the point of the flight is to spotlight corruption in dc and more importantly , to present the solution -lrb- s -rrb- to the institutional graft , '' the 61-year-old florida postal carrier wrote in an online post titled `` your pilot. '' `` my flight is not a secret , '' the post says. the letter is intended to persuade the guardians of the capitol that i am not a threat and that shooting me down will be a bigger headache than letting me deliver these letters to congress.
ryan giggs , paul scholes , gary neville , nicky butt and andrew cole went out for dinner just hours after their former side 's 1-0 defeat by chelsea. ex-manchester united striker cole took to twitter to upload an image of himself alongside four of his former colleagues and their respective partners at a restaurant table. #mufc '. andrew cole -lrb- right -rrb- took to twitter to reveal he went out for dinner with former manchester united team-mates paul scholes , gary neville , ryan giggs and nicky butt on saturday night. former manchester united striker cole said he was in ` great company ' with ` great team-mates ' on saturday.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- jason rezaian has sat in jail in iran for nearly nine months. the washington post 's bureau chief in tehran was arrested in july on unspecified allegations. it took more than four months for a judge to hear charges against him. they remained publicly undisclosed until last week. the iranian-american will be tried soon on espionage , tehran 's chief justice said. he is accused of economic spying , the post reported , citing iranian state media. the washington post did not mince words on the allegation. the state department also reacted with term `` absurd '' after hearing of reports in iran 's press about the charges.
lindsey vonn made another appearance in augusta on thursday to cheer on her golfer boyfriend tiger woods while he goes after a fifth masters championship after back surgery temporarily put his career on ice last year. and without them , ski champ vonn looked less like the beautiful stepmom and more like a girlfriend concerned for her struggling beau. scroll down for video. there for tiger : ski champ lindsey vonn looked a little teed off at the first day of the masters in augusta , georgia , on thursday as her beau tiger made some high profile mistakes. not happy : tiger tossed his driver after hitting off the ninth tee and sending the ball onto the first fairway during first round play of the masters golf tournament at the augusta national golf course in augusta , georgia thursday.
kathmandu , nepal -lrb- cnn -rrb- more than 4,600 people dead. more than 9,000 injured. eight million affected across nepal. those are the startling numbers that indicate the scale of the devastation from the huge earthquake that struck the himalayan nation on saturday. and some of the grim figures are likely to get even worse as hopes of rescuing any more survivors diminish every hour. heartbreaking scenes of suffering and loss are playing out across this shell-shocked nation as it reels from its deadliest natural disaster in more than 80 years. as the country coped with the fallout of the quake , another natural disaster struck tuesday afternoon in a popular trekking area north of kathmandu , and up to 200 people were feared missing as a result of a landslide , a trekking association official said.
victoria beckham did it. and now the australian it crowd are following in their footsteps by taking their children along to mercedes-benz fashion week. the offspring of some of sydney 's style set have been front and centre at the catwalk presentations of ellery , alice mccall and maticevski - highly-coveted tickets that many fully grown adults failed to snag an invitation to. scroll down for video. front row kids ! the australian fashion crowd are following in the footsteps of the beckhams and kimye by bringing their children to fashion week. trendsetters : david beckham with daughter harper during victoria beckham show at mercedes-benz fashion week 2014.
a youngster admiring his catch was left surprised when the fish jumped up and slapped him in the face. quinn patrick was on a fishing trip with his dad at snow lake , indiana when the pair caught a bowfin , videoed lying lifeless on a concrete dock. when suddenly the bowfin propels itself from the ground and slaps the youngster straight in the face with its large tail. the sound of the fish making impact with the youngster 's face is not dissimilar to a sound effect used in a cartoon. recoiling , quinn stumbles backwards in shock as his dad begins laughing -- prompting the youngster to laugh along with him.
ahead of this weekend 's premier league action , sportsmail will be providing you with all you need to know about every fixture , with team news , provisional squads , betting odds and opta stats. here is all the information you need for leicester 's home clash with west ham ... leicester city vs west ham united -lrb- king power stadium -rrb-. leicester city. matt upson is out of leicester 's clash with west ham as the rock-bottom foxes continue their fight for survival. the defender limped off in their 4-3 defeat by tottenham before the international break with an achilles problem and will not be risked.
britt mchenry has marked her return to work by apologizing for her ` hurtful ' actions and has asked fans for a second chance. the disgraced espn reporter was behind the mic covering the nhl stanley cup playoff game between the new york islanders and washington capitals. the 29-year-old was suspended for a week footage emerged showing her unleash a vicious verbal attack on a single mother-of-three at a towing firm. scroll down for video. return : disgraced espn reporter britt mchenry was behind the mic covering the nhl stanley cup playoff game between the new york islanders and washington capitols.
as a childhood friend of pop star ed sheeran it would be understandable if jonny may felt like singing the blues with the memory of being dropped by england still painfully fresh in his mind. just a couple of months after scoring a sensational first international try against new zealand , may was axed for striking the wrong note by ignoring an overlap in england 's six nations win over italy. with a mother who taught sheeran to play the guitar as a youngster , learning lessons has never been a problem for the 25-year-old may , who insists the best years of his rugby life are ahead of him.
mike holpin has three 48in widescreen televisions dotted around his monmouthshire council house , each connected to his three # 450 ps4 consoles all funded by his state handouts. his 40 children by 20 women have cost the taxpayer more than # 4million in benefits and care costs , with at least 16 taken off him and their mothers by social services. ' i wo n't stop ' : father of 40 mike holpin , left and right with his fiancée diane , is said to have cost taxpayers # 4.3 million in benefits and other costs because of his huge family.
the impeccably kept grounds included perfectly trimmed lawns , bronze sculptures -lrb- including a scarecrow based on blanc himself -rrb- , pathways lined with lavender and the walled organic kitchen garden - which supplies the restaurant with seasonal herbs , salads and vegetables. lucy verasamy proudly shows one of the healthy and tasty dishes created at le manoir aux quat ` saisons. raymond blanc pays a surprise visit to the cooking school that bares his name in his oxford manor house. le manoir 's restaurant has held two michelin stars for the best part of the 30 years since it opened.
real madrid ace gareth bale treated himself to a sunday evening bbq after his earlier exploits had helped los blancos on their way to a sensational victory. the welsh wizard was in fine form for his country during the international break , scoring twice and assisting another in an impressive win victory in israel. and the former tottenham hotspur certainly kept that impressive run going as he opened the scoring in real madrid 's impressive 9-1 victory against granada. gareth bale tweeted : ` unbelievable result this afternoon , great team performance. ' gareth bale rounds granada goalkeeper oier olazabal to open the scoring during the la liga.
anti-hillary clinton street art emerged in brooklyn just hours before clinton 's presidential candidacy announcement on sunday. the signs feature portraits of clinton with phrases including ` dont say secretive ' , ` do n't say entitled ' and ` do n't say ambitious '. the street art appears to be a dig at a group of clinton supporters who said it would be on the look out for evidence of sexism in reporting about the democratic politician , according to the weekly standard. the descriptive terms that clinton 's fan club said it does not want applied to their candidate include ` polarizing , calculating , disingenuous , insincere , ambitious , inevitable , entitled ' and ` over confident.
a mother was left in shock after her four-year-old daughter discovered a four-foot snake in the bath - just a week after moving into the house. michelle woods , from norton in teesside , was told by her daughter elisha mann that ` something was moving ' in the bath. the four-foot red and orange corn snake , which michelle woods discovered slithering around in the bathroom of her new home. she believes it may belong to the property 's previous tenant. ` but then i looked up and i was face-to-face with a snake. i nearly jumped out of my skin and slammed the door shut.
a young fisherman in thailand reeled in the catch of the day after hooking a fish with a plastic toy fishing rod -- but was the achievement just a hoax ? captured standing on the bank of what appears to be a lake , the youngster -- with a big grin on his face -- holds onto a tiny blue and yellow fishing rod. approaching the water , the young boy reels rapidly , but at this point it is n't clear whether or not he has hooked anything. he then crouches down by the side of the water and moves his rod from side to side -- tension on the end of it is now visible.
firefighters tackling a huge blaze at an oxford hotel saved a couple 's wedding when they salvaged their rings and the bride 's dress from the charred building yesterday. lauren halliday and steven smith feared they would have to get married in their jeans after they were evacuated from the randolph hotel on friday. the ceremony went ahead at st edmund hall in the city. eighty guests fled the fire at the 119-bedroom hotel , which featured in tv 's inspector morse. eighty guests fled the fire at the 119-bedroom hotel , which featured in tv 's inspector morse. seventy firefighters fought the blaze and the damage was expected to run into hundreds of thousands of pounds.
images revealing the shocking extent of gender stereotyping in toy shops have been posted online under the hashtag #notanaprilfools. the pictures show a wide divide between the aspirations set out for girls and boys , with females offered pink beautician 's outfits while males are offered doctor 's uniforms. the fancy dress options for girls and boys hint at very different future careers. the #notanaprilfools feed , which was launched by campaign group let toys be toys , is based on the idea that the toys are so ridiculous that they must be a joke. the images sparked a furious response from twitter users , with several getting in touch to complain about the gender stereotyping.
police believe they are on the verge of solving a brutal cold case murder that occurred 35 years ago. ronda blaylock was just 14-years-old in 1980 when she and a friend took a ride home from a stranger after finishing the day at atkins high school in rural hall , north carolina - a town so quaint and wholesome that it was the model for the fictional mayberry in ` the andy griffith show. three days later , her partially clothed body was discovered in a heavily wooded area almost 20 miles away from the bowling alley parking lot where she and her friend had hitched a ride.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- universal 's `` furious 7 '' is about to make history. `` furious 7 '' -- the final film from the late paul walker -- is expected to gross $ 115 million or more when opening at the north american box office this weekend , the top showing ever for an april title , not accounting for inflation.domestically , it is getting the widest release in universal 's history with a theater count of roughly 4,003 -lrb- including imax locations -rrb- , eclipsing `` despicable me 2 '' -lrb- 3,956 -rrb-. overseas , the movie is also poised to do massive business , putting its global debut north of $ 250 million.
but that did not stop the palestinian youngster , dressed in full combat gear , from attempting to pelt israeli police with stones during violent clashes on the west bank. the bemused officers , equipped with helmets and body armour , calmly watched as the child launched his own assault before racing away. the incident raised fears that palestinian children are being encouraged to mimic and glorify violence. david and goliath battle : a five-year-old palestinian boy pelted the israeli police with stones as violence erupted during a rally in the northern west bank. the dark-haired child , dressed in combat gear , raced back to safety after launching a series of missiles at around six heavily armed officers.
a medal-winning olympic gymnast of course ... and even a strictly come dancing champion. however , it appears the athlete , 25 , is gaining expertise in an area previously dominated by queen of the ` belfie ' , kim kardashian. yes , louis smith , mbe , is now also very good at exciting his fans with selfies. if you 've got it , flaunt it : former olympic gymnast , louis smith , is constantly sharing images of his honed torso with an endless stream of topless selfies on instagram. the strictly come dancing star shot to fame after winning both a bronze and silver medal at the 2012 london olympic games.
it 's that time of the season when premier league footballers cast their vote for the pfa players ' player of the year. last year 's winner luis suarez now resides in spain , so , too , does 2013 victor gareth bale. here , sportsmail runs you through the six leading contenders ... name : harry kane. club : tottenham. stats : apps 44 , goals 29. striker harry kane has hit an astonishing 29 goals in 44 games for tottenham so far this season. kane -lrb- second right -rrb- has twice been named player of the month during his breakthrough campaign.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- tejano star selena , who died 20 years ago , is coming back in a big way : with a hologram-like figure. billboard reports that the singer 's family is creating a version of the singer that will be `` walking , talking , singing and dancing digital embodiment '' of her persona. `` by no means is this something that 's creepy or weird , '' her sister , suzette quintanilla , told billboard. a lot of the new fans that did not get to experience what selena was about hopefully will be able to get a sense of her with this new technology that 's going to be coming out.
sometimes strong-willed children can prove a challenge to parents , especially when it comes to doing what they 're told. but when her father tells her to clean up her mess , she vehemently refuses with a heated - and rather cute - argument ensuing. standing in a frilly skirt with her arms crossed , catalina answers back at her father in a bid to get him to do the cleaning. ' i already cleaned the kitchen , no it 's your turn , i 'm not picking up your mess , ' her elder firmly responds. at one point catalina hits her father 's leg in frustration.
but in the world of mobile phones , where roaming means using your device abroad , that approach is unwise. making calls , downloading emails and browsing the internet when in another country can result in very large bills. its customers can call and text uk numbers and use data in some countries at no extra cost to their uk price plans. three is the only operator to offer this arrangement , which it calls feel at home. with spain and new zealand added earlier this month , it now applies in 18 countries. elsewhere , it covers australia , the united states , hong kong , macau , indonesia , sri lanka and israel.
the fierce rivalry between bayern munich and borussia dortmund has dominated german football for much of the past decade , reaching its crescendo when the two titans met in the 2013 champions league final at wembley. for a while , der klassiker represented the pinnacle of european football. briefly , it carried as much relevance on the continental stage as el clasico between barcelona and real madrid - maybe even more. pierre-emerick aubameyang of borussia dortmund looks dejected after robert lewandowski of bayern munich scored an equaliser during der klassiker between the teams at the allianz arena in november. arjen robben eventually grabbed the winner five minutes from time as bayern defeated dortmund 2-1.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- when bruce jenner told abc 's diane sawyer and the world on friday night that `` yes , for all intents and purposes , i 'm a woman , '' the declaration was n't particularly surprising. paparazzi have been stalking the former olympic champion for months , breathlessly documenting his increasingly feminine appearance down to his lip gloss , pierced ears and french manicure. of course , jenner 's family owned the moment , being the reality tv mavens they are -- the jenners and the kardashians. `` so very proud of you , my hero , '' tweeted daughter kendall jenner.
an unknown englishman playing in his first pga tour event will have the chance to complete an unbelievable fairytale at the shell houston open on sunday and earn the most unlikely invitation to the masters. surrey-born kelvin day has only played a handful of events on the subsidiary circuit , the web.com tour but decided to enter qualifying for the houston event. this is a real 36 hole lottery where 131 players were fighting for the final four spots. it was a decent achievement in itself to make the halfway cut , and it earned him a third round draw alongside two rather more famous englishmen in paul casey and justin rose.
it is not often you hear this said but the goalkeeper really should have scored. deep in injury time , with blackburn 's fa cup journey about to end , simon eastwood appeared for a corner and found the ball at his feet as it dropped from a jumble of players 12 yards out. he should have scored. as it happened , his right-foot shot on the turn was struck well enough but it was straight at liverpool goalkeeper simon mignolet , who managed to parry the ball and then grab it as it threatened to spin over the line. he is a goalkeeper.
it is legendary now that when the spanish national team was coming to the boil and about to scald world football for six years , la roja 's own fans did n't even know the water was hot. because they left spanish soil having eked out two single-goal wins , over peru and the usa , the booing , whistling and jeering which had pursued them around the peninsula for two years was the last thing they heard before heading off to win euro 2008. three trophies later , the senior team is finally in search of a reboot. the transition from excellent to elderly is never fun.
police in surrey are hunting two raiders who stripped off their tops during the hottest day of the year before holding up an esso petrol station. these bare-chested men had stripped off before raiding a petrol station on the hottest day of the years so far and were caught on camera. police in surrey have released cctv of the two raiders who stripped-off their shirts before attempting to rob the esso filling station in town end caterham , surrey early last wednesday evening. the men forced their way into the manager 's office of the filling station in caterham , pictured , looking for cash.
jose mourinho resisted the temptation until someone mentioned defending. arsene wenger had been talking about how it was easier to set up a team designed primarily to defend , just as brendan rodgers had ventured after chelsea 's victory at liverpool , last year. ` it 's not easy , not easy , ' said mourinho. ` if it was easy , you would n't lose 3-1 at home to monaco. if he defends well he draws 0-0 against monaco and wins in monte carlo. ' jose mourinho hit back at arsene wenger during his pre-match press conference on friday. arsene wenger -lrb- left -rrb- and mourinho have over a decade of history in the premier league.
a. alfred taubman , the self-made michigan billionaire whose philanthropy and business success -- including weaving the enclosed shopping mall into american culture -- was clouded by a criminal conviction late in his career , has died aged 91. taubman , who donated hundreds of millions of dollars to universities , hospitals and museums , died friday night at his home of a heart attack , according to son robert s. taubman , president and ceo of taubman centers , inc.. dead at 91 : real estate mogul and michigan billionaire a. alfred taubman died on friday night at his home after a heart attack.
robert kennedy jr has apologized for describing the number of children injured by vaccines as ' a holocaust '. the nephew of president john f kennedy used the term last week during the screening of a film that links autism to a chemical found in several childhood vaccinations - despite evidence to the contrary. back track : robert kennedy jr has apologized for comparing vaccinated children to holocaust victims. kennedy said he had been struggling for a way to convey the effects of autism on children and their families. ' i want to apologize to all whom i offended by my use of the word holocaust to describe the autism epidemic , ' kennedy said in a statement.
simply put , i have a better life now than i did before. here 's my story. it all started late last year when i lost my job in dubai. my work visa had expired , and i had nowhere else to go. i 'm syrian , and returning to syria was n't an option -- going back means you either have to kill or be killed. while in istanbul , i discovered many facebook pages about illegal smuggling from turkey to italy by sea. all of them mentioned that mersin , a port city on the southern border , was the jump off point , so i made my way there.
the last two weeks have showcased all that is best about lewis hamilton. he has driven supremely well , gaining the congratulations of the man he hopes to emulate as a triple world champion , sir jackie stewart. but seeing the two men on the podium -- one as the winner of the bahrain grand prix , the other conducting the post-race interviews -- was a reminder of what differentiates them as individuals as well as what binds them together as exceptional grand prix drivers. lewis hamilton is interviewed by three-time world champion sir jackie stewart after the bahrain grand prix.
our journey to argeles-sur-mer on france 's mediterranean coast went without a hitch , despite being in the minority of travellers flying , then hiring a car , rather than driving all the way. but the fatal decision was to try and wash the children , toddler joe and five-year-old anna , after arriving in a tired and tetchy state at camping la chapelle. chris greenwood stayed at camping la chappelle with his wife , catherine , and children , joe and anna. families congregated around the pools every afternoon for relief from the august heat. minutes later he had showed me the error of my ways in the way that only toddlers can.
ahead of this weekend 's premier league action , sportsmail will be providing you with all you need to know about every fixture , with team news , provisional squads , betting odds and opta stats. here is all the information you need for arsenal 's home clash with liverpool ... arsenal vs liverpool -lrb- emirates stadium -rrb-. arsenal. arsenal forward danny welbeck will face a fitness test on the knee injury picked up during international duty with england ahead of saturday 's barclays premier league clash against liverpool. club captain mikel arteta , full-back mathieu debuchy , midfielders abou diaby and jack wilshere all stepped up their rehabilitation in a friendly match on tuesday , so will be assessed.
the nypd detective caught on video screaming at an uber driver has apologized in a televised interview. detective patrick cherry was stripped of his shield and gun and will be placed on administrative duty following the outburst which was viewed more than three million times on youtube. reacting to the mass outcry , cherry appears on nbc 4 new york on friday night to say : ' i apologize. there was no intention to berate or hurt deeply the driver. ' scroll down for video. apology : detective patrick cherry appears on nbc tonight to ` sincerely apologize ' for shouting at an uber driver.
relief : chrystie crownover told gma on monday that she watched her ex-husband , bruce jenner 's dramatic abc diane sawyer interview with the olympic athlete and their children. bruce jenner 's first wife has shared the emotional moment her ex-husband told her he wanted to be a woman and how she kept his secret for 43-years. speaking to gma in a tearful interview , chrystie crownover , the daughter of a mormon minister , told how the olympic champion first opened up to her when they married in 1972. ` he opened up his heart and confessed he had to share this deep dark secret.
a photograph has been snapped of a man-sized kangaroo flexing his massive guns while hugging a soft toy bunny. roger , an alpha male at the alice springs kangaroo sanctuary in the northern territory , was gifted his new friend by a fan. sanctuary manager chris barnes said the kangaroo quickly became attached to the bunny , but soon tired of it. alpha kangaroo roger cuddles up to his new soft toy bunny while showing off his massive guns. ` roger received the bunny from a fan. ` when i gave it to him he snatched it off me really quickly and proceeded to attack it , giving it a `` bear hug '' and wrestling it , even hugging it and kicking out as he would do in kick boxing match , he 's an expert kick boxer.
posters promoting a ` straight pride ' week at a northeast ohio university were removed this week after student leaders determined that the message went beyond free speech. youngstown state university student government leaders said they decided to remove the posters , which were hung on around campus earlier this week , after consulting with university officials. posters promoting a ` straight pride ' week were removed from campus after student leaders said that they went ` way further than a free speech issue ' they encouraged students to ` go about your day without telling everyone about how ` different ' you are ' , according to wkbn.
wisconsin 's frank kaminsky has brushed off the obsenity and racial slur that kentucky guard andrew harrison directed at him during a postgame news conference at the final four. harrison muttered ` f *** that n **** ' into a live microphone when another player was asked a question about kaminsky after kentucky lost 71-64 to the badgers saturday. the loss ruined the wildcats ' undefeated season ; they finished 38-1. harrison has since apologized for his comment. ' scroll down for video. offensive : university of kentucky guard andrew harrison found himself in hot water last night when he directed a racial slur at a university of wisconsin player , at a press conference following the wildcats 71-64 loss.
the bruno smartcan is said to be the first internet connected combined kitchen bin and vacuum cleaner. using sensors on the front of the bin , it is able to sense when dust and debris from the kitchen floor is swept towards it with a brush , turning on a vacuum to suck up the offending mess. the bruno smartcan -lrb- pictured -rrb- uses sensors to detect when you want the lid to open or when dirt has been swept close so it can activate its integrated vacuum. it also has an integrated bag store and charging cord. bruno comes with an integrated bag dispenser that additionally sends alerts to a smartphone when the owner is getting low on bags , and it can send reminders when it is time to take out the rubbish.
canadian actor jonathan crombie died on wednesday night in new york after suffering a brain hemorrhage. anne of green gables actor jonathan crombie died of a brain hemorrhage , aged 48. the actor is best known for his role as gilbert blythe in the canadian television drama film anne of green gables and two sequels. toronto-born crombie died on wednesday in new york , his sister carrie crombie told cbc on saturday. ` he was funny , he was sweet , he loved acting , he loved comedy and singing and dancing. crombie , who was the son for former toronto mayor and canadian cabinet minister david crombie , was never screen-tested for the show.
however in central china , mother nature recently appeared to lend a helping hand by giving locals what could be the world 's largest ` wi-fi cloud '. a cloud formation resembling the wi-fi symbol appeared recently in the sky of xiangtan city in hunan province , the people 's daily online reports. god 's router ? a cloud formation resembling the wi-fi symbol appeared in central china last week. the global wi-fi symbol has one dot and three curved lines radiating from it. shi chao , a student at the hunan university of science and technology , saw the cloud - which appeared to perfectly mimick the global symbol for wifi - on his way from to the library around 7pm last friday.
a glamour model who showcases her curves in glossy magazines around the world has a new thrill-inducing hobby - freestyle skydiving. now the brunette , who has modelled for playboy , gq , esquire and maxim and has 35 cover shoots under her belt , is a pro who teaches other adrenaline junkies how to jump from a plane , thousands of feet in the air. scroll down for video. anais zanotti strikes a pose , combining her two jobs : bikini modelling and skydiving. the st tropez-born model moved to the us to become a glossy magazine bikini model. ` if i am having a bad day at work i just forget about it when i open my parachute.
-lrb- the hollywood reporter -rrb- stan freberg , whose freewheeling comic career in advertising garnered him worldwide acclaim and whose satirical entertainments abounded on tv , the radio and on records , has died. freberg died of natural causes at a santa monica hospital , his son and daughter , donavan and donna freberg , confirmed to the hollywood reporter. `` he was and will always be my hero , and i will carry his brilliant legacy forward as best i am able , '' his son wrote on facebook. the godfather of humorous and irreverent commercials , freberg lampooned cultural institutions and described himself as a `` guerilla satirist.
liverpool are showing interest in borussia dortmund striker ciro immobile. the italy international has not had the best of times in the bundesliga following his move from torino last summer and dortmund are willing to sell. immobile fits the profile of player liverpool want. his goals ratio has dropped at dortmund but he has still managed nine goals in a troubled season for the team. ciro immobile -lrb- left -rrb- of dortmund has struggled in germany and is wanted by liverpool to boost their attack. immobile -lrb- left -rrb- was signed by jurgen klopp -lrb- centre -rrb- from torino but could be on the move again.
it is matches like this that makes one wonder just how good gael monfils could have been ; and perhaps how good he still can be. the frenchman is sometimes fantastic , often frustrating and always flamboyant but he brought all the good parts of his game to bear as he knocked roger federer out of the monte carlo masters 6-4 , 7-6 in a thrilling last-16 encounter. monfils displayed the breathtaking athleticism that can make novak djokovic look sluggish and the shotmaking that can make andy murray seem conventional. gael monfils celebrates after beating roger federer in straight sets at the monte carlo masters.
ronny deila insists celtic will not risk their champions league aspirations by embarking on another gruelling pre-season travel schedule. the norwegian blamed last summer 's money-spinning programme of games in the united states , austria , germany for a damaging 4-1 qualifying defeat to legia warsaw. celtic command lucrative fees for pre-season commitments and have also taken on trips to australia and the far east in recent seasons. ronny deila and nir bitton walk off the pitch after losing to legia warsaw in champions league qualifying. with # 16million on offer just for returning to the champions league group stages , however , deila says he has the blessing of chief executive peter lawwell to scale down this summer 's commitments.
pope francis is presiding over a good friday torchlight procession at the colosseum this evening - and is using the service to stress the persecution of christians. the pope has repeatedly lamented christian suffering in the middle east , africa and elsewhere. reflecting this concern , among those chosen to take turns carrying the cross in the way of the cross procession in the ancient arena were faithful from iraq , syria , nigeria , egypt and china. pope francis prays in front of the colosseum during the via crucis -lrb- way of the cross -rrb- torchlight procession. a cross inside the colosseum before the start of the procession - which commemorates the crucifixion.
atlanta -lrb- cnn -rrb- `` do you use toilet paper ? '' that 's the question 26-year-old anamarie shreeves receives most often. the small amount of waste shreeves does create goes straight into a 32-ounce mason jar that sits three-quarters full right next to her kitchen sink. this is all the waste she has collected in nearly half a year. six month 's worth of garbage for shreeves is similar to what the average person generates in half a day. a maryland native , shreeves considered herself an `` earth advocate '' from a fairly young age. shreeves began her journey into zero-waste living two years ago.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- criminal justice reform is rapidly becoming one of the few bipartisan issues of our time. america has the highest incarceration rate in the world , with 5 % of the world 's population and 25 % of its prisoners. nearly 2 1/2 million americans are in prison. over 65 million people , or 20 % of the country , have criminal records. most disturbingly , nearly 40 % of our country 's prisoners are african-americans , who only make up 13 % of the general population. the federal criminal code includes over 4,500 laws and counting , not to mention government regulations for which there are criminal penalties.
she has already taken the modelling world by storm , being snapped up to front campaigns for the upside , myer , berlei and asos , to name a few. and now like megan gale , jennifer hawkins and elle macpherson before her , plus-size queen laura wells has turned her hand to designing. the brunette bombshell has launched a new swimwear line with a twist - the eco-friendly collection is made entirely of 100 per cent recycled material. scroll down for video. curves to coral : model and environmental scientist laura wells uses figure to flaunt ocean inspired swimwear. the environmental scientist turned model designed the line in collaboration with us brand swimsuits for all 's trend range , swimsexy.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- rebekah gregory blinked back tears as she thought about the verdict. it had been almost two years since dzhokhar tsarnaev and his brother planted bombs at the boston marathon , setting off deadly explosions that wounded her and hundreds of others. in court last month , she testified that one of the blasts on that day in 2013 left her lying in the street , staring at her own bones. now , jurors have found him guilty on all 30 counts he faced for the deadly bombings and their aftermath. `` i do n't believe that there will ever be justice brought to this , no mater if he does get the death penalty or he remains in prison for the rest of his life , '' she said , crying as she spoke to reporters outside her texas home.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- the public outrage over the `` religious freedom '' bills recently passed in arkansas and indiana caught the governors of those states completely off-guard , judging by their confused and contradictory responses. as poll watchers , they surely knew that most americans now oppose the discriminatory laws and practices they accepted as normal only a dozen years ago. but the politicians underestimated the pushback organized by local and national businesses , including companies with no previous record of public support for social equality. for the past three decades , socially conservative evangelicals and pro-business interests have been powerfully allied against government regulations , environmental initiatives and social welfare programs , while supporting lower taxes for the wealthy and pushing back against the growing diversity in america 's population.
paris in the spring is the time for lounging on blankets in a park while taking in the spectacular views , sipping on local wine and nibbling on a fresh baguette and ripe camembert. paris picnics saves its customers from the hassle of trawling through the marché by delivering a freshly-prepared lunch to wherever they are in the city. visitors or locals can select made-to-order picnic baskets filled with wine , baguettes , cheese and crisps. customers can pick from one of the four picnic options on offer and order online. le classique picnic , which costs $ 55 -lrb- # 40 -rrb- for two people , comes with a choice of wine , baguettes , an assortment of cheeses , charcuterie , gourmet crisps , fresh fruit , a green salad , water and a seasonal dessert.
south korean prosecutors on wednesday indicted a man who slashed the u.s. ambassador in seoul last month on charges of attempted murder. kim ki-jong , 55 , was also indicted wednesday on charges of assaulting a foreign envoy and obstruction , according to an official at the seoul central district prosecutors ' office , who did not want to be named , citing department rules. on monday , the recovering diplomat , mark lippert , was pictured out on the streets of seoul flanked by five bodyguards. south korean law requires the trial to start within 14 days , and there is a possibility that it could start as early as next week , according to an official at the seoul central district court , who did n't want to be named , citing office rules.
now , the sweeping documentary series ` planet earth ' is getting a sequel. the filmmakers said they plan to use the latest digital camera technology as they venture from the planet 's ice caps to ocean depths to deserts and remote forests. scroll down for video of the original planet earth. this photo provided by netflix and wwf-international shows an aerial view of hardy reef , home to the heart reef , in the great barrier reef , australia , an area which will be included in the netflix natural history series , ` our planet , ' in collaboration with silverback films and wwf.
so said robert streeter and robert hoehn , two self-styled intelligence experts in the thirties , who set out to discover clever people by publishing a book posing devilishly difficult brain-teasers for members of the general public. now their book has been republished and here we offer you a selection of its tortuous tests -- so you can discover if you are a genius ... a book designed to discover clever people in the 1930s has been republished and is full of tricky questions and brain-teasers. the answers can be found at the bottom of the page. 1. rearrange the following letters so as to make the name of a living creature :.
a nebraska man has found an innovative way to make his craigslist ad stand out by shooting a commercial for the car he is trying to sell. django greenblatt-seay , 33 , said he decided to make the video for the 2002 ford taurus , which he is selling for $ 3,000 , because he thought it would help spike people 's interest. ` while the 2002 ford taurus is a fine car , it 's not exactly exciting with just a couple of photos on craigslist on its own , ' he told the daily mail online. ' django greenblatt-seay , 33 , made a craigslist ad for his 2002 ford taurus stand out by filming a commercial for the car he is selling for $ 3,000.
pope francis has angered the turkish government by describing the mass-murders of up to 1.5 million armenians in 1915 as ` the first. sunday , prompting turkey to summon the holy see 's ambassador in. ankara in protest. turkey told the vatican ambassador it was ` deeply sorry and disappointed ' in pope francis , adding that his comments had caused a ` problem of trust '. scroll down for video. turkey said pope francis has caused a ` problem of trust ' after describing the mass-murders of up to 1.5 million armenians by ottoman turks in 1915 as ` the first genocide of the 20th century ' while turkey accepts that many armenians died in.
so avril lavigne started visiting specialists , but no one could help her out. turns out the complicated hit maker was suffering from lyme disease , which yolanda foster of the real housewives of beverly hills and eighties pop icon debbie gibson also have. struggling : avril lavigne told abc news on thursday that she had a hard time getting diagnosed for lyme disease. she is pictured here at her 30th birthday party in las vegas when she was fully suffering the effects. the blonde first shared the news with people magazine in early april that she had been out of the public eye - and was bedridden for five months - because she was trying to recover from the disease.
this is the moment that a crew of firefighters struggled to haul a giant pig out of a garden swimming pool. the prize porker , known as pigwig , had fallen into the pool in an upmarket neighbourhood in ringwood , hampshire. his owners had been taking him for a walk around the garden when the animal plunged into the water and was unable to get out. a team from dorset fire and rescue struggled to haul the huge black pig out of swimming pool water. two fire crews and a specialist animal rescue team had to use slide boards and strops to haul the huge black pig from the small pool.
the philippine army has released new photographs of chinese construction work in disputed waters in the south china sea as it launched giant war games with the united states involving 11,500 personnel that were partly aimed at warning china. the philippines voiced alarm about chinese ` aggressiveness ' in the area as it launched the balikatan 2015 joint philippines and us military exercises. aquino is set to ask southeast asian leaders to issue a collective. he said recently that china 's actions in the region could lead to military conflict. the aerial images show intense recent chinese construction over seven reefs and shoals in the spratly archipelago of the flashpoint south china sea.
the wi has been told it must pay the royal albert hall thousands of pounds if it wants to serve the cakes to 5,000 women attending centenary celebrations at the venue in june. for days on end , two of its members slaved away baking enough cakes to feed 5,000 women attending the wi 's centenary celebrations at the royal albert hall in june. but the wi has now been told it must pay the venue thousands of pounds to serve the cakes. ' claire hope , 35 , a member of her local wi group in dorking , surrey , added : ` it seems rather petty.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- the idea of sustainable development is that raw capitalism is far too powerful for its own good. global capitalism is a juggernaut , with the world economy now doubling in size every generation. sustainable development offers a path out of this growing crisis. the reality is that raw capitalism is the economics of greed. unleash greed , the theory goes , and type-a personalities around the world will spend inordinate energy to organize businesses , invent new products , and thereby raise well-being. after all , the world economy has expanded at least 100-fold since modern industrial capitalism first found its footing in britain around 1800 , and for most of the world , living standards have risen markedly along the way.
a california homeowners ' surveillance video captured footage of three burglars who broke into their house , including one who stared directly at the camera. in the video , released by the los angeles police department , two men and one woman can be seen entering a san fernando valley home in the mid-afternoon. say cheese ! this young burglar stared right into a security camera and he and two pals robbed a home in los angeles - making off with a large safe and multiple guns. a california homeowner 's surveillance video captured footage of three burglars , two men and one woman , who broke into their los angeles home mid-afternoon.
a new york city skin clinic 's popular new laser treatment promises to tighten skin and improve complexion - if clients are brave enough to sign a waiver releasing their personal information to a funeral director and a coroner first. manhattan-based skin laundry says that after just ten minutes , their light and laser procedure will leave your skin ` glowing ' , while also promising that long-term use will reduce wrinkles , clear acne , and minimize scarring. scroll down for video. risky regimen : to get skin laundry 's popular laser facial , clients must sign a waiver that releases their personal information to a funeral director and a coroner.
somehow , to the backdrop of supporter unrest , protests and a worst-ever start to a premier league season , alan pardew managed to excavate five straight victories from a newcastle side which ranks as their most uninspiring of recent years. many fans may be loath to admit as much -- others readily do -- but without that freakish run manufactured by an embattled pardew , they would be headed for a second relegation in seven seasons. alan pardew 's five-game winning run was crucial to newcastle 's season , who would only be on 20 points. newcastle 's fans protested for the board to sack pardew as manager and were delighted when he resigned.
when a rubber dinghy carrying around 100 african refugees across the mediterranean began to sink , a nigerian christian prayed for his life in an innocent act that would end in the deaths of 12 fellow migrants. ' when he refused , a violent fight ensued and 12 christians drowned when they were thrown overboard by the muslim refugees. the tragic news comes amid reports that an unprecedented 10,000 refugees fleeing war and persecution in africa have been rescued by italian ships in the past week. scroll down for videos. desperate : nigerian muslims on a dinghy carrying around 100 african refugees across the mediterranean became angry when one christian passenger began praying for his life -lrb- refugees in sicily pictured -rrb-.
in february , when lady gaga went on stage at the oscars , millions of viewers in more than 200 countries saw her perform a tribute to the sound of music to mark its 50th anniversary. in los angeles there was a standing ovation when the original star , julie andrews , came on stage. however , one country was left baffled : austria , where the movie was set and filmed. each year , 300,000 people come to salzburg to soak up the magic and visit the locations of the film -- it 's the reason three-quarters of all tourists head to the city.
scroll down for video. a 1921 application form to join the racist ku klux klan organisation has emerged. the form was purchased at an ephemera show -- where collectibles are sold -- by delaware rare book dealer ian brabner , whose firm , rare americana , buys and sells 18th to early 20th century rare books and historical manuscripts. in a blog post brabner explained that the numbers ` 8-2-21 ' in the top left corner of the unused form would have stood for the date -- august 2 , 1921. he wrote : ` you can assume there 's a fair amount of xenophobic sentiment and anxiety about the waves of immigration to america , in 1921 , post world-war one.
hillary clinton embraced the federal recognition of same-sex marriage today , saying through a spokesperson she believes it should be a ` constitutional right. ' the former obama administration official endorsed gay marriage in 2013 after she left the state department , saying she ` was fully in support of gay marriage and that it is now continuing to proceed state-by-state. now a presidential candidate , clinton today gave same-sex marriage her complete backing ahead of the presentation later this month of oral arguments in several cases before the supreme court on the matter. scroll down for video. now a presidential candidate , clinton today gave same-sex marriage her complete backing.
' ms gerhardt chose to employ the same initiatives she teaches to young children through her melbourne company , kidproof safety , and completely ignore the bully. ` but i tell the children to instead follow ` ice ' and ignore , communicate and exit. an internet troll often trawls through social media , hunting for victims , while a ` flamer ' -lrb- like in ms gerhardt 's case -rrb- waits for the victim to contact them and unleashes a hateful response. ms gerhardt tells her students that by ignoring , the bully is being frozen in their tracks with nowhere to go.
-lsb- breaking news update at 11:45 p.m. et -rsb-. two african-americans -- ella jones and wesley bell -- were elected to the ferguson city council on tuesday , meaning three of the six council members are black. -lsb- previous story , published at 6:52 p.m. et -rsb-. amid the rain , ferguson opened its polls at 6 a.m. for municipal elections that traditionally have drawn very few out to vote. this was the first city election since white police officer darren wilson shot and killed unarmed black teenager michael brown last august. since then , this st. louis suburb of 21,000 people has gone through epic upheaval with revelations of systemic discrimination against african-americans by law enforcement and the courts.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- sen. elizabeth warren insists she 's not running for president. but her description of a 2016 `` dream '' presidential candidate sounds a lot like , well , her. warren , during an appearance friday on cnn 's `` new day , '' said she wanted to see someone willing to fight for the middle class and `` make washington work for families again. '' warren says she feels that washington functions well for special interest groups and the well-connected but leaves out the rest of the nation. '' warren , a massachusetts democrat , also got specific with her wish list , mentioning that a candidate willing to lower the interest rates on student loans and shore up social security would get high marks from her.
scott dann was a fraction offside when he set up glenn murray for palace 's first goal -lrb- 2 -rrb- , but it would be harsh to put too much blame on assistant john brooks. he was spot on with two equally tight calls in the same move -- before dann got the ball -lrb- 1 -rrb- and for murray 's finish -lrb- 3 -rrb-.
rock hudson once called him his ` one true love , ' and now lee garlington is opening up about his three year relationship with the iconic hollywood actor - and the lengths they went to in order to keep his sexuality a secret. garlington says he was an extra on a movie set when he first decided to check out hudson , having heard rumors the star was gay , but had to wait an entire year until he heard from the star. scroll down for video. lee garlington is opening up about his secret gay relationship with hollywood star rock hudson -lrb- above with james dean and elizabeth taylor on the set of giant -rrb-.
with rigorous grooming regimes and instagram filters , it seems that some celebrities are on a constant mission to stay forever young - and succeeding. from child actors that swiftly deteriorated in the lime light or golden hollywood stars that have greyed with time , femail rounds up the celebrities that have aged terribly. lindsay lohan. the child actress shot to fame as a freckle-faced darling in classics such as the parent trap , freaky friday and mean girls , but despite showing much promise , the now 28-year-old began to experience regular run-ins with the law and started appearing on headlines for the wrong reasons.
dubai is renowned as the playground of the rich and famous. despite the restrictions of local religious laws , the champagne-fuelled party life has come to somewhat define dubai as a holiday destination. dubai : it 's still ` bling ' but the natural habitat of the mega-wealthy has a developing cultural underside. because of this , i have always regarded this uae state as the natural habitat for the types of mega-wealthy who like to splash their cash ; premier league footballers , nightclub owners , rappers and reality tv stars - the rooneys and the cast of the only way is essex will continue to flock to dubai.
in the australian outback , if you want to get up-close and personal with a mob of local emus , you need a guide who will get down and dirty ... apparently. in a video posted online by youtube user ratbag nomad , one man , referred to as australianwidefishingguide , shows tourists how it 's done. emus are notoriously curious flightless birds of australia. as the tour guide started peddling his legs slowly in the air , the mob of emus started coming closer. the video , filmed from a vehicle on an empty dirt road in the bush , shows the guide lying down on his back and kicking his legs in the air to lure a mob of emus in the distance.
but analysis of popular search terms on google has revealed the areas around the world that seem to be most concerned with sexually transmitted diseases. by far , the most searched for term globally is hiv and aids , followed by herpes and then human papilloma virus -lrb- hpv -rrb- which can cause cervical cancer. the map above shows the countries in europe with the highest and second highest number of searches per capita for different sexually transmitted diseases. the data was gathered using google trends. in the uk , chlamydia seemed to cause most concern , and is incidentally the most commonly diagnosed std in the country according to official figures.
usain bolt walked into a small gym at the base of rio de janeiro 's mangueira favela on thursday , took three shots on the basketball court - at least one from 3-point range - and made all three. that bodes well for next year 's olympics , where the six-time gold-medal sprinter will try to add three more in rio. he won three in 2008 in beijing and three more in london in 2012. i 'm looking forward to being here and competing. yes definitely. ' usain bolt took three shots on the basketball court and converted all three on a trip in brazil.
with britons downing a caffeine-shake-inducing average of 70 million cups of coffee per day , pret has revealed a secret that the nation may want take note of - how to get a free cup. clive schlee , chief executive of the coffee giant , revealed he has given his staff the power to hand out a coffee on the house to people they like or fancy. scroll down for video. femail writer deni kirkova travelled to four different pret a manger shops in london to find out what it takes to get a free coffee from staff. here she is after failing to secure a freebie at their gloucester road store.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- u.s. president barack obama 's recent explanation of how his administration will engage with the middle east is far from reassuring to the region. in his interview with tom friedman from the new york times on april 4 , obama explained u.s. foreign policy moves on iran and cuba , which friedman described as the `` obama doctrine. '' by capabilities , the president must mean the tools , whether diplomatic , economic or military , to protect and defend u.s. interests. the doctrine is significant because it provides greater clarity about the u.s. policy under the rest of obama 's presidency.
these cars had n't just disembarked from france or germany or japan. they were about to make their own journey overseas -- they were british cars , for goodness sake. they were examples of british manufacturing and design and engineering -- and they were about to be loaded on to ships and taken to other european countries , and to africa , and asia ; and i reflected on one of the most stunning turnaround stories in the economic history of this country. scroll down for video. britain last year produced more than 1.5 million cars -- the most since 2007 -- and we are poised to overtake france and become the second biggest car manufacturing power in europe.
furious 7 has raced to. the top of the domestic box office , picking up a massive $ 143.6. million in its opening weekend. the film has also established a new high-water mark for the month of. april , blowing past the $ 95 million debut of captain america :. the winter soldier , and now stands as the highest-grossing opening for any film in the fast and furious franchise. ninth among the top ten openings in history. much as the dark knight turned into a memorial for heath. ledger , audiences flocked to see star paul walker in one of his.
a pensioner who has visited a beauty spot for 70 years has been banned after she was accused of knocking down the landowner 's son with her car. patricia wilnecker , 81 , fell in love with lamorna cove in cornwall so much on her first visit in 1948 she eventually moved nearby and also wrote a book about it. but she has been told she is no longer welcome there by the owner roy stevenson after he accused her of deliberately hitting his son daniel , 36 , during a stand-off at the entrance. banned : patricia wilnecker , 81 , pictured with her dog shorty , fell in love with lamorna cove in cornwall in 1948 and has gone there every year - but can no longer go after a run-in with the landowner 's son.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- robert boardwine 's path to fatherhood was unconventional , but virginia 's appeals court said tuesday he is legally entitled to be a part of his son 's life. boardwine 's friend , joyce bruce , had used his sperm and a turkey baster to get pregnant. she also thought that because they never had sex , she was entitled to be the boy 's sole parent , according to court documents. the court of appeals of virginia decided differently in weighing the commonwealth 's assisted conception statute and denying bruce 's appeal to deny boardwine visitation. it agreed with a circuit court ruling that method of insemination did n't come from medical technology.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- unicef said friday that an initial shipment of 16 tons of medical supplies , meant to help 80,000 innocents caught up in the havoc of yemen , had at last landed in yemen 's capital , sanaa. the conflict is exacting a heavy toll on children and families , unicef said in a statement. `` the humanitarian situation is worsening all the time , with increasingly limited access to water , basic sanitation and critical health services , '' the statement quoted unicef yemen representative julien harneis , speaking from amman , jordan , as saying. '' aid agencies have been saying that supplies were desperately needed , but getting them into the country in the midst of regional turmoil was difficult.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- c-span 's live telecast of the white house correspondents ' association dinner on saturday night , hosted by cecily strong of `` saturday night live , '' was not strong 's finest hour , though the entire affair seemed like five of c-span 's longest hours. that being said , it 's a very tough room -- and not just because the washington hilton ballroom is so cavernous. more than 2,000 credentialed white house journalists and their mostly celebrity guests convened for the occasion. president barack obama , as strong 's warm-up act , did n't hit the podium until 10:20 p.m. -lrb- strong got her turn at 10:45.
ten years ago , i signed a letter backing labour in the 2005 election. earlier this month i signed a letter backing the conservatives for this one. five years ago the world was facing catastrophic economic problems. we had stared into the abyss of a complete failure of the international financial system , and managed -- via huge state intervention -- to avoid total collapse. the recovery of the uk since then has been extraordinary. we have outperformed every other major economy. former blair ally charles dunstone -lrb- pictured -rrb- is now supporting the conservative party in the election. when i speak to investors and business people around the world , they see the recent british story as something of a miracle.
phoenix , arizona -lrb- cnn -rrb- nearly 12 million parents in the united states currently are raising kids on their own. when single parents face a devastating illness such as cancer , everyday needs like cleaning and cooking can become a struggle. `` there are so many doctors ' appointments , copays , surgeries , prescriptions. after her friend passed away , farley-berens helped start a nonprofit dedicated to assisting others in similar circumstances. since 2006 , singleton moms has provided practical , financial and emotional support to more than 300 parents in the phoenix area. do you know a hero ? nominations are open for cnn heroes 2015.
fleece jackets , piles of hay , a fuzzy stuffed animal sloth and a lot of fruit were on bobbi gordon 's shopping list when she became a surrogate mother to a big-eyed , spikey-haired little boy. a handful of animal keepers at salt lake city 's hogle zoo found themselves with a tiny red-headed charge when eve , a bornean orangutan , died a few weeks after giving birth. scroll down for video. a new addition : tuah , the five month-old bornean orangutan looks on in the great ape building at utah 's hogle zoo on friday. about 9,000 people visited the zoo saturday , said erica hansen , the zoo 's community relations coordinator.
barcelona took a major step towards qualification for the last four of the champions league after they dismantled paris saint-germain on wednesday night. sportsmail 's adam crafton takes a look at five things we learned from barcelona 's emphatic victory. super suarez. it feels rather strange now but there was a time last summer when we were all wondering whether luis suarez - with his penchant for a human-based snack during football matches - was worth all that money for barcelona. it is now 17 goals for the season and barcelona 's front three , spearheaded by suarez , lionel messi and neymar is the most in-form in world football.
and now , one esteemed designer has revealed why kim kardashian and kanye west have the midas touch. olivier rousteing has revealed that he chose kim and kanye to star in balmain 's latest campaign because they ` represent a family for the new world '. scroll down for video. fashion 's most well-connected designer , olivier rousteing , has revealed why he snapped kim kardashian and kanye west up to front his balmain campaign. the 29-year-old creative director has revealed he was inspired to feature the couple - who have a 22-month-old daughter north - in the label 's spring/summer 2015 men 's campaign.
but none of these are the reasons why i want you to give me jeremy clarkson 's job. i know many men may baulk at the suggestion that a woman can take jeremy 's place. just look at what happened to sue perkins this week , who received a barrage of abuse on twitter when her name was mentioned for the role , along the lines of : ` men do cars , women do cake. ' but i think i 'm perfect for the job , and my principal qualification is entirely basic. scroll down for video. sarah vine says the bbc need to look further than just men when it comes to finding a tv presenter to replace jeremy clarkson on top gear.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- the force is strong in turkey -- or at least it appears to be at one university where thousands of students are petitioning for a jedi temple to be built on campus. the petition , which was started by a student at dokuz eylul university in the western province of izmir , so far has almost 5,500 signatures. it adds that `` uneducated padawan '' -- the novice jedis in george lucas ' `` star wars '' film franchise -- `` are moving to the dark side. ... to find the balance in the force , we want a jedi temple.
the university of michigan yanked an upcoming screening of the oscar-nominated drama american sniper over student complaints but quickly did an about-face after news of the cancellation sparked a firestorm on campus. the school tweeted out a statement saying the ` decision to cancel not consistent w/high value @umich places on freedom of expression. ' that tweet was linked to a statement by e. royster harper , the school 's vice president for student life , acknowledging that it was ` a mistake ' to call off the screening. it 's back on : the university of michigan nixed an upcoming screening of the oscar-nominated drama american sniper over student complaints but quickly did an about-face.
raccoons are known for being excellent climbers. the black-eyed bandit was found stuck 30ft-high on a flag pole outside philadelphia 's cathedral basilica of saints peter and paul on tuesday morning. video footage shows the animal clinging for life as it teeters on its makeshift perch. scroll down for video. bizarre site : a raccoon was found stuck 30ft-high on a flag pole outside philadelphia 's cathedral basilica of saints peter and paul on tuesday morning. far from home : video footage shows the animal clinging for life as it teeters on its perch. its arms and legs appear wrapped around the fabric-wrapped pole with its bushy tail tucked down.
and nutrient-rich , there is no denying that breast milk has myriad benefits for babies. but now one company has made the controversial move of using breast milk in a new vanilla ice cream aimed at adults. scroll down for video. royal baby gaga ice cream is made with donated breast milk - screened in line with hospital standards. breastfeeding campaigner victoria hiley has teamed up with london-based ice-creamery the licktators. royal baby gaga ice cream is the brainchild of breastfeeding campaigner victoria hiley. the 30-year-old mother from leeds has collaborated with london-based ice-creamery the licktators to launch the dessert in celebration of the forthcoming birth of the royal baby.
a chicago cubs fan managed to catch a foul ball in her cup of beer during a game against the san diego padres on saturday afternoon. ' scroll down for video ... caught ! a woman at a game in chicago who snagged a foul ball in her full cup of beer in the ninth inning on saturday. prime position : ms. dotzenrod said she was sitting in her seats in the second row near third base. i 'll drink to that ! 24-year-old krista dotzenrod from minnesota not only caught the foul ball hit at the game pitting the cubs against padres , but then chugged the beer in celebration.
deposed masters champion bubba watson had to settle for an opening-day 70 to sit four shots off huang wen-yi 's lead at the shenzhen international. watson , who finished 38th at augusta national on sunday as the defence of his masters crown finished in disappointing fashion , was struggling on one over after 13 holes on thursday - having started on the back nine - but three successive birdies got him back under par. bubba watson was off the pace at the shenzhen international and had to settle for an opening-day 70. china 's huang , who only started playing at the age of 22 some 12 years ago , carded eight birdies and two bogeys in his six-under-par round as he finished the first day one clear of a group of four players.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- beer and ice cream. but colorado 's new belgium brewery and the folks at ben & jerry 's are teaming up on a beer inspired by ice cream -- salted caramel brownie ice cream , to be precise. `` at this time i can confirm that ben & jerry 's and new belgium are collaborating to raise awareness around issues we are passionate about , and that the results will be delicious , '' new belgium 's director of sustainability , jenn vervier , said in a statement. their release does n't say what the campaign will be all about , but ben & jerry 's senior global marketing manager jay curley promises it will be `` impactful.
james tomkins hopes to return to action with west ham before the end of the season , but the defender knows his campaign may be over. tomkins dislocated his shoulder in the gym last month and has undergone successful surgery. james tomkins hopes to return to action with west ham before the end of the season. tomkins , seen with stewart downing , dislocated his shoulder in the gym underwent successful surgery. ' i was in the gym doing some exercises like i normally do , but just went a bit too far with one of them and unfortunately i dislocated my shoulder.
david alaba has given bayern munich some good news after posting a video on his instagram of the cast being removed following his recent knee ligament damage. the austrian has n't had much luck in terms of injuries but is clearly delighted he can now step-up his recovery and return for the bundesliga leaders. ' david alaba is looking to get back to fitness for bayern munich now his cast has been removed. the versatile star had his cast signed by all his team-mates who arrived in portugal on monday , ahead of their champions league quarter-final clash with porto. bayern thrashed shakhtar donetsk in the last round and will be looking for a repeat result when they line up on wednesday at the estadio do dragao.
this is the moment jeremy clarkson talked himself out of a ticket after leaving his bright green lamborghini parked on yellow lines. despite his recent woes , he was seen laughing with a traffic warden in london , who had tried to put a ticket on his borrowed supercar. the warden recognized the former top gear host immediately and the pair chatted for a few minutes. scroll down for video. jeremy clarkson talked himself out of a parking ticket in london today after leaving his green lamborghini parked on yellow lines. after spending 15 minutes inspecting a black ferrari , clarkson drove off in his eye-catching supercar.
he was once the most powerful man in the world , but former us president bill clinton says he believes he should take a more backstage role should his wife , hillary , decide to run for president. in an interview with town & country magazine , the 68-year-old revealed that he believes he has lost his natural flair for political campaigning , adding that becoming a grandparent to his daughter chelsea 's six-month-old daughter charlotte has tamed the angry side of his personality which once helped to propel him to victory. ' he said. scroll down for video. back seat ? president clinton plans to stay out of the limelight if and when hillary clinton launches her expected run for president , he tells town and country magazine in a new interview.
sir bradley wiggins will bid for cycling 's hour record on june 7 at london 's olympic velodrome. the four-time olympic champion and 2012 tour de france winner , who is 35 on april 28 , will attempt to add to his accomplishments by riding the furthest distance in 60 minutes at the lee valley velopark. four-time olympic champion bradley wiggins will bid to break cycling 's hour record in june. wiggins finished his team sky career in the paris-roubaix 253.5 km one-day race on sunday. australian rider rohan dennis poses after breaking the world hour record on february 8 in grenchen.
note to all managers : if you 're top striker is misfiring , have a word with tim sherwood. sherwood , albeit for a short period of time , revived emmanuel adebayor 's flagging tottenham career last season ; now he 's replicating the achievement with christian benteke. christian benteke heads aston villa into the lead against tottenham in the 35th minute of the game. benteke celebrates the goal that gave tim sherwood 's team the advantage at the end of the first half. benteke continued his fine form for villa from tuesday , where he scored a hat-trick in the 3-3 draw with qpr.
she had n't spoken for weeks after her health deteriorated rapidly due to terminal brain cancer. but one day recently , sara martin , from lititz , pennsylvania , uttered a single word : ` florida '. they leave for sarasota , south-west florida , today. final holiday : brain cancer sufferer sara martin , from pennsylvania , is being driven to florida today after she uttered the word ` florida ' following weeks of not speaking. above , mrs martin , center , sits in the rented van her family is taking to sarasota , alongside her daughters gretchen , 11 , and carlie , 12 , who are staying at home.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- roseanne barr revealed earlier this week that she is going blind. barr 's doctors have n't provided a timeline , but her symptoms are worsening : `` my vision is closing in now , '' she said. '' related : 9 worst eye care mistakes you 're making. macular degeneration is a breakdown of the part of the retina that allows us to see fine details in the center of vision ; while glaucoma damages the nerve that connects the retina to the brain , and is often caused by fluid build-up and pressure in the eyes. `` it 's somewhat unusual that roseanne bar has both , but not unheard of , '' explains ophthalmologist steven a. shanbom , md , of shanbom eye specialists in berkley , mich..
lewis hamilton took a well-earned break from his blistering start to the formula one season , taking his brother nicolas out for a spin out in la.. the two-time formula one world champion took time out from training ahead of the spanish grand prix next week to go cruising with his younger sibling in his stylish shelby cobra. nicolas hamilton takes a selfie with his brother lewis whilst the pair take a ride in the la sunshine. nicolas posted to his facebook page : ` all in red today for my last day in la , chillin & relaxing ahead of an exciting year ! # btcc ' the 23-year-old younger half-brother of lewis , who suffers from the neurological condition cerebral palsy , posted the first image above image on his facebook page , with the caption : ` had a great day today cruising with my bro in la..
children may be drawn to greasy fries and burgers , but fatty foods can reduce the speed at which their brains work , according to a new study. it found that children who ate a diet higher in saturated fats and cholesterol had slower reaction times and a poorer working memory. children who ate the fatty diet performed worse when they were given a task-switching game to complete , the researchers said. a new study has found that children who ate a diet higher in saturated fats and cholesterol had slower reaction times and a poorer working memory. for the study , scientists at the university of illinois recruited 150 children aged between seven and 10 and gave them a game which involved learning a pattern between a set of shapes and colours.
that 's exactly what tiger woods was ready for. some golf. he smiled , slapped his playing partner rory mcilroy on the back. not yet. in some cases , exactly like tree roots. at the ninth , playing out of the augusta pines , woods found such a root at full pelt on his follow through. he dropped his club like a red-hot poker , face creased with pain. woods claimed that a bone popped out in his right arm , right there , but he reset it. hit it on the fairway. woods did not find a solitary preferred landing area until the 13th , when he was rewarded with an eagle.
the pentagon said tuesday it would exhume and try to identify the remains of nearly 400 sailors and marines killed when the uss oklahoma sank in the bombing of pearl harbor. the ship capsized after being hit by nine torpedoes during the december 7 , 1941 surprise attack from japanese forces. altogether , 429 sailors and marines onboard were killed. hundreds were buried as unknowns at cemeteries in hawaii. in 1950 , they were reburied as unknowns at the national memorial cemetery of the pacific - also known as the punchbowl - inside a volcanic crater in honolulu. scroll down for video.
a california woman was arrested after a video was posted on youtube that showed her striking a young , crying child in the face with what appeared to be a ipad-like tablet. yvonne camargo , 39 , of victorville , was arrested on suspicion of willful cruelty to a child on april 3 but it is unknown as to if she was charged. scroll down for video. yvonne camargo of victorville , california , was arrested earlier in april after video surfaced of her appearing to hit a child. in the youtube video camargo can be seen hitting the child in the face with an ipad-like tablet.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- it wo n't come as news to anyone in america today that the authority to make an arrest carries with it the potential to escalate to lethal force. but the seemingly innocuous genesis of police authority -lrb- initial stop and question , pulling someone over for a traffic violation -rrb- becomes significant because of the potential result -lrb- deadly force -rrb-. a minor traffic stop can be the springboard to a check for outstanding warrants. and an arrest , we know , can have fatal results. in south carolina earlier this month , walter scott was the subject of a bench warrant for over $ 18,000 in unpaid child support , according to court records.
measuring 30cm high and made entirely from cake , these amazing hand-crafted designs are a luxury alternative to traditional easter eggs. the incredibly detailed works of art were inspired by faberge 's famous jewelled eggs , and painstakingly created by 14 of the uk 's top cake artists. each of the intricate treats is entirely edible and were made using a range of decorating techniques and sugar work. scroll down for video. yellow bee cake company 's amazing violet and gold carousel which features cakes as rides instead of the usual animals. the eggs were created as part of a feature for cake masters magazine - and feature in this month 's edition , with easter just around the corner.
let me say right here that i have lost my cool from time to time , whether it 's been a phone call with a credit card company to complain about late fees or an experience of bad service at a restaurant. some of mchenry 's comments , such as how she 's `` on television , '' imply that she may have the dangerous thinking that she , by dint of her career , education and income , is better than people who do n't get paid what she does or have the same kind of career or educational opportunities.
but when one australian traveller tried to get american 's to repeat it , many were lost for words. kieran murray , from brisbane in queensland , recently spent months travelling across the us , and documented his interactions with locals all around the country. from a homeless man who was insistent upon telling his story about britney spears , to a man who insisted murray was saying ` get out of my nightgown ' , the filmmaker captured it all. scroll down for video. aussie filmmaker kieran murray has released the second installment of his hilarious series which asks americans to attempt the australian accent by saying ` g'day mate , how you going ? one man in austin , texas -lrb- far right -rrb- was convinced murray said ` get out -lrb- of -rrb- my nightgown ' this is the latest in a series of videos murray put together one of which is based around the same topic , and another of which asks people to guess what common australian expressions mean.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- a prosecutor has dismissed allegations that argentine president cristina fernandez de kirchner tried to cover up iran 's involvement in a 1994 bombing in buenos aires. the move by prosecutor javier de luca to drop the case could mean a definitive end to the accusations that have roiled the nation , according to argentina 's state-run telam news agency. the case became of high interest globally after the original prosecutor who brought the allegations was found dead in january. alberto nisman was found dead days after making the accusations. nisman alleged that argentina 's government agreed not to go after iranian suspects in the bombing in exchange for a favorable trade deal.
shanghai , china -lrb- cnn -rrb- with a well-paid job in finance and his own apartment , li lifei is living the chinese dream. the 26-year old has his eye on a volkswagen tiguan but shanghai , like many large chinese cities , rations license plates as it looks for a solution to its gridlocked roads and polluted skies. to register for a license plate auction , prospective car buyers like li must put down a deposit in exchange for disc containing software they can use to bid online. the auctions take place once a month on a saturday morning. to boost his chances , li upgraded the speed of his internet connection from 10 to 50 mbps but to no avail.
kim kardashian is undoubtedly the queen of self-promotion , posting ` selfie ' snaps to her millions of followers on a daily basis and even releasing a book filled with her self-taken pictures. buzzfeed is convinced that the social media superstar has been using facetune to edit her selfies - a # 2.99 photo editing app designed to help you edit your portrait photographs into ` perfection '. scroll down for video. spot the difference ? bianca london and martha cliff used facetune to edit their selfies. the # 2.99 photo editing app is designed to help you edit your portrait photographs into ` perfection ' - but the results were rather scary ... and obvious.
cassie was in her car picking up brynn 's son for preschool in tenino , washington , when she accidentally ran over brynn 's younger daughter , 17-month-old rowyn , who was killed. incredibly though , brynn forgave cassie for what happened , acknowledging what happened as a horrific accident. scroll down for video. pulled together by tragedy : brynn johnson -lrb- left -rrb- lost her young daughter rowyn in september last year after cassie miller -lrb- right -rrb- accidentally ran over the little girl with her car. tragic : rowyn was only 17-months-old when she was killed instantly in the driveway of her home in tenino , washington , in september last year , by one of her mother 's friends.
it is not just humans who are concerned about the privacy implications of drones. an arnhem tv station has lost one of its expensive drones after a chimpanzee managed to knock it out of the sky. the craft was supposed to be capturing footage of the royal burgers zoo chimp enclosure for a tv show. look out ! an arnhem tv station has lost one of its expensive drones after a chimpanzee managed to knock it out of the sky. following the attack , the drone crashes to the ground - only for the chimp to pounce on it. ` on the morning of friday , april 10 , 2015 , the chimpanzees of royal burgers ' zoo once again proved how intelligent they are , ' a spokesman for the zoo said.
the semi-final line-up for the champions league has been confirmed and , although there may be no english involvement , four european giants are just three games from being crowned champions of the continent in berlin on june 6. with real madrid and juventus winning on wednesday to join barcelona and bayern munich in the last four , this season 's competition is one of the toughest to call in recent memory. we asked our team of reporters who they think will win this season 's champions league. momentum is key at this point in the season and barcelona are in overdrive.
i see it in the op-ed pages of the newspapers , and on the state ballots in nearly half the country. for the first time a majority , 53 % , favor its legalization , with 77 % supporting it for medical purposes. support for legalization has risen 11 points in the past few years alone. in 1969 , the first time pew asked the question about legalization , only 12 % of the nation was in favor. a police officer i met in michigan is part of the revolution , as are the editors of the medical journal , neurosurgery.
poets house is a swish new hotel in ely , a three-minute walk from the cathedral , offering terrific value. there are 21 rooms , all with copper standalone baths placed near luxurious double beds. i keep thinking about phil neville , the former england footballer whose home once appeared in hello ! and which forever more is held as the gold standard for unadulterated bling. state of the art : poets house is as much a sex and the city retreat as a hideaway in genteel ely. valet parking will sort it at no extra charge. black and white : poets house incorporates smart , clean lines , elegant décor and crisp white tablecloths.
a man who was run over by suge knight has refused to testify against the rap mogul , defiantly stating in court that he is ` no snitch '. but he claimed from the witness stand of the los angeles superior court on monday that he does not remember the specifics of the confrontation , in which his companion terry carter , 55 , was killed. ` no snitch ' : cle ` bone ' sloan , 45 , -lrb- left , file photo -rrb- told the court that he ` will not be used to send suge knight -lrb- pictured right last week -rrb- to prison '.
while google and apple are developing self driving vehicles , nasa has revealed its vision - and its a lot more fun. called the modular robotic vehicle , or mrv , it was developed at nasa 's johnson space center to show off the technologies that could let man move across other planets. on earth , however , it also has some neat tricks - from the ability to park sideways to being able to spin on the spot , as well as being driven remotely at up to 70mph. unlike a normal car , the buggy has no mechanical linkages to the propulsion , steering , or brake actuators , the driver of an mrv relies completely on control inputs being converted to electrical signals and then transmitted by wires to the vehicle 's motors.
with just 10 days to go until the general election , ed miliband has already won one political battle -- as the nation 's ` best looking ' political leader. first it was the ` milifandom ' -- with thousands of teenage girls allegedly swooning for the labour leader on twitter. the only way is essex star lydia bright met labour leader ed miliband as part of the ` useyourvoice ' campaign encouraging young people to vote. the reality tv star said mr miliband ` definitely ' topped her list of political leaders in a game of ` snog , marry or avoid ' the reality tv star said mr miliband ` definitely ' topped her list of political leaders in a game of ` snog , marry or avoid '.
residents in a chinese city had a shock when they looked up and saw the sky glowing bright red - like something from a hollywood disaster movie. shocking : sky turned blood red for nearly an hour in aershan city in inner mongolia. surreal : the city looks like a scene out of a hollywood disaster movie. the scary natural phenomenon happened at 2pm on wednesday in the city in inner mongolia. just 50 minutes later the bright red sky had faded and the sky had returned to normal. but photos of people 's hands covered in the black soot have circulated widely online and many aershan citizens are concerned over the possible health issues.
usain bolt will compete at the iaaf/btc world relays in the bahamas next month , the jamaica athletics administrative association has announced. the six-time olympic gold medallist will compete at the relay championship on may 2 and 3 as part of the jamaican team. ` i 'm happy to be part of the jamaican team for the iaaf / btc world relays in the bahamas. usain bolt has confirmed he will be part of jamaica 's team at the world relays in the bahamas. bolt reacts as he wins 4x100m gold at the london olympic games in 2012. jaaa general secretary garth gayle commented , ` we were extremely pleased that usain was available for selection and that the world 's fastest man will be running for jamaica.
it 's official : alcohol makes you more attractive to the opposite sex. scientists at the university of bristol found that having ` one large glass of wine ' increases ` facial flushing ' and ` confidence ' , making the drinker ` more attractive ' to others and more likely to ` get lucky '. researchers quizzed 40 heterosexual male and female students and asked them to rate the attractiveness of three groups of people who were sober , tipsy and drunk. a study of 40 men and women found drinking a glass of wine makes you more attractive to the opposite sex ... ... but too much booze leads to ` excessive and unattractive ' changes in facial expressions , like bridget jones.
condemned bali nine drug smuggler myuran sukumaran has pledged to stare down the indonesian firing squad who will drag him to a jungle clearing and kill him shortly after midnight wednesday. that 's according close supporter and artist ben quilty , who has taken to the airwaves in a desperate final bid to stop sukumaran and fellow australian inmate andrew chan 's execution. ` that he would stare them down , that no-one would cover his eyes , that he would face it with dignity. ' as a ` realistic ' mr quilty pledged to fight the death penalty ` with everything i have for the rest of my life ' , the australian duo selected the spiritual advisers who will accompany them to their execution.
as the bright , smiling face of morning tv in the noughties fern britton shocked fans when she admitted to struggling with crippling depression. the mother-of-four had her first experience of depression as a child and has suffered attacks throughout her adult life. and in an interview with the telegraph on saturday the 57-year-old revealed how close she came to suicide one day after her divorce from first husband clive jones. scroll down for video. presenter fern britton , who suffers from depression , has revealed how close she came to suicide following her divorce from first husband clive jones. the presenter and author , who has been married to her second husband tv chef phil vickery , 53 , for fifteen years , claims she knew the marriage was never right , but remembers the time after the divorce being particularly bleak.
' it might be legal but it 's still a drug. if you want to be a top athlete you do n't want that in your body. he was outstanding against liverpool but it was one game -- he has not made it yet. jack grealish -lrb- left -rrb- has become the third top flight starlet caught on camera inhaling nitrous oxide. grealish starred for aston villa in their fa cup semi-final win over liverpool on sunday at wembley. at arsenal , arsene wenger changed the attitude completely. alcohol was described as poison -- it slows down your body when it needs to be perfectly tuned.
that 's the advice of carl jenkinson to jack grealish as the young aston villa star weighs up his international future. the west ham defender , on loan from arsenal until the end of the season , knows the predicament that faces the teenager torn between representing the republic of ireland or england. jenkinson has experienced an identical international limbo before. carl jenkinson -lrb- left -rrb- says jack grealish should follow his heart when choosing ireland or england. in 2012 , a year after his big move from charlton to the club he supported as a boy - arsenal - the essex-born full-back chose the three lions despite having played for finland , the nation of his mother , at under 18 and under 21 level.
lesean mccoy 's acrimony with chip kelly continues to rumble on , with the buffalo bills running back taking another swipe at the eagles head coach. mccoy was shipped to the bills in exchange for linebacker kiko alonso and says kelly 's team has a college feel and that he does n't like star talent. i think he likes the fact that it 's `` chip kelly and the eagles '' , ' he told the philadephia enquirer. lesean mccoy warms up as he takes part in a voluntary offseason conditioning session with the bills. mccoy clearly has a chip on his shoulder about the trade , but slated philadelphia 's ` college feel ' ` it was `` desean jackson -- a high-flying , take-off-the-top-of-the-defense receiver ''.
no one in britain lives as much as 70 miles from the sea. our coastline of 10,800 miles is longer than india 's -lrb- unbelievable ? try measuring the ins and outs of scotland 's -rrb-. many people in the u.s. , russia or china never see the sea in their lives. popular television series explore it , gliding over the cliffs by helicopter as if in a dream. barkham 's book is written to celebrate 50 years of enterprise neptune , the national trust 's campaign to save our coastal beauties from being spoiled -- by purchasing them. beginning in 1965 , the trust has by now acquired 742 miles of coast.
attorney general eric holder bid farewell to the justice department on friday after six years , outlining what he said were his major accomplishments and telling staffers that they helped produce a ` golden age ' in the department 's history. an emotional holder , who has served as the nation 's top law enforcement official since the start of the obama administration , addressed hundreds of lawyers and staff members one day after his successor , loretta lynch , was confirmed by the senate following a months-long delay. i am going to miss this building. scroll down for videos. attorney general eric holder waved to justice department employees during his farewell gathering in washington on friday , ending six years at the doj.
thierry henry said the stadium of light was the noisiest atmosphere he had ever experienced during sunderland 's derby win over newcastle. a sorrowful silence as thousands streamed for the exits in the wake of crystal palace 's fourth goal inside 14 second-half minutes. sunderland strikers steven fletcher and jermain defoe ca n't hide their disappointment following defeat. a shameful silence as sunderland 's players afterwards absorbed the shock of another embarrassing home collapse. when asked how concerned he was that the side he has inherited are in danger of the drop , he grimaced for fully 10 seconds before returning : ` worried ? yes , very worried.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- bobbi kristina brown , the daughter of bobby brown and whitney houston , has `` global and irreversible brain damage , '' according to her grandmother. though the 22-year-old is no longer in a medically induced coma , she remains unresponsive , cissy houston said in a statement monday after visiting her granddaughter. '' houston 's statement matched that from a source with knowledge of brown 's condition , who told cnn on monday that she remained in the same neurological state she has been in for nearly three months. she does not respond to visitors or familiar voices , and her eyes do not follow a person around the room , the source told cnn.
` insta-fame ' is the latest criterion for models wanting to book jobs , according to leading australian modelling agencies. thanks to the proliferation of social media , in order for modelling agencies to keep up with client demand , ` influencer ' and ` blogger ' divisions are now being added to their traditional model portfolio. general manager of vivien 's models catherine mcgill told daily mail australia that they launched an ` influencers ' section two months ago because of the growing need to accommodate client demand for social media numbers. scroll down for video. influencer : gigi hadid is one of many in-demand models whose social media following is as much a draw card as her good looks for clients booking her on jobs.
graeme mcdowell insisted he would never consider not playing the masters despite another frustrating experience at augusta national. mcdowell carded a final round of 73 on sunday to finish six over par and is now a combined 24 over for his eight appearances in the year 's first major championship. graeme mcdowell tees off on the third hole during the third round at augusta on saturday. ` it is a celebration of golf on my favourite golf course in the world. it is. ' i think it 's a puzzle you can solve. mcdowell carded a final round of 73 on sunday to finish six over par for the tournament.
the navy says a second seal has died following a training accident in a swimming pool at a base in virginia. the 34-year-old marihugh and 32-year-old special warfare operator 1st class seth cody lewis of queens , new york , were found unresponsive on friday at the bottom of the combat swimming training facility at joint expeditionary base little creek-fort story. lewis died friday. lloyd says both sailors were members of naval special warfare group 2. ` training accident ' : special warfare operator 1st class brett allen marihugh -lrb- left -rrb- of livonia , michigan , died sunday after he and 32-year-old special warfare operator 1st class seth cody lewis were found unresponsive at the bottom of a swimming pool from what officials called a ` training accident ' while an investigation of the incident is continuing , navy spokesman lieutenant david lloyd told reuters friday , ` they were working out in the pool ... they were swimming.
a 12-year-old sports fan from texas - who 's become a star in his own right for his national anthem-singing skills - was surprised by one of his idols on tuesday night. nicholas connors gave a rousing performance ahead of the houston rockets and dallas mavericks nba playoffs game - with one of his favorite nfl players watching from the sidelines , houston texans defensive lineman j.j. watt. when nicholas finished , the 26-year-old player ran across the court to congratulate him. footage - secured by a spectator and shared on vine - shows nicholas looking confused at first when he 's caught off-guard and tapped on the shoulder.
more than 70 years ago these five men each played their own vital role in the normandy campaign that began with the d-day landings. all ordinary young men doing their bit to help liberate france. until now their exploits have escaped the attention of historians , but yesterday these veterans of world war two stood proudly side by side after being awarded france 's highest decoration , the legion d'honneur. courageous veterans are given france 's highest honour for their vital role on d-day in a ceremony at yorkshire air museum , left to right : gordon collinson , eric gerald briscoe , thomas william wright , eric gill , james denwood and catherine rush who was accepting the honour on behalf of her late husband bernard rush.
mauricio pochettino insists aston villa manager tim sherwood will be shown respect on his return to white hart lane - 11 months after he was shown the door by tottenham chairman daniel levy. ' i expect a very good reception for him , ' said pochettino , whose spurs side entertain villa on saturday afternoon in the barclays premier league. ` he is a manager that worked here and spent a lot of time here as a player and a manager. tottenham hotspur manager mauricio pochettino gestures to his players at burnley last weekend. aston villa manager tim sherwood -lrb- centre -rrb- takes a training session at bodymoor heath on thursday.
doctors are still trying to find out what the future holds for 17-year-old natasha willard after she was diagnosed with inflammation of the brain when she fell ill while studying for her a-levels in cwmbran in wales. miss willard 's family are unsure how the teenager became ill so suddenly , just four days after she returned her feeling unwell. natasha willard was studying for her a levels at college when she appeared to get the flu just before christmas and her condition has worsened , leaving her unable to move her limbs and barely able to speak. her stepmother kirsty willard said : ` the doctors are baffled , they do not know what happened.
officials at an elementary school in maine have come under fire for teaching students about transgender issues without first seeking the approval of parents. some parents are unhappy with the school after they say their children came home with questions about gender and wondering if they too might be trans. i am jazz is a book about a child ` with a boy 's body and a girl 's brain ' who eventually finds a doctor that tells the family the boy is a transgender. one unnamed mom was so angry she contacted conservative pundit sean hannity after she felt that the school ignored her initial complaint.
gary neville tore into manchester city following their defeat against crystal palace by insisting the champions have a ` mentality problem ' which prevents them from winning back-to-back titles. the former manchester united and england defender saw city lose 2-1 to leave them in fourth - nine points short of chelsea at the top of the barclays premier league. there 's no doubt , ' neville said on monday night football. manchester city captain vincent kompany leaves the field after their 2-1 defeat by crystal palace on monday. manuel pellegirni is under pressure as city fell nine points behind chelsea in the premier league table.
this eighteen-month-old boy pulled a rice-cooker brimming with boiling water down on his head , burning deep scars into his face and leaving him almost blind. as a crack team of surgeons from the australian charity , interplast , worked last march to save the sight of little baby seng , from vientiane , laos , inspirational burns survivor turia pitt watched on. turia was deeply moved by the plight of the baby with big , brown eyes. foreign doctors would n't have been able to save her from the flames that nearly killed her by lashing 64 per cent of her body with burns in 2011.
leo bernal , 8 , is lucky to be alive after an intruder shot him in the head as he lay in bed at his home in culver city , california , over the weekend. on friday , five days after the shooting , the 8-year-old was released from the hospital with nearly two dozen medical staples holding his scalp together. scroll down for video. miracle boy : leo bernal , 8 , was released from the hospital friday , five days after he was shot in the head by an armed home intruder in california. scarred : doctors had to open the child 's skull to extract the bullet , leaving him with a partially shaved scalp and 23 staples.
the 25-year-old boytoy is the lover , of a dominican woman in her late 30s , who invites him round for romps around her entire apartment in brooklyn. the apartment block was named in a league table of complaints made to new york authorities about loud sex. most complained : the building maintenance worker -lrb- left -rrb- and his girlfriend -lrb- right -rrb- , who is now four months pregnant , were complained about six times for excessive noise at the bay ridge block , official records show. say it loud : this is the apartment block with six calls made to 311 - new york city 's non-emergency number - because of complaints of loud sex.
break-ups can be hard enough to deal with but two women were left with permanent reminders of their failed relationships thanks to having their ex-partners ' names tattooed on their bodies. jessica hardy , 23 , from hereford , was so desperate to remove her former flame 's name from her forearm when she met her new man , ryan , she tried to burn it off with acid. scroll down for video. jessica hardy was so desperate to remove her former flame 's name from her forearm she used acid. the mother-of-one said she could n't afford laser removal surgery to have the tattoo removed so when she heard about acid peels for the skin , she thought she had an ideal solution.
ed and justine miliband first met at a dinner party , hosted by the woman he was ` secretly ' dating. the hostess : stephanie flanders , the glamorous then economics editor of bbc2 's newsnight. the guests : young barristers and would-be politicians. central to the party that night back in march 2004 was flanders ' boyfriend , labour rising star ed miliband. at the time , he was chief economics adviser to the chancellor , gordon brown. miliband had been back in britain for two months after a brief spell as a lecturer at harvard university in the u.s. ever the policy nerd , the son of a marxist professor waxed lyrical about economic theory.
scientists have revealed a sophisticated new dating. early human forerunner unearthed in the 1990s in south africa ,. is roughly 3.7 million years old. geologist darryl granger of purdue university in indiana , whose. the study found little foot , a member of the species. australopithecus prometheus , lived at roughly the same time as. fossil , known as lucy , comes from ethiopia. scroll down for video. the researchers analyzed 11 rock samples from around the nearly complete little foot fossil skeleton from thesterkfontein caves to gauge its age. the researchers analyzed 11 rock samples from around the nearly complete little foot fossil skeleton from the sterkfontein caves to gauge its age.
but the diamond ring appears to have lost its sparkle according to experts who claim that women are abandoning the traditional jewel in favour of more exotic gems. the huge increase in demand for coloured stones , such as sapphires and rubies , has seen their prices soar. scroll down for video. kate middleton proudly wore a ceylon sapphire once owned by princess diana as her engagement ring. and experts say the trend might prove that diamonds are not forever after all , as the value of the jewels has been vastly overtaken by more fashionable stones. demand has seen the value of some coloured stones increase by more than 2,000 per cent over the last ten years , with leading auctioneers now branding them a better investment than diamonds.
when russian president vladimir putin appeared on tv today to insist none of the country 's troops are positioned in the ukraine , he looked decidedly fresh-faced for a man accused of war-mongering. the wrinkles on the 62-year-old 's forehead , clearly visibly in previous pictures , have disappeared , while his skin look smooth , taut , tanned and younger than ever. vladimir putin appeared on russian tv today like you have never seen him before - leading to questions that he has had cosmetic surgery to get rid of the bags under his eyes , wrinkles and make his face more chiseled.
as gwyneth paltrow files for divorce from chris martin , the couple whose split made them ` closer than they ever have been ' are still confounding their critics by playing nicely. even if you thought their ` conscious uncoupling ' was a load of goop from gwyneth , it was a refreshing change from the vicious slanging matches other celebrities engage in after a split. scroll down for video. tracey cox says that gwyneth and chris ' amicable split is refreshing and something we can learn from. gwyneth and chris are sharing equal custody of their two children and always maintained their first and foremost priority is to make apple and moses happy.
johannesburg -lrb- cnn -rrb- he checked the series of stills on his camera. it was then that photographer james oatway realized the entire attack had taken less than two minutes. it was the morning after a night of unrest in johannesburg 's alexandra township that saw foreign-owned shops looted and destroyed. mozambican emmanuel sithole was walking down a street when four south africans surrounded him. the attackers bludgeoned him with a wrench , stabbed him with knives , all in broad daylight. `` they looked like hardened thugs , just by their intensity , the way they moved , the expressions on their faces , '' oatway told cnn.
poppy smart complained to police after accusing builders of sexual harassment for wolf-whistling. finally , after a month of unwanted attention from the men on the building site , the marketing co-ordinator decided she 'd had enough -- and called the police. miss smart , who recorded the constant whistling using her smartphone 's video function , also contacted one of the construction companies working at the site to complain of sexual harassment. she compared the wolf-whistling to racial discrimination and said it made her walk to work in worcester city centre an ` awful experience '. one of the workers even approached her on the pavement , blocking her way , before saying ` morning love ' after she had ignored a cacophony of whistling , miss smart said.
if virgil van dijk is absent from the shortlists for this season 's player of the year awards , celtic will surely fire off a stiff missive seeking clarification on the reasons. the prospect of a treble evaporated last sunday , an afternoon ronny deila now describes as the worst of his career. eight points clear of aberdeen with five games left to play , however , his outlook is suddenly brighter. dundee 's simon ferry -lrb- left -rrb- tussles for possession with celtic 's james forrest -lrb- right -rrb- on wednesday night. celtic 's jason denayer -lrb- left -rrb- challenges greg stewart -lrb- right -rrb- during the scottish premiership match.
at least one is dead after a powerful storm capsized several sailboats participating in a regatta , and crews searched late on saturday for at least four people missing in the waters , the coast guard said. the storm rolled through the area about 4 p.m. and a man was plucked from the waters by the coast guard around 9 p.m. , petty officer carlos vega said. ` we knew we were totally lost at sea , ' said regatta participant rhonda morgan gilreath , right , shown with her boyfriend randy rutledge of rome georgia on saturday. dauphin island regatta sailors gather near their docked sailboats on saturday , april 25 , 2015 , in dauphin island , alabama where coast guard officials said they responded to a report of multiple capsized vessels.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- south america 's atacama desert , one of the driest places on earth , resembles some of the faraway planets monitored by giant telescopes there. the lack of humidity provides optimal conditions to watch the sky and study the origins of the universe. '' there , in that clear , inhospitably arid environment , figueroa turned his camera lens toward another discussion on cosmology , one rooted in the ancient folklore of the andean people. in his `` dancers of the deserts '' series , figueroa chronicles these festivals , which attract about 200,000 people to some otherwise quiet mining towns in chile.
veteran bbc commentator peter alliss has said that the corporation should have tried harder to win the rights to the open championship and that attempts to give women equal rights in golf have 'cause d mayhem '. recent legislation has given women more rights in golf clubs , while st andrews and royal st george 's have both voted to admit female members for the first time. veteran broadcaster peter alliss -lrb- second right -rrb- claimed gender equality laws have ` b ***** ed up the game ' the commentator also claimed the bbc should have done more to secure the open coverage.
and now a new poll on modern families reveals this is a reality for almost a quarter of britons -- who said their pet dog was more important to them than their in-laws. of the 2,071 people surveyed , 22 per cent cited their pets as a close family member , above in-laws -lrb- 21 per cent -rrb- but below grandparents at 26 per cent. scroll down for video. a new poll on modern families reveals almost a quarter of brits prefer their pets to their in-laws. the research commissioned by matalan for its made for modern families campaign also found that the ` brady bunch ' or ` blended ' household where children had multi-parental figures was also on the rise.
apple ceo tim cook described the company 's eagerly anticipated watch as ` the most personal device we 've ever created '. a sapphire glass screen used in the device has remained scratch-free after being subjected to being rubbed with sandpaper , keyed and even hit with a hammer. scroll down for video. a sapphire glass screen used in the device has remained unscratched after being subjected to being rubbed against a stone wall -lrb- pictured -rrb- and with sandpaper , keyed and even hit with a hammer. the test was carried out by cardiff-based iphone repairs specialist iphonefixed.co.uk , which used a sapphire screen from a 38mm apple watch for its experiment.
graeme dott fears exhaustion will kill off his hopes of winning snooker 's betfred world championship. the 37-year-old , a qualifier this year , survived a series of twitches close to the winning line before clinching a 10-8 first-round victory over ricky walden at the crucible in sheffield on sunday. he bungled a yellow but was reprieved when walden blazed the green off the table. the previous format meant a player of his standing had just one to negotiate. graeme dott celebrates after booking his place in the second round of the world championships. the 37-year-old survived a series of twitches close to the winning line before clinching a 10-8 first-round win.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- the next time you fly to see grandma in florida , look down. on approach into miami or orlando , it just looks like squishy wasteland full of things that want to hurt you : snakes and scorpions , rats and roaches , gators and mosquitoes. -lrb- a researcher once caught 365,000 bloodthirsty bugs in a single trap in a single night. they decided to conquer that uninhabitable frontier known as florida. and long before air conditioning , bug spray and social security helped seal that vision , the army corps of engineers blasted and dug 2,000 miles of dams and dikes , ditches and pipes.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- the bizarre circumstances surrounding freddie gray 's death have inflamed tensions across the country. how could a man suffer a severe spinal cord injury after getting arrested ? and what happened in the 30 minutes before he was taken to a hospital ? gray wavered in and out of a coma and died sunday , one week after his arrest. it 's not clear how he suffered the spinal cord injury. but gray is far from the only suspect who died under questionable circumstances after he was already in custody. here are several other cases :. police in vineland , new jersey , responded to a call of a disorderly person , and white was arrested and handcuffed.
a high school teenager 's romantic prom proposal ended in disaster when his date burst into tears. daniel pena had spent hours planning the perfect way to pop the question to his girlfriend alex. the pair had been driving along a route together where , unbeknownst to his girlfriend , daniel had erected a series of signs along the road. a teen 's attempt to ask his girlfriend to the prom ended in tears when she misunderstood the proposal. together they read : ` alex. will. you. ' the final question mark was hidden in the car ready for the teen to pull out at the end to ask his girlfriend in person.
a former u.s. marine who lost his right leg and several fingers in an explosion in afghanistan is making a second attempt to scale mount everest to inspire others like him , a year after an avalanche that killed 16 sherpa guides stopped him at the base camp. former staff sgt. charlie linville , 29 , from boise , idaho , is using a specially designed metal foot outfitted with a climbing boot and another one with crampons in his quest to conquer the 8,850-meter -lrb- 29,035-foot -rrb- summit next month. scroll down for video. ready to go : in this april 16 photo former u.s. marine charlie linville , left , and his climbing partner tim medvetz sit for an interview in kathmandu , nepal.
alaa abdullah esayed admitted encouraging terrorism by posting 45,000 tweets supporting isis. a woman posted tens of thousands of tweets supporting isis which included pictures of dead bodies and encouraging children to arm themselves with weapons. some of the messages she posted between june 1 2013 and may 14 2014 , included pictures of the corpses of fighters killed in syria which she uploaded to her instagram account. esayed pleaded guilty at the old bailey to encouraging terrorism under the terrorism act 2006 and disseminating terrorist publications. she could face up to 14 years in prison for the offences. the 22-year-old posted around 127 messages a day to her 8,534 followers.
jose mourinho relishes the pre-match press conference. for the chelsea manager , it 's where the game begins , especially ahead of a match like sunday 's at arsenal , where his side could move three points away from securing the premier league with a victory. rarely , if ever , does the portuguese coach not know what to say. but after going to great lengths to insist there are ` no problems ' with arsene wenger after the pair clashed on the sidelines at stamford bridge last season , mourinho was stumped by the question that followed. jose mourinho was visibly surprised by a question he was asked at his chelsea press conference.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- president abraham lincoln never lost his ardor for the united states to remain united during the civil war. in his second inaugural address he attempted to salve the nation with an eloquent summation of his philosophy and plans for putting it into practice. '' the spirit of lincoln 's second inaugural was self-evident on april 9 , 1865 -- 150 years ago -- when confederate gen. robert e. lee dramatically surrendered his approximately 28,000 troops to union general ulysses s. grant at appomattox courthouse -lrb- mclean house -rrb- in virginia. over 600,000 americans -- northerners and southerners alike -- had perished in the bloody civil war.
melbourne , australia -lrb- cnn -rrb- a man stands on a beach in a distant land. he is fully dressed ; not a tourist but a freedom fighter. a photograph of this man , beamed around the world , becomes a universal symbol of the struggle against tyranny and the sweet triumph of liberty. the sum total of television programming , beer advertising , political grandstanding and opportunistic marketing suggests that the historical legacy of australia 's involvement in the first world war boils down to a simple equation : young -lrb- white -rrb- man plus distant beach equals sacrifice. last weekend i planted gallipoli rosemary in my backyard ; part of the proceeds go to the avenues of honour , a national project to preserve and restore australia 's living memorials.
tears. all those feelings and more permeated cities , villages and camps around nepal on saturday , after a massive 7.8 magnitude earthquake struck around midday. hours later , after a wave of relentless aftershocks , many people still were too scared to go back inside any buildings. and then there are the hundreds already confirmed dead , not to mention the hundreds more who suffered injuries. below are some accounts from witnesses in the mountainous asian nation , in their own words. anderson , an american who was in nepal for trekking and meditation , was in his hotel room when the quake struck.
surkhet , nepal -lrb- cnn -rrb- ten years ago , with her high school diploma and a backpack , maggie doyne left her new jersey hometown to travel the world before college. she lived in a buddhist monastery , helped rebuild a sea wall in fiji , then went to india and worked with nepalese refugees. there , she met a young girl who wanted to find her family in nepal. do you know a hero ? nominations are open for cnn heroes 2015. '' doyne called her parents and asked them to wire her the $ 5,000 she had earned babysitting.
this is the university equality officer at the centre of a sexism and racism row pictured in front of a ` no white men ' sign showing their tears dripping into a cup. a picture of bahar mustafa , 27 , student union welfare and diversity officer at goldsmiths university in london , pretending to cry was posted online as she was being accused of discrimination. message : this picture of bahar mustafa , the student union welfare and diversity officer at goldsmiths university , shows her posing in front if a ` no white men ' sign while pretending to cry.
western australia -lrb- cnn -rrb- many australians are understandably appalled by the brutal and pointless executions of andrew chan and myuran sukumaran. the death penalty looks anachronistic and ineffective at the best of times , but to kill two people who had clearly made the most of their long periods of incarceration to transform themselves and make amends for their actions looks gratuitous and cruel. state officials can order people to be killed because -- especially in democracies -- we authorize them to do so. we can give no more significant power to another human being than to decide who lives or who dies.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- jon reiter is no stranger to mount everest -- its world-record height , its prestige , its challenges. he learned that again shortly before noon saturday , after a monster magnitude 7.8 earthquake struck nepal. it not only rattled cities like kathmandu and pokhara , but caused avalanches at everest and nearby peaks. he told his wife , susan , about his putting one dead person in a sleeping bag and zipping it up , seeing others killed by the falling ice and collapsing snow , and doing all he could to help others fighting for their lives.
a rare black flamingo amazed bird watchers when it was spotted feeding among a group of the traditionally pink birds in cyprus. the migratory bird was spotted at a salt lake near the british raf base at akrotiri on the island 's south coast close to the resort city of limassol. normally , the graceful birds have a pink hue caused by the levels of beto-carotene in their diet. scroll down for video. ruffling feathers : the unusual black flamingo was spotted near the coastal city of limassol on cyprus by birdwatchers. ' a black flamingo was reportedly last spotted in israel in 2014 and aside from its colour , it is no different to the hundreds of pink flamingos which flock to the salt lakes of cyprus every spring.
so while there were some loud , dirty guitars at the 2015 rock and roll hall of fame induction ceremony in cleveland on saturday night , there was as much recognition for rock 's antecedents in soul and blues , speaking less to a particular taxonomy than a spirit that 's beyond words. it 's easy to talk of such spirit when paul mccartney is there to honor ringo starr , and yoko ono is on hand as well. speaking briefly backstage , ono expressed feeling that it was wonderful for starr to be honored , `` just sad john and george are n't here , '' referring to her late husband john lennon and beatles guitarist and fellow songwriter george harrison.
as every celebrity and fashionista knows , no look is complete without a statement bag. but for many stars , such as madonna who 's been showing off her mock croc ` dealer ' purse , that statement is becoming increasingly controversial , with clutches and handbags emblazoned with unsavoury slogans and pictures. femail takes a look at the worst offenders in the luggage department. madonna 's new handbag has caused a stir for its seemingly drug related slogan , after the pop legend shared a picture of her new luggage with her fans on instagram on sunday. madonna 's new black crocodile handbag has caused a stir for its seemingly drug-related slogan , the word ` dealer ' spelled out in bling diamond lettering.
every year , millions of us pass through on the way to the beaches of the costa del sol or palaces of granada. thanks to a multi-million pound regeneration project , and several new galleries and museums , this once down-at-heel city has become one of europe 's hippest destinations. incoming : the centre pompidou malaga , a pop-up version of the parisian institution , has opened to visitors. along with a thriving cultural scene , there are good restaurants , great shopping and exciting nightlife. this week saw the opening of centre pompidou malaga , the first of several popup versions of the famous parisian gallery planned outside france.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- when photographer johan bavman became a father for the first time , he took more than a passing wonder about how his native sweden is said to be the most generous nation on earth for parental leave. he used his photography to document the real-life experience of other fathers taking full advantage of sweden 's extraordinary program , which allows mothers and fathers to take long , long leaves from their careers so they can care for their newborns. get this : sweden grants a total of 480 calendar days of parental leave , with 390 of them paid at 80 % of income , with a maximum of 3,160 euros a month or $ 3,474.
steven finn believes he has rediscovered the form that made him one of the most exciting fast-bowling prospects in england. finn was overlooked for the west indies tour , but has spent time since the world cup working on his run-up -- and watching videos of his best spells as a reminder of why he became the youngest english bowler to take 50 test wickets. steven finn believes he 's regained his previous best form and is ready to push for an england place. finn admits he 's ` had my trials and tribulations over the last 12 months ' but he 's got his ` head straight ' finn smiles as he helps launch ecb 's club open days on tuesday at brondesbury cricket club.
the petite thai woman sitting by sir john madejski presents herself initially as a typical grandmother. she is also co-chairman of reading football club with madejski. lady sasima srivikorn is in her 70s with an endearing laugh and a royal blue scarf she has knitted especially for saturday 's fa cup semi-final against arsenal at wembley. educated at london 's guildhall school of music and drama in the 1950s , she has been a singer and composer who wrote the theme song for the asian games. the championship club will swap the madejski stadium for wembley on saturday in the fa cup semi-final.
ellie , 10 , and taylor , five , lost their eight-year-old brother harvey last year to a mystery illness , and when easter approached they decided to donate all their eggs to the patients at sheffield children 's hospital where he was cared for. instead the eggs will be donated to sheffield children 's hospital. once the family , from furness vale , derbyshire , posted on facebook , kind strangers began to send eggs - and now there are more than 1,000. some donations have come from as far afield as the us , with many from ireland and scotland and the length and breadth of england.
this is the shocking moment a pit crew member was hit by a car on sunday during the inaugural indycar grand prix of louisiana. todd phillips , a front-outside tire changer for dayle coyne racing , was injured when he was struck by the car of francesco dracone , who had come in on lap 25 for tyres and fuel. todd phillips waits in the pit lane as the car makes a stop during the race in louisiana. the car of francesco dracone spun out of control in the wet conditions as phillips tried to get out the way. the rear end of the car made contact with the pit crew worker sweeping his legs from underneath him.
these incredible photos are about as close to an adult version of where 's wally as you can get. blended into the background , these models are difficult to tell apart from their surroundings. camouflaged in body paint , women pose for the camera against a backdrop of overgrown woodland. a series of pictures by german artist jörg düsterwald show body-painted models camouflaged in woodland. the jaw-dropping artwork is the brainchild of jörg düsterwald , a 49-year-old artist and bodypainter from hameln , germany. jörg has been actively producing body art projects for the last 20 years and uses his body-painting skills in a range of creative projects including advertising , corporate events , and tv marketing campaigns.
a new reddit thread is offering some fascinating insights into the strange lives of men who have purchased mail-order brides. the discussion , which focuses on brides from russia and the philippines and has so far garnered more than 10,000 comments , asked users to spill the beans on what ` surprised ' them the most when they started living with their spouses. ' -lsb- she -rsb- spoke about sex the same way she spoke about housework , ' wrote one , while another confessed : ' i could always tell she was uncomfortable. ' ruse awakening : the reddit thread asked users to spill the beans on what ` surprised ' them the most when they started living with their spouses.
crusaders in chains. journalists tend to be a fund of good stories and robin esser , who has worked in national newspapers for 60 years , is no exception. his best stories are from his days as editor of the william hickey gossip column in the daily express. robin esser -lrb- pictured -rrb- has worked in newspapers for 60 years. fearing a hoax , esser rang blenheim palace , home to the duke of marlborough , where the butler said , haughtily , that the duke never spoke to the press and was in his bath , so could n't be disturbed.
a sting set up by police between hollywood producer harvey weinstein and the woman who claims he groped her has revealed he did not deny touching the model , it has been reported. italian model ambra battilana , 22 , has claimed the 63-year-old hollywood producer asked her for a kiss and groped her during a ` business meeting ' at his tribeca office in manhattan on friday night. but while weinstein has spoken to police and denied the accusations , a recorded conversation between him and battilana shows he did not deny the incident , it has been claimed. out and about : harvey weinstein is pictured leaving his new york townhouse on thursday , nearly a week after he allegedly groped a model.
the former miss italy finalist who has accused film mogul harvey weinstein of molesting her tried to use the accusation to secure a movie role , it has been alleged. ambra battilana , 22 , did not ` co-operate ' with authorities for four days after her initial report to police saying she was groped by weinstein during a ` business meeting ' at his office in manhattan. but once the ` pipe dream ' came to nothing , she decided to pursue the criminal case , sources told the new york post. accusations : italian model ambra battilana , 22 , told police the hollywood producer groped her and put his hand up her skirt during a ` business meeting ' at his tribeca office in manhattan last friday night.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- much like the ardent young royal-watchers of today , enamored by the duchess of cambridge 's very being , i was similarly captivated by diana , princess of wales when i was a youngster. she was a rare breed : stunningly beautiful , immediately accessible , witty , charming and endearingly mischievous -- she was one in a million. as the world awaits the impending birth of william and kate 's second baby , potential names have become the topic of rampant speculation and heated debate. girls ' names are causing the biggest stir , as there seems to be a belief that the couple are expecting a princess.
once in a while , a colossal chunk of ice breaks free from antarctica 's majestic landscape and drifts out into the ocean. in march , nasa was able to capture this remarkable event from space during a process that was months in the making. the monster iceberg , larger than manhattan , was spotted breaking away from west antarctica 's getz ice shelf by the u.s. national ice center -lrb- nic -rrb-. scroll down for video. last month , nasa captured a 17 miles -lrb- 27km -rrb- long iceberg being born in the west antarctica 's getz ice shelf. glaciers in the amundsen sea of west antarctica are losing ice faster than anywhere else on the continent and are the largest contributors to the rise of sea levels.
but over the last year , rob kardashian - brother to kim , kourtney and khloe - has all but disappeared from the media spotlight. and now in newly released clips from this week 's episode of keeping up with the kardashians his family have once again expressed their concern for the once gregarious but now reclusive 28-year-old. scroll down for video. rob kardashian is rarely seen out and about and is thought to have struggled with his weight gain over the recent years. confident and good looking rob was even filmed trying out to be a model having been encouraged to do so by kim.
katia apalategui was inspired after seeing her mother cope with the loss of her husband by clinging to his pillow. seven years ago , katia apalategui 's mother coped with losing her husband by holding on to his pillowcase which his smell clung to. the strong link between smell and memory is the reason her product will provide ` olfactory comfort ' to customers , she says. but the ` made-to-measure ' perfumes will be rather costly and be priced at around 560 euros -lrb- # 400 -rrb-. to help develop her idea , she teamed up with the havre university in france , where researchers have developed a technique to reproduce the human smell.
an american who suffered third-degree burns to 70 per cent of his body in a childhood accident has faced his fears by becoming a firefighter. terry mccarty was just six years old when he was engulfed with flames after his brothers filled a bowl with kerosene which was set alight and accidentally knocked on to him. the 29-year-old , from hawthorne , nevada , endured 58 operations as well as cruel taunts from bullies who called him freddy krueger because of the scars on his face , body and arms. form victim to hero : terry mccarty was just six years old -lrb- left -rrb- when he suffered third-degree burns to 70 per cent of his body in a childhood accident.
conor mcgregor has claimed he would ` kill ' floyd mayweather ` in less than 30 seconds ' if he was ever pitted against the best boxer in the world. mcgregor , who is preparing for his world title fight against ufc featherweight champion jose aldo in july , said mayweather lacked the skills in areas other than boxing. ' i do n't look at a man who 's expert in one area as a specialist , ' he told esquire. if you can box , what happens if i grab hold of your legs ? conor mcgregor , posing here with his new tattoo , has said he would beat floyd mayweather with ease.
thailand 's kiradech aphibarnrat produced a brilliant finish to claim his second european tour title and break chinese hearts in the inaugural shenzhen international on sunday. teenager li hao-tong looked to have done enough to secure a hugely popular victory on home soil , the 19-year-old emerging from a crowded leaderboard to card a closing 67 to finish 12 under par. kiradech aphibarnrat poses with the trophy having won his second european tour title in shenzhen. the players returned to the 18th for the play-off and aphibarnrat completed victory in style , hitting his approach to virtually the same place as he had in regulation and this time holing the birdie putt after li had missed from long range.
a mother-of-three has told of how a boob job saved her life -- as she discovered she had cancer after knocking one of her newly-enlarged breasts. leza davies , from telford , shropshire , believed breast feeding had left her chest saggy and thought implants would boost her confidence. the 33-year-old saved up # 4,000 to go from a 34a to a 34d and was pleased with her new look. scroll down for video. leza davies , 33 , says her boob job saved her life , after she discovered a cancerous lump when she knocked her breast implant on a door frame.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- robert downey jr. is making headlines for walking out of an interview with a british journalist who dared to veer away from the superhero movie downey was there to promote. twitter , of course , is abuzz : did journalist krishnan guru-murthy go too far ? must every interview be a license for a journalist to ask anything he 'd like ? from the start of the 7-minute television interview , it seems evident that downey is not particularly interested in being there , even if being there was , ultimately , a benefit to him -- after all , he 's promoting his latest film , `` avengers : age of ultron.
real madrid are keeping tabs on liverpool contract rebel raheem sterling. bernabeu legend zinedine zidane , now managing the spanish giants ' castilla b-team but long tipped for the no 1 role , insists the club are looking for the world 's best youngsters to add to their squad. the england winger , who has netted six times in the premier league this season , is at loggerheads with the anfield hierarchy over a new deal. zinedine zidane has revealed la liga giants real madrid are keen on signing liverpool winger raheem sterling. zidane -lrb- left , pictured with real madrid boss carlo ancelotti -rrb- has said real are monitoring sterling.
barry bonds has been cleared legally after 11 1/2 years in court. his reputation remains tainted in the mind of many baseball fans. a federal court of appeals threw out the career home run leader 's obstruction of justice conviction on wednesday , ruling 10-1 that his meandering answer before a grand jury in 2003 was not material to the government 's investigation into illegal steroids distribution. overturned : in this april 13 , 2011 , file photo , former baseball player barry bonds leaves federal court in san francisco , after being found guilty of one count of obstruction of justice.
down augusta way they say the azaleas are in full bloom , which is more than can be said for england 's justin rose. a bruising florida swing last month saw the englishman fall outside the world 's top 10. rose 's solution to his miserable form -- three missed cuts and a 55th-place finish at the cadillac championship in four pga tour starts -- was the time-honoured one. for the past two weeks , the 34-year-old has spent long hours on the practice ground. justin rose hit 17 out of 18 greens in regulation and signed for a 69 at the shell houston open.
for many people there is nothing worse than wasting food , especially when it comes to that half eaten loaf of bread. but now bon apetit has come up with a genius way to revive your stale loaf and it involves running it under the tap. and whilst it might sound like an unusual move , they promise that this trick will revive your crusty old bread before dinner time. bon apetit have revealed that the best way to revive a stale loaf of bread is to run it under water before baking it in the oven. it does n't matter if the water is hot or cold but you should try to keep the cut edge away from the direct flow of water.
reanne evans , the 10-time ladies ' snooker world champion , begins her bid to make history and reach the world championship finals. the 29-year-old from dudley would be the first woman ever to reach the crucible should she win three qualifiers , but she faces a tough start in the form of 1997 world champion ken doherty. reanne evans faces ken doherty -lrb- right -rrb- in her first qualifier for the world championship .
sania mirza became the first indian to climb to the top of the wta doubles ranking after she teamed up with swiss great martina hingis to claim the family circle cup title. the 28-year-old won her third successive doubles title with hingis , beating casey dellacqua and darija jurak 6-0 , 6-4 in just 57 minutes , to achieve the top ranking milestone. it 's a dream for every person ; very few get there. sania mirza -lrb- left -rrb- and martina hingis celebrate their victory at the family circle cup on sunday. mirza celebrates after clinching victory with partner hingis in the charleston tournament.
now scientists have identified the unfortunate individual whose bones were found fused to the walls of a cave in lamalunga , near altamura , in southern italy. using analysis of dna extracted from the bones sticking out from the limestone rock , researchers have found he was a neanderthal who fell down a sinkhole around 150,000 years ago. scroll down for video. genetic analysis of the bones -lrb- above -rrb- of ` altamura man ' , found entombed in limestone in a cave in altamura , italy , has revealed that they belong to a neanderthal who fell into the cave 128,000 to 187,000 years ago.
tv chiefs yesterday announced the cornwall-set drama will be coming back for eight more episodes after it helped bbc1 deliver its strongest start to a year for a decade. scroll down for video. fans , rejoice ! aidan turner has been signed up for a second series of bbc period drama poldark. bbc1 boss charlotte moore confirmed that turner 's broody ross would return for another series , alongside actress eleanor tomlinson , who plays love interest -- and now wife -- demelza. ` i can exclusively announce that sunday night 's new phenomenon poldark that has captured the nation 's hearts has been commissioned for a second series , ' mrs moore said , adding that the series had helped bbc1 to an ` outstanding start ' this year.
her trademark hair is thick , glossy and silky smooth. her sapphire blue eyes are piercing and stare icily ahead making little effort to disguise the contempt she feels for all before her. the lady in question is choupette , the moody french sensation taking the modelling world by storm and who , last year , clawed in over # 2 million in fees , outstripping the earnings of bushy-eyebrowed supermodel-of-the-moment cara delevingne. designer karl lagerfeld says : ` she is the centre of the world , when you see her you understand. she is an inspiration for elegance. ' but this starlet who has bewitched the creative director of fashion house chanel is no leggy clothes horse , in fact her legs -- all four of them -- are on the short side.
the us body that regulates internet addresses is looking to crack down on a canadian company using the new '. sucks ' domain name to extract exorbitant sums from celebrities such as kevin spacey and companies looking to protect their reputations. kevin spacey has reportedly paid have his his '. sucks ' domain taken down. kevin spacey is reportedly among celebrities paying out to have their name removed from one of the '. sucks ' domains which opened on 30 march. taylor swift has also had to spend defensively in the past to remove her name from '. adult ' domains attacking her , cnbc reported.
ready , set ... crack ! this is the moment a two-year-old boy is reduced to tears as he loses an easter egg rolling race - before he 's even set off. video footage shows blaine taylor from aberdeen , scotland , competing against his older brother , cody. but as he goes to roll his egg down a grassy hill , he accidentally steps on it with shell and yolk mushed into the ground. immediately blaine starts wailing with tears welling up in his eyes. to date the toddler 's easter egg rolling fail has been watched more than 90,000 times.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- easter is a cornerstone event in the christian faith , but it 's surrounded by interesting quirks. it celebrates the completion of christ 's mission of salvation in the crucifixion and resurrection. by dying on good friday , christ atoned for the sins of others ; by rising from the grave on sunday , christ conquered death. unlike christmas , it does n't fall on the same day every year but shifts around in spring depending upon cosmic events. and that blood moon we just had -- is it pure coincidence that it fell around easter ? -lrb- no.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- seven people -- including illinois state university associate men 's basketball coach torrey ward and deputy athletic director aaron leetch -- died when their small plane crashed while heading back from the ncaa tournament final. the aircraft went down overnight monday about 2 miles east of the central illinois regional airport in bloomington , mclean county sheriff 's office sgt. bill tate said. it was not immediately known who else was on the aircraft , which the national transportation safety board tweeted was a cessna 414. the plane was coming back from the ncaa final four championship game in indianapolis , according to illinois state athletics spokesman john twork.
bayern munich will be without versatile left-back david alaba for the closing stages of the season after he was ruled out for around seven weeks with a torn knee ligament. alaba , out for three months earlier this season after a partial ligament tear in his right knee , was injured while playing for austria in their 1-1 draw against bosnia on tuesday. ' i am bitterly disappointed , ' the 22-year-old told the club 's website. ' david alaba is tackled by emir spahic 's tackle during austria 's 1-1 draw against bosnia-herzegovina. marc janko -lrb- left -rrb- celebrates with martin harnik and alaba after he scored against liechtenstein last friday.
fernando alonso , whose youthful brilliance usurped even michael schumacher in the autumn of his career , considered a life beyond formula one. this full-blooded driver , who has proved himself probably the best of his generation during 15 dazzling yet sometimes turbulent seasons , said mclaren would be his last team and that when he walks out of the paddock for ever he will barely take a backward glance. fernando alonso says he will retire from formula one once his deal with mclaren-honda comes to an end. that will be one third of my life. it will end with great experiences , great memories , great friendships , but normal life will start the day i retire.
dr mehmet oz 's fellow faculty members at columbia have written an op-ed lashing out at how his ` unsubstantiated medicine ... sullies the reputation ' of the university - in just the latest attack on his talk show tactics. the eight staff wrote the op-ed for usa today after 10 doctors urged columbia to sever all ties with oz , who serves as vice chairman and professor of surgery at the college of physicians. those doctors accused him of being a ` charlatan ' who promotes ` quack treatments ' on his syndicated talk show - accusations dr oz has vehemently fought this week.
an unstable middle eastern country has become a potential battlefield for a proxy war. today on cnn student news , hear an explainer on why yemen is the focus of global concern. we also report on the origins of april fools ' day , we detail how a 1,000-year-old recipe could cure a modern-day superbug , and we feature a character study on a woman who 's steering kids to a better life. on this page you will find today 's show transcript and a place for you to request to be on the cnn student news roll call. transcript. click here to access the transcript of today 's cnn student news program.
the wife of a florida chef who was killed by a suspected drunk driver on saturday has given birth his son , only three days following his death. ana granucci davis , 28 , wife of st petersburg chef aaron davis , 31 , gave birth to their son andrew aaron lawrence on tuesday. scroll down for video. aaron davis , head chef at the kitchen , fatally struck by 25-year-old jason lanard mitchell on saturday around 2am , according to police -lrb- aaron pictured right with his wife , ana davis , and their baby girl audrey -rrb-. on tuesday , mrs davis gave birth to their son andrew aaron lawrence davis -lrb- above -rrb- on tuesday , three days after her husband died.
master patissier eric lanlard is on-stage recalling how he once refused to bake a ` very rude ' cake for naomi campbell. learning from the master : tamara shows off the cooking skills she has picked up from eric lanlard. as it happens , when hm toured the cruise ship britannia after the naming ceremony last month , one of the areas she was most impressed with was eric 's atrium-based market café , where the centrepiece is a beautiful , mouth-watering display : dainty , neon-hued raspberry macaroons , eton mess served with popping candy and chocolate salted caramel mille-feuilles.
joy behar and kelly ripa shared their grief on monday over the tragic death of cosmetic surgeon dr fredric brandt who hanged himself at his miami mansion. the city of miami police department confirmed that dr brandt 's death on sunday was a suicide by hanging. an autopsy was scheduled on monday , the coroner confirmed. comedian and former the view star , joy behar , tweeted on monday : ` dr brandt was one of the sweetest , nicest , most generous people i have had the good fortune to meet & work with. ' morning show host , kelly ripa , posted : ` my heart is breaking for the loss of dr. fredric brandt.
tyler walker is a player who could form nottingham forest 's attack for years to come , according to manager dougie freedman. the 18-year-old striker came off the bench to score an impressive first goal of his senior career at brentford on east monday. it took him level with a forest legend of the same surname : his dad des , a scorer just once in 408 games for the club. tyler walker celebrates after scoring his first senior goal for nottingham forest away to brentford. he has managed just 56 minutes in his fledgling career so far , a distance from the 858 senior games , including 59 england caps , of des.
bastia president pierre-marie geronimi has called for french league -lrb- lfp -rrb- president frederic thiriez to step down after he did not come down to the pitch to shake the players ' hands ahead of saturday 's league cup final. ` if you want to be president of a league with 41 clubs instead of 42 , you must go , ' geronimi told rmc radio on sunday. sporting -lsb- bastia -rsb- demands that he goes. ' french league president frederic thiriez -lrb- right -rrb- has been asked to resign by bastia president pierre-marie geronimi. the bastia players look dejected after their league cup final defeat to paris saint germain on saturday.
their less choreographed style of body language gave the impression we were listening to real messages from real people rather than watching spin doctors ' puppets performing. overall i 'm sure miliband 's coaching team will be patting themselves on the back and declaring a win but his gesticulation and approach looked as manicured and choreographed as a torville and dean routine. scroll down for video. nicola sturgeon -lrb- pictured -rrb- is a smiling assassin , making her a tricky opponent for cameron to stand next to. in his après-paxman mode , david cameron -lrb- pictured -rrb- was looking serious and oozing leadership charisma.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- tornadoes , fierce winds and severe thunderstorms with large hail are predicted for the midwest and for the plains , from the ozarks eastward to the lower ohio valley , on thursday and friday , the national weather service said. severe weather is perilous anytime , of course , but cnn meteorologist chad myers says that tornado conditions are more dangerous during the night. scattered storms will soak illinois and missouri , and wind and hail will continue to be moderate in those states , the national weather service said. by thursday afternoon , storms will hit parts of indiana and kentucky.
a virginia man has won the right to see his son , even thought the child was conceived through the woman using a turkey baster , a court has ruled ,. robert preston boardwine provided his friend joyce rosemary bruce with sperm and she impregnated herself using the kitchen accessory in 2010. she had opted for the bizarre method of conception because she believed that the absence of intercourse would mean mr boardwine had no parental rights. unusual method : a court in richmond , virginia , has ruled that even though joyce rosemary bruce impregnated herself using a turkey baster and robert preston boardwine 's sperm , he still has parental rights.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- fast-food outlet burger king will sponsor the wedding of an illinois couple. not just any couple -- these are the nuptials of joel burger and ashley king. they accepted the restaurant chain 's offer to pay for their july affair on monday. `` we are very appreciative of burger king and ca n't thank them enough for their generosity ! '' said king. the couple had a little fun with the name coincidence and posed by a burger king restaurant sign for a photo. they were interviewed by reporter dave bakke of the state journal-register in springfield , the state capital.
aaron ramsey has scored 25 goals for arsenal since the start of last season , none more vital than a dramatic extra-time winner in the fa cup final. but his last one -- the only goal of the game at burnley -- meant the world , because it was for someone special. ` i 've had a tough few weeks , ' said ramsey , who pointed skywards after scoring at turf moor. aaron ramsey celebrates his goal against burnley by dedicating it to his late gran who passed away. ` her name is eileen. it has been a difficult time.
when adam lyth scratched around for 22 in a championship match against nottinghamshire in 2008 , graeme swann branded him a ` walking wicket '. ' lyth , one of six yorkshire players in the england squad that left heathrow on thursday for three tests in the caribbean , hit back in that match seven years ago with a second-innings of 132. yorkshire 's adam lyth fields during day three of the champion county match against the mcc. now he finds himself competing with jonathan trott to be alastair cook 's opening partner at the first test in antigua on april 13.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- a federal grand jury has charged millionaire real estate heir robert durst , a convicted felon , with unlawful possession of a firearm. in this week 's indictment , durst , 71 , is accused of possessing a .38 caliber revolver , which authorities allegedly found in his hotel room last month. he faces a maximum of 10 years in prison if found guilty of that charge , according to the indictment. a louisiana judge ruled last month that durst , who is charged with first-degree murder , will be held without bail at a facility near new orleans.
ahead of golf 's first major of the year , where all talk is of whether rory mcilroy can complete a career grand slam or how tiger woods ' latest comeback will fare , sportsmail 's derek lawrenson will bring daily updates from behind the scenes at augusta. world no 1 rory mcilroy shields himself from the rain during a practice round at augusta. only one problem. his golf clubs. englishman ian poulter was so excited to get started at augusta that he forgot his clubs. so who among the lame , sick and wounded currently playing down their chances is going to confound his own expectations this week ? listening to swede henrik stenson , who 's just getting over a nasty bout of flu , he fits the bill.
with house prices soaring , it 's not easy finding somewhere to live. meet seattle 's rolling neighborhood of rvs , where each unassuming vehicle is a capsule home. the unusual format has been captured in a series of photographs by visual journalist anna erickson. meet bud dodson , 57 , and welcome to his home : an rv in seattle 's sodo where he watches over the parking lot in exchange for a spot. no place like home : john warden , 52 , has turned his $ 200 vehicle into his home after his apartment burned down years ago.
firefighters responded to cries for help - from two parrots. the crew scoured a burning home in boise , idaho , searching for people shouting ` help ! ' and ` fire ! ' eventually , to their surprise , they found a pair of squawking birds. scroll down for video. cry for help ! this is one of the two parrots who were found in a burning home after calling for help. the tropical creatures appeared to have been alone when flames began to sweep the property. they are expected to survive. the fire crew in boise , idaho , thought they were chasing human voices when the found the birds.
a quokka was the innocent victim of a cruel act by two french tourists who tried to set the australian animal alight. the two men allegedly ignited an aerosol spray with a lighter causing a large flame to make contact with a quokka on rottnest island off perth in western australia on april 3. two french male tourists allegedly ignited an aerosol spray with a lighter causing a large flame to make contact with a quokka on rottnest island off perth in western australia on april 3. detectives went to rottnest island on saturday and questioned the two men and also seized video evidence of the careless act.
the name gary - once one of the most popular name in britain - is now heading for extinction. just 28 of 700,000 babies born in the uk in 2013 were given the name , data from the office of national statistics shows. that compares to 235 garys being born in 1996 , when the name was the 147th most popular in britain. all in a name : others suggest that gary lineker , left , or take that singer barlow might have put some off. helped by the popularity of actor gary cooper , there was a surge in garys born in the us in the early 1950s.
a kansas city man who graduated from high school in 1977 has been saying thank you to the teachers that left a lasting impression on his life - by sending them sums of money. kevin perz , 56 , a father-of-four and business owner , has been looking up the teachers he has the fondest memories of from his days at parkway central high school in chesterfield , missouri. it started in 1992 , when he sent a check to his calculus teacher made out for $ 5,000. then in 2002 , he sent a $ 10,000 check to his former business teacher.
scientists claim to have established which diets are most likely to work - and keep the weight off in the long term. from high protein to low fat , calorie counters to slimming shakes , we are bombarded by diet plans promising the holy grail of weight loss. a landmark report claims to have established which diets are most likely to work - and keep the weight off in the long term. the us researchers say very few of these - often very expensive - weight loss plans have solid evidence to back up their claims. in fact , the results suggest only a few programmes have shown their users lose more weight than those not using them.
hundreds of thousands of people who bought british gas shares in the 1980s are in line for a windfall after their investment soared in value last night. the shares are one of the most popular in the uk due to the hugely successful ` tell sid ' advertising campaign when british gas was privatised. the shares are one of the most popular in the uk due to the hugely successful ` tell sid ' advertising campaign when british gas was privatised. the rise came after the oil giant royal dutch shell announced plans to buy bg group in a # 47billion deal.
an aspiring model sobbed uncontrollably yesterday as she was convicted of luring a professional gambler to his death. leonie granger , 25 , targeted playboy mehmet hassan , 56 , after spotting him flashing a roll of # 50 notes at a casino in london 's west end. scroll down for video. killing : leonie granger , left , has been found guilty of manslaughter over the death of mehmet hassan , right. but after going back to his flat with him one night she made her excuses and left the door unlocked so her boyfriend and a second thug could get inside.
at two kilometres in circumference and protected by an imposing 12-metre wall , the ming dynasty 's ` martial city ' had a reputation that struck fear into opposing armies. now archaeologists have begun a daunting project to restore the once-mighty site to something approaching it previous glory , in particular the dilapidated outer wall that repelled every attack which invading mongolian armies could throw at it. among the works being carried out at wanquan castle is the restoration of the fortress ' dilapidated outer wall. workers restore the southern barbican entrance to wanquan castle , which was known as the ming dynasty 's ` martial city ' the fortress was built in 1393 and managed to repel all attacks by the invading mongolian armies.
the shooting of african-american , father-of-four walter scott by a white cop has provoked a torrent of anger and grief from celebrities on social media. mr scott , 50 , was gunned down by officer michael slager on saturday morning in charleston , south carolina , when he ran from the cop. pop star and member of destiny 's child , michelle williams , wrote : ` once again ... #walterscott ' and added a broken heart. singer janelle monáe said : ` this brought tears to my eyes. ' rapper big boi simply tweeted an image of a black square with the words : ' #walterscott '.
the sister of a missing woman who left a popular spanish nightspot with two brits who are now being probed over her disappearance has made a tearful video appeal for information on her whereabouts. older sister gunta fought back tears as she described her sister as ` very beautiful ' and spoke of her despair at the lack of news. tearful : older sister gunta has made an emotional video appeal for information about agnese 's whereabouts. blonde beauty : agnese travelled to marbella to start a summer job at the ocean club in marbella , was wearing a multi-coloured halter neck dress and carrying a large white louis vuitton handbag when she left the club.
royal bank of scotland has racked up # 50billion in losses since it was bailed out by taxpayers and warned last night that it faces another ` tough year '. the state-backed giant reached the milestone yesterday as it lurched to a # 446million loss for the first three months of the year. it comes after rbs was forced to put aside # 856million to cover lawsuits and fines still being decided , including an extra # 334million for its part in rigging the foreign exchange market with other banks. in addition to fines in the us , the latest bill includes provision for compensating customers mis-sold payment protection insurance and fee-paying packaged accounts in the uk.
ahead of this weekend 's premier league action , sportsmail will be providing you with all you need to know about every fixture , with team news , provisional squads , betting odds and opta stats. here is all the information you need for southampton 's home clash with hull ... southampton vs hull city -lrb- st mary 's -rrb-. southampton. southampton midfielder filip djuricic has been ruled out of saturday 's barclays premier league clash with hull because of an ankle injury. midfielder steven davis returns to the team after recovering from an ankle problem , as does defender florin gardos who has been struggling with an unspecified knock.
researchers in north carolina claim that zapping the brain with a mild electric current can boost creativity by nearly eight per cent. they tested their theory using a 10-hertz current on the brain 's of 20 volunteers to stimulate the brain 's natural alpha wave oscillations. researchers in north carolina claim that zapping the brain with a mild electric current can boost creativity by nearly eight per cent. ' alpha oscillations occur within the frequency range of eight and 12 hertz 9 -lrb- or cycles per second -rrb-. they were discovered in 1929 by hans berger , who invented eeg. alpha oscillations happen most prominently when we close our eyes and shut out sensory stimuli -- things we see , feel , taste , smell , and hear.
adrian heath is holding court at his weekly pre-match press conference , and one of the local reporters wants to talk crossbars. might it be a good idea to raise it a bit so more goals could be scored for the benefit of goal-hungry american fans ? the well-travelled former everton and manchester city midfielder -- now manager of the newest mls team orlando city -- responds with good humour. scroll down for video. adrian heath is manager of the newest mls team orlando city. heath has been here for eight years now and witnessed the process at first hand , going from the backwoods of the usl to the major leagues that orlando have been elevated to this season.
repeated visits to doctors were met with the same conclusion - the 31-year-old was most likely suffering a ` simple ' virus. the father-of-one , whose wife kate is expecting their second child in june , was dismissed by doctors five times in two months - despite reporting on one visit that he was coughing up blood. but , after noticing a dull ache in his ribs , and coughing up more blood , he was taken to a&e. there , an x-ray revealed a devastating diagnosis - mr rowe was suffering an aggressive lung cancer that had spread to his liver and bones.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- `` my son served in the army for four years. he served because we love our country. they 're squeezed in with two other families. her family is among the dozens of americans caught in the crossfire of warring parties in yemen. and although many other countries evacuated their citizens , india most notably ferrying out around 5,000 , the united states has said it is too dangerous for them to directly evacuate american nationals. for more than three weeks , neighboring saudi arabia has been conducting airstrikes in yemen. they want to drive out the shiite houthi rebels , whose opposition to the government grew from protests to a takeover of government buildings and some territory.
hong kong -lrb- cnn -rrb- chinese president xi jinping and indian prime minister narendra modi are two dynamic leaders at the helm of the world 's two most populous nations. when india successfully placed a spacecraft into orbit around mars last year , modi reveled in the moment. `` the success of our space program is a shining symbol of what we are capable of as a nation. '' soon after the galactic feat , he took to the stage at new york 's famous madison square garden and received a welcome so rapturous that jon stewart called him `` america 's first modi.
reality star ` mama ' june shannon and her estranged husband mike ` sugar bear ' thompson have filed a missing persons report after his older brother disappeared three days ago. billy thompson was last seen on saturday at sugar bear 's home in mcintyre , georgia , where mama june 's daughter jessica was preparing to go to prom. scroll down for video. reality star ` mama ' june shannon and her estranged husband mike ` sugar bear ' thompson have filed a missing persons report after his older brother disappeared three days ago. billy thompson , center , was last seen on saturday at sugar bear 's home in mcintyre , georgia , where mama june 's daughter jessica was preparing to go to prom.
a mother was horrified to find a dead gecko stuck to the lining of a jacket she bought from asda. paula dunican spent # 25 on the baby blue coat at her local branch in canterbury , kent. inside , a four inch-long gecko was flattened , its scales imprinted onto the fabric. paula dunican was horrified when she found the body of a crushed lizard on the lining of a # 25 coat from asda. ' the supermarket has offered her a refund and # 40 voucher , adding that the reptile may have climbed into one of the boxes transporting clothes from vietnam where they are made.
peter moore -lrb- above -rrb- , from stoke-on-trent , staffordshire , received a letter from hm revenue and customs last week telling him he had died. a father-of-two has been sent a letter from the government telling him he is dead. peter moore was shocked after receiving the document from hm revenue and customs -lrb- hmrc -rrb- last week. the letter was addressed to the ` representative ' of peter william john moore and apologised for the family 's ` recent bereavement '. the 47-year-old pottery factory worker , from stoke-on-trent , staffordshire , yesterday demanded an apology from the government.
this is according to the national radio astronomy observatory who is objecting to proposals by irobot to release a radio wave-guided lawnmower. it claims irobot 's machines will interfere with its sensitive radio telescopes which astronomers are using to pick up signs of alien life. this is according to the national radio astronomy observatory who is objecting to proposals by irobot to release a radio wave-guided lawnmower. irobot is famous for creating self-guided roomba machines. the problem is the frequency band proposed for the lawnbot is 6240-6740 mhz - the same one several large radio telescopes operate on. ' irobot , who has created self-guided roomba vacuum cleaners , has filed a request with the u.s. federal communications commission to use airwaves for its latest design.
the senate democratic leader , harry reid , says he may never again see out of one eye. ' i am sightless in my right eye , ' he told fusion and univision anchor jorge ramos. ' ` right now , i 've had 11 hours of surgery. scroll down for video. senate minority leader harry reid is pictured here on monday in his home state of nevada. reid said in an interview this week that he might not ever be able to see out of his right eye again following a january accident. the lawmaker 's tale of how he came to sustain broken bones in his face while working out in his nevada home with a plastic exercise band is one that has been questioned , mostly by conservatives , especially after reid announced last month that he would retire.
english cricket 's new broom swept dramatically through the national team on wednesday night when paul downton paid the price for their woeful world cup by being sacked as managing director. the move came a day ahead of an ecb board meeting that was meant to discuss the future of a figure who has endured a traumatic time since replacing hugh morris in the aftermath of the ashes whitewash. downton was a supporter of cook as test captain but was persuaded to sack him as one-day captain three weeks before the disastrous world cup campaign. the new ` director of england cricket ' might think cook needs to go back to scoring runs at the top of the order after failing to convince as a tactician.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- editor 's note : ines dumig was recently announced as a center grant recipient. sahra , a somali refugee , left her home at 14 years old. throughout her journey in search of asylum , she managed to overcome dangers and discomforts. but she never gave up , and she continuously reminded herself to keep going. '' dumig met sahra through a photo workshop at refugio , a shelter in munich , germany , for refugees and torture victims. '' the number of refugees seeking asylum in the european union increased by 25 % last year , with germany receiving the most applications.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- if you 've been following the news lately , there are certain things you doubtless know about mohammad javad zarif. he is , of course , the iranian foreign minister. he has been u.s. secretary of state john kerry 's opposite number in securing a breakthrough in nuclear discussions that could lead to an end to sanctions against iran -- if the details can be worked out in the coming weeks. and he received a hero 's welcome as he arrived in iran on a sunny friday morning. '' an internet search for `` mohammad javad zarif '' and `` jovial '' yields thousands of results.
this garden gnome might not look like much but he is now worth # 17,000 -- with a little help from his friends. the cardboard gnome was signed by all four members of the beatles after starring on the iconic cover of the fab four 's 1967 album sgt pepper 's lonely hearts club band. the cardboard gnome was signed by all four members of the beatles after starring on the iconic cover of the fab four 's 1967 album sgt pepper 's lonely hearts club band. the tiny cardboard gnome is next to the legs of george harrison , who is wearing red on the album 's cover art.
audio of a woman 's cell phone call to 911 -- in which she said she 'd been locked and trapped inside a trunk after an armed man had approached her -- has been released. the unidentified woman 's conversation with a dispatcher was revealed by abc news. the woman was allegedly kidnapped thursday in a parking lot in loveland , colorado , police there said in a news release. in the phone call , the dispatcher asked ' 911 , what 's the address of the emergency ? ' ' i do n't know. scroll down for video. scene : a woman was allegedly forced into her car by a man at this loveland , colorado , shopping center on thursday before she was later locked inside her trunk.
ahead of this weekend 's premier league action , sportsmail will be providing you with all you need to know about every fixture , with team news , provisional squads , betting odds and opta stats. here is all the information you need for tottenham 's home clash with aston villa ... tottenham hotspur vs aston villa -lrb- white hart lane -rrb-. tottenham. kyle walker and hugo lloris are absent for tottenham , while jan vertonghen is a doubt for this weekend 's match against aston villa. england right-back walker is unavailable after sustaining a foot injury in last week 's draw at burnley - a match goalkeeper lloris missed through a knee injury which continues to keep him sidelined.
a student at juniata college has lived in a hut built out of fallen trees , leaves and a tarp since september for his senior research project on simple living. dylan miller , a senior at juniata college , in huntingdon , pennsylvania , studying english and philosophy , decided for his senior project that he would live in a hut deep in the woods about a half-hour 's walk from campus to learn about living with only the necessities. with no plumbing or electricity , miller has spent the last eight months studying by lantern and chasing away the occasional bear as his fellow students live comfortably in their dorm rooms.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- on the surface , the mix-up seems incomprehensible : how can a volunteer sheriff 's deputy accidentally fire a handgun instead of a taser , killing a man ? that 's apparently what happened in tulsa , oklahoma , when a 73-year-old reserve deputy , robert bates , killed eric harris. bates said he meant to use his stun gun but ended up firing his handgun instead. i 'm sorry , '' bates said in a video of the shooting. in a well-publicized 2009 case , a bay area rapid transit police officer fired his gun instead of his taser , killing 22-year-old oscar grant in oakland , california.
but for anyone with a few hundred thousand to spare , it could be a dream come true. an idyllic two-bedroom log cabin , nestled down a private country lane in the heart of the new forest , has gone on the market for # 350,000. the 76sq ft hideaway , based near the tiny hampshire hamlet of newgrounds , near godshill , is made entirely from timber imported from norway. scroll down for video. an idyllic two-bedroom log cabin , nestled down a private country lane in the heart of the new forest , has gone on the market for # 350,000.
police remain hopeful they will find missing 11-year-old luke shambrook who went missing from a campsite in victoria on friday. an increased number of police and other emergency crews continue to scour the thick bushland areas around lake eildon in an effort to find the boy. search co-ordinator acting senior sergeant andrew walker said luke had a `` very high pain tolerance '' , a factor that would work in his favour given he has now been missing for days. scroll down for video. luke shambrook was last seen on the national park at 9.30 am on good friday. it is understood he wandered off and has not been seen since.
royal dutch shell plc said it. order to remove greenpeace activists who climbed aboard an oil. rig in the pacific ocean bound for the arctic on monday in a. protest against arctic drilling. the environmental group said in a statement its team would. occupy the underside of the main deck of the polar pioneer ,. with the names of millions of people opposed to arctic drilling. the group said the activists would not interfere with the. scroll down for video. on the rig : greenpeace activists scale the polar pioneer drill rig in the pacific ocean. map : the activists boarded the rig just 750 miles northwest of hawaii as it makes its journey to the arctic.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- lois lilienstein , co-star of `` sharon , lois & bram 's elephant show '' -- the canadian preschool show that ran on nickelodeon during the early 1990s -- has died , aged 78. her son , david lilienstein , told cbc news that his mother died in toronto on wednesday night from a rare form of cancer first diagnosed last october. lilienstein was born in chicago in 1936 and moved to toronto in 1996 with her son and her husband , ernest. she joined sharon hampson and bram morrison to launch their singing trio in 1978. the tv show `` sharon , lois & bram 's elephant show '' ran on cbc in canada from 1984 to 1989 , before continuing in reruns on nickelodeon stateside until 1995.
a polish lady was bestowed the enviable opportunity of bottle feeding one of the largest and perhaps most majestic felines in the world -- the jaguar. the woman known only as goska , has spent some time volunteering at criadouro onça pintada in brazil and has mixed with a number of exotic animals while there. among them was one-year-old rescued jaguar , perseu who was captured on video being bottle-fed by the polish volunteer , while at the jaguar breeding project. standing in a doorway , goska holds a bottle for the large feline , who drinks from it with great enthusiasm.
as passengers waited to collect their luggage from the baggage reclaim , they were in for a shock when they discovered a man asleep on the conveyor. the incredible footage was shot at domodedovo airport in russia , and shows a man lying in the foetal position seemingly away with the fairies. a man decided to have a snooze on the airport baggage reclaim , not looking too comfortable. while the rubber may well be more comfortable than the airport floor , the swinging motion of the conveyor make it a less-than comfortable snooze. it 's not the first instance where passengers have decided to relax on the baggage reclaim.
a devoted chinese father is desperately trying to raise money to pay his son 's huge medical bills by dressing up a horse and begging people to ride him. the unusual fundraising is part of a desperate bid to raise money for his nine-year-old son chen minghao , who is suffering from leukaemia. he is frantically trying to raise money for his son 's ever-growing medical bills for his cancer treatment. mr chen kneels on the ground as he begs and has a sign , explaining his plight. the family are already in huge debt after son minghao underwent 20 course of chemotherapy for leukaemia , and now the cancer has returned.
the chelsea forward has a capital one cup medal to his name this season while his side are currently commanding a six-point lead at the summit of the premier league standings. the 23-year-old also scored in brazil 's recent 3-1 victory against france in paris for good measure. ahead of chelsea 's clash with stoke at stamford bridge on saturday , the brazilian took to his instagram account to post a picture of him swigging from a bottle of sweets. chelsea star oscar messes around on his instagram account ahead of saturday 's clash with stoke. oscar fires past mamadou sakho in the 40th minute during brazil 's 3-1 victory over france in paris.
claims by the country 's biggest food bank network that it served a million hungry people in a year were exposed as false yesterday. after the labour party and trades union congress seized on the figure , with shadow work and pensions secretary rachel reeves describing it as ` shocking ' , the trussell trust admitted in a climbdown that ` these are not all unique users '. scroll down for video. it emerged last night that the true number of food bank users is likely to be no more than half a million. the claim was widely reported by newspapers , while the bbc ran a headline on its website stating : ` food banks used by `` more than one million people ''.
the handsome italian maths teacher who has taken the internet by storm for being the perfect mix of beauty and brains has spoken out about his new-found fame. in an interview with the times , boselli , an advanced maths lecturer with a phd , said that when he was trying to establish himself as a teacher , he did n't want to include his work for fashion companies such as abercrombie and fitch on his cv and was less than proud of his alternative career. scroll down for video. not your average teacher : wearing a tiny pair of green shorts , 26-year-old advanced maths teacher pietro boselli admits he tried to keep his double life as a model a secret from colleagues and students at ucl.
after years of suffering behind its barbed wire fences , watching those they loved waste away before their eyes while nazi guards systematically slaughtered them by the tens of thousands - this is the moment the inmates of bergen-belsen watched as the death camp was burned to the ground. steeped in human misery , these huts once contained the bodies of thousands of jews , gypsies , homosexuals , nazi opponents and the disabled , sent to an inhuman death by adolf hitler and his demented regime. diarist anne frank , and her sister margot , also died here. these hellish images , which were taken by british reverend charles martin king parsons , captured that poignant moment in history for future generations to remember.
the i 'm a celebrity ... get me out of here ! franchise has taken a leap from the australian jungle to a theme park just off the a320 in chertsey , surrey. after six months of planning , on 27 march thorpe park launched the world 's first i 'm a celebrity themed maze , inspired by the hit tv show. scroll down for video. the new ` i 'm a celebrity ... get me out of here ! ' maze at thorpe park resort is now open to the public. new bush tucker trials invite both young and old theme park guests to be king or queen of the jungle.
have you ever panicked about whether you locked the front door , been woken by a facebook notification or desperately needed a phone charger ? to deal with these sorts of everyday emergencies , one company has designed a range of prototype products. you can vote on which one is your favourite - and the winner will be made into an actual product , funded through a kickstarter campaign. scroll down for video. these include forgetting to lock the door , which one company hopes to solve with their forget me lock prototype , shown. the products were designed as part of the direct line everyday fix design makeathon.
hillary clinton 's now-famous mystery mobile , an oversized , armored chevy van , stopped in iowa on tuesday long enough for photographers to catch a glimpse of the vehicle that hauled the former secretary of state from new york to the american midwest. unlike on monday when hillary stopped at an ohio chipotle for lunch , she popped into a coffee house in le claire , iowa , for a cup of joe - and of tea. scroll down for video. and she 's off : hillary clinton gets ready to board the armored chevy van which she is using to tour iowa.
a woman wearing just a bra and a flared mini skirt sashays across a room , where a smartly dressed man awaits. it could be an outtake from a film noir movie of yesteryear or even a discarded scene from the hit recent film fifty shades of grey. in fact , it 's an advert from cosmetics giant revlon for their latest lipstick. the stylish ad is filmed entirely in black and white , with just a slick of pink visible on the woman 's lips. scroll down for video. revlon 's latest lipstick advert looks suspiciously familiar ... it 's shot in black and white , the only colour being the pop of pink on the woman 's lips.
but sometimes , their wishes bring tears to her eyes , and offer a glimpse of painful struggles in their young lives. there 's a student who misses her father : `` i have n't seen him in six years. '' the assignment sprang from the kinds of conversations teachers have all the time , schwartz said : `` what do our students need ? how can we best serve them ? '' schwartz always gives her students the option to write their names on their notes or remain anonymous ; of sharing them only with her , or with the entire class.
a historic spacex launch that could change the way man gets to space blasted off today from florida under perfect conditions. within minutes of liftoff , the california company was making its third attempt to land the leftover booster on an ocean platform. billionaire founder , elon musk , tweeted : ` ascent successful. dragon enroute to space station. rocket landed on droneship , but too hard for survival. ' scroll down for video. the booster appears to have landed but elon musk said that ` excess lateral velocity ' caused it to tip over. spacex said it will post a video in the next few days , but images tweeted by musk reveal that the booster landed successfully.
grappling on the sand and roared on by a vociferous sell-out crowd , these two powerhouses of senegalese wrestling trade mighty blows with one another. the two famous wrestlers , balla gaye 2 and eumeu sene , competed in the crunch match dubbed ` le choc ' at demba diop stadium in the capital of dakar. scroll down for video. heavyweights : balla gaye -lrb- left -rrb- grapples with the bulky frame of eumeu sene at dakar 's demba diop stadium during ` le choc ' in the zone : heavyweight balla gaye 2 arrives to a ritual before the bout - but he lost to eumeu sene in ` le choc ' yesterday.
7-eleven is hosting the first bring-your-own-cup slurpee day at united states stores from 11 a.m. to 7 p.m. saturday to kick off peak slurpee season. this shot at brain freeze is n't free , but customers at participating stores can fill their `` cup '' of choice for $ 1.49 , the average cost of a medium slurpee. in-store displays with a 10-inch-diameter hole will rule out anything too ridiculously large for slurpee consumption , and cups must be sanitary. `` from sand buckets to trophies , customers can unleash their creativity by bringing in their choice of a unique , fun slurpee cup , '' said laura gordon , 7‑eleven 's vice president of marketing and brand innovation , in a statement.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- the graffiti , written in a french chalk quarry and dating back almost 100 years , is plain and stark. 13/7/16. sa australia , '' reads one inscription. `` ha deanate , 148th aero squadron , usa. `` 9th batt australians , g. fitzhenry , paddington , sydney , n.s.w. , 1916 july ; alistair ross , lismore , july , '' reads a third. they were world war i soldiers , four of almost 2,000 , whose writings have recently been found underneath battlefields near naours , france , about 120 miles north of paris. photographer jeff gusky , who has been chronicling details of the site , describes the inscriptions -- and the underground city in which they were found -- as `` breathtaking.
' click on a location marker in the map below to hear common phrases for each state. .. do n't none of y’ all work as hard as i do - virginia. we all use night-crawlers anymore - iowa. now researchers at yale university have revealed these patterns by documenting the subtle differences in sentence structure across the us. their interactive map allows you to click on a location and see common phrases for a region , as well as its source. ` unlike variation in phonology -lrb- often referred to as accent -rrb- and in the lexicon -lrb- different words -rrb- , variation in grammatical systems within english has for the most part not been systematically investigated , ' says larry horn , professor of linguistics and philosophy at yale university.
an 84-year-old man has died in hospital from severe burns to his upper body - nearly a month after he accidentally set himself on fire with a cigarette while driving along a suburban new york road. christopher flowers was traveling down chili avenue , near route 390 , in rochester on march 9 when he dropped a lit cigarette into his shirt , causing several layers of clothing to burst into flames. he immediately pulled over and tried to extract the burning cigarette from his top. as the flames surrounded the pensioner 's head , three good samaritans pulled over and frantically tried to extinguish the blaze - at first , using their hands , then by hurling the man into a snow bank.
the attorney representing a 16-year-old pennsylvania boy charged with fatally shooting a friend in the face and then taking a selfie with his lifeless body stated in court wednesday that the killing was an accident. defense attorney patrick thomassey does n't deny that maxwell morton , of jeannette , killed 16-year-old ryan mangan at mangan 's home february 4. scroll down for video. maxwell morton -lrb- left -rrb- , 16 , has been charged with murder in the death of mangan -lrb- right -rrb- , 16 , after mangan was found with a single gunshot wound to the face. headed for trial : morton , seen here being led in handcuffs into a courthouse wednesday , was ordered to stand trial for the alleged murder.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- australian prime minister tony abbott has been caught on camera guzzling a glass of beer in seven seconds amid raucous cheers from onlookers. and observers were quick to point out that abbott had previously criticized binge drinking in australia. abbott was in a sydney pub on saturday evening when a group of australian rules football players invited him to have a drink with them. the prime minister accepted and even gave a short , impromptu speech , one of the football coaches , simon carrodus , told the australian woman 's weekly. `` then he proceeds to reach down and grab a schooner and he drank from head-to-toe the entire schooner , dribbling little bits on his shirt ... tipped it upside down on his head.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- mike rowe is coming to a river near you. on thursday 's episode of `` somebody 's got ta do it , '' rowe meets up with chad pregracke , the founder of living lands & waters , who does just that. since he founded the nonprofit in 1998 at the ripe age of 23 , pregracke and more than 87,000 volunteers have collected 8.4 million pounds of trash from u.s. waterways. those efforts helped him earn the 2013 cnn hero of the year award , along with numerous other honors. just organize it and do it , '' he told cnn 's anderson cooper after his win.
manchester united have been brilliant in the second half of the season but the defeat at everton was a timely reminder that they still have a long way to go. united played like sunderland on a bad day -- they were that horrendous. it 's no surprise to those of us who can see his quality and importance to united , but without michael carrick they look far more beatable. i ca n't see how everton score that first goal if carrick is on the pitch. louis van gaal needs some big signings in the summer to turn manchester united into title contenders.
tv presenter lisa oldfield decided she had to make a change to tackle her weight after her son sketched an unflattering portrait of her. the 40-year-old former channel 9 host said she barely recognised herself in the drawing , and was horrified to think her sons harry , 4 , and bert , 2 , saw her that way. scroll down for video. tv presenter lisa oldfield decided she had to make a change to tackle her weight after her son drew this unflattering portrait of her. oldfield shared with daily mail australia a picture of her stomach when she removed bandages after the surgery.
mariel hemingway was just 16 years old when she starred as woody allen 's teenage girlfriend in the controversial romantic-comedy ` manhattan '. but despite her grandfather 's success , there was a dark side to her last name , which the now 53-year-old has recounted in two new novels , released tuesday. on top of the world : mariel hemingway , 53 , has her life in order and has written two revealing books about growing up in a family riddled with depression , alcoholism and suicides. independent : mariel hemingway , the granddaughter to literary legend ernest hemingway , had written a new book where she describes overcoming the legacy of mental illness , addiction , and suicide in her family.
the u.s. senate voted on. thursday to approve loretta lynch as president barack obama 's. next attorney general , ending a five-month deadlock that made. lynch wait longer for confirmation than the last seven attorneys. the first black woman to become the top u.s. law enforcement. official , lynch , 55 , was approved by a 56-43 vote. curiously absent from the final vote was texas senator ted cruz - a key opponent of lynch 's nomination. he was the only member of the senate who did not cast a vote. a copy of a cruz for president invitation later began flying around twitter that showed the gop presidential candidate had skipped town early to make an appearance at a fundraiser at the home of former texas rangers owner and billionaire tom hicks.
a los angeles judge agreed with the governor 's decision to reject parole for a charles manson follower imprisoned 43 years for two brutal murders. bruce davis ' record shows there is ` some evidence ' he is dangerous and should n't be freed , superior court judge william c. ryan wrote in a decision filed wednesday. davis , 72 , was convicted in the 1969 slayings of musician gary hinman and stuntman donald ` shorty ' shea and sentenced to life in prison in 1972. then and now : bruce davis , charles manson 's former follower -lrb- pictured left in 1970 and right in march 2014 -rrb- , has been denied parole after spending 43 years in prison for a double homicide in 1969.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- italians have a saying : `` too much of something cripples it. there are nearly 5,000 `` gems '' scattered across the country , ranging from museums to archaeological areas and monuments. italy boasts the highest number of unesco world heritage sites in the world -- 50 , several of which risk crumbling to the ground due to neglect and lack of public resources. the unesco-listed basilica of assisi , where st. frances ' tomb lies , is just the last of a series of national shames. in a desperate move the monks have launched a crowdfunding project to raise 500,000 euros.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- `` sopranos '' theorists now have a little more to chew on. show creator david chase went through the famous final scene for dga quarterly and revealed the reasoning behind each shot. what he did n't reveal , however , was whether series protagonist tony soprano lives or dies. ` sopranos ' ending ? let it be. for those who do n't recall the finale , which aired in june 2007 , mobster tony soprano is meeting his family for dinner at holsten 's , a real-life diner and ice cream parlor in bloomfield , new jersey. he picks a song on the jukebox : journey 's `` do n't stop believin '.
the stars of married at first sight embark on their honeymoons on tonight 's episode of the fyi series , but all three of the couples quickly find themselves experiencing some serious trouble in paradise. jaclyn methuen , who nearly left husband ryan ranellone at the altar because she deemed him too unattractive , continues to put her new husband in the ` friend zone ' during their romantic trip to puerto rico and at one point the 30-year-old even admits to him that she wanted to be a runaway bride. i just feel pure disappointment , ' ryan , 29 , says in a web exclusive clip from the episode.
louis van gaal could n't let the moment pass. manchester united had just rattled off their 13th home win of the season and the dutchman wanted to crank up the pressure. a comfortable victory over aston villa , inspired by two goals from the excellent ander herrera and crowned by wayne rooney 's magnificent strike , had seen united leap above manchester city in the table for the first time since november 23 , 2013. but now , as they head into their latest local squabble , there is mounting confidence around old trafford that united will not surrender their position.
the size of sky sports ' gamble in paying an astonishing # 11millon a game to retain their premier league tv rights has led to the company having to re-address their entire sports strategy. this will see sky concentrate on their live rights in every sport while reducing the support programming and those leaving the network are not being automatically replaced. sky sports will pay # 11millon a game to broadcast premier league football for three years starting in 2016. graeme souness , thierry henry and ed chamberlain on sky 's super sunday coverage of the premier league. francis , who prefers to speak off the cuff , was using a prepared script on this important occasion and one department asked for a copy to show sky personnel who missed the meeting.
making medical history : mother-of-13 annegret raunigk , 65 , from berlin , who is due to give birth to quadruplets in weeks. but annegret raunigk is set to become the oldest woman in the world to have quadruplets -- at the age of 65. the german primary school teacher will give birth in a matter of weeks to four babies , conceived following 18 months of fertility treatment. miss raunigk , who features in a documentary on german television tonight , said she was not too worried about the birth , adding : ` i feel fit. ' she is in her 21st week of pregnancy after being artificially inseminated , using both donated sperm and eggs.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- in 2013 , `` the bible '' broke ratings records on the history channel , so of course , a sequel was ordered up -- and this one is on nbc. the new miniseries from mark burnett and roma downey is one of six shows to watch this week. 1. the bible continues , '' 9 p.m. et sunday , nbc. just in time for easter , the peacock network debuts the `` bible '' sequel , picking up with jesus ' resurrection and following the early days of christianity. nbc scored on picking up the follow-up to the smash cable hit , starring juan pablo di pace as jesus and greta scacchi as mary -lrb- replacing downey in the role -rrb-.
who has been liverpool 's player of the season ? had you asked that question 12 months ago , the answer would have been glaring : luis suarez. for his 31 goals and his breathtaking displays , the accolade could only have gone to the uruguayan. had it been a ` normal ' season , steven gerrard , daniel sturridge , philippe coutinho and raheem sterling would all have been worthy recipients. jordan henderson was outstanding. martin skrtel was a big presence. luis suarez was clearly liverpool 's player of last season after the striker scored 31 goals in the campaign.
boston -lrb- cnn -rrb- guilty across the board. but will he face death ? after deliberating for 11 1/2 hours , jurors found dzhokhar tsarnaev guilty on wednesday of all 30 counts he faced in the boston marathon bombing trial. seventeen of the 30 counts were capital charges , meaning he is eligible for the death penalty. the trial will next move into a penalty phase , where the jury will hear testimony and arguments from both sides and ultimately be tasked with deciding whether tsarnaev , 21 , will be executed. jurors will be asked to weigh aggravating factors such as the heinousness of his crimes against mitigating factors such as his family and mental health history , as well as his relative youth.
adding to our divisions is a harsh public atmosphere where politicians are preoccupied with how they can win the next election or give the best sound bite , and where lobby groups work to protect their narrow self-interests while ignoring a broader vision of what is best for our country. i felt called to help after knowing that members of 350,000 ohio families had lost their jobs and were looking to get back on their feet. ohio is much stronger today. for example , we have gone from 89 cents in our rainy day fund and an $ 8 billion shortfall to now having one of the nation 's strongest state budgets and a nearly $ 2 billion surplus.
-lrb- the hollywood reporter -rrb- richard dysart , the emmy-winning actor who portrayed the cranky senior partner leland mckenzie in the slick , long-running nbc drama `` l.a. law , '' has died. dysart , who also played coach in the original 1972 broadway production of jason miller 's pulitzer prize-winning `` that championship season , '' died sunday at home in santa monica after a long illness , his wife , artist kathryn jacobi , told the hollywood reporter. the acclaimed `` l.a. law '' -- created by steven bochco -lrb- who eventually handed off the series to david e. kelley -rrb- and terry louise fisher -- aired for eight seasons from 1986 to 1994.
cleared : 53-year-old graeme finlay , a former naval serviceman. a cruise ship passenger was yesterday cleared of beating up two elderly holidaymakers in a row over rudeness at the dinner table. graeme finlay , 53 , went on trial after retired engineer ron phillips , 70 , and his wife june , 69 , were knocked unconscious in the incident outside their cabin on board the thomson celebration luxury liner. after being cleared finlay , an ex-naval serviceman from glasgow , said : ` it 's been hell. ' the frail couple accused finlay of an unprovoked attack that left the grandfather with a gash to his forehead and his wife with two fractured vertebrae.
scroll down for video. the ` love call ' notes are posted at traffic lights on sydney 's george street near australia square. actively looking : missie smile is hoping the generous stranger will get in contact. the ` love call ' notices , posted on george street at australia square in sydney 's cbd , are appealing to the man with ` the most beautiful smile ' who was in the area about ' 7:10 pm-ish ' on tuesday evening. ' people struggled against the heavy rain and strong winds in the sydney cbd as the storm lashed nsw on tuesday this week.
while the other members of the newcastle five have managed a paltry 44 minutes of football between them , the slovenian has positively thrived at rangers. so much so , in fact , that he admits any possibility of staying at ibrox beyond the end of this season would be an immensely attractive option. vuckic has denied a report on tyneside stating he had already declared his intention to quit st james park , where he has one year left on his contract. haris vuckic has thrived at rangers under new manager stuart mccall. by then , he will also know whether rangers have fulfilled their aim of promotion via the play-offs.
easter is here ! and whilst many australians are enjoying an abundance of sugary treats , many are wondering how much it 's going to cost them around the waistline. ' this means that the energy we put into our bodies through food and drink must be equated with exercise to burn the energy and avoid gaining weight. a small chocolate bunny contains 2212 kjs and would take an hour and ten minutes of swimming to work off. indulging in two hot cross buns -lrb- without jam and butter -rrb- will take up to 50 minutes of running to work off.
he 's been mocked for his inability to eat a bacon sandwich properly and likened to cartoon character wallace - but that did n't prevent ed miliband from coming top in the sex appeal stakes during last night 's debate. moments after the labour leader finished speaking , fans took to twitter to coo adoringly about his ` sexy grey tie ' and his smouldering looks. one rather breathless tweet read : ` miliband is totally talking to me and no one else , you sexy beast. so hot right now : ed miliband 's looks proved a hit with twitter users during last night 's debate.
new york -lrb- cnn -rrb- when liana barrientos was 23 years old , she got married in westchester county , new york. a year later , she got married again in westchester county , but to a different man and without divorcing her first husband. only 18 days after that marriage , she got hitched yet again. in 2010 , she married once more , this time in the bronx. in an application for a marriage license , she stated it was her `` first and only '' marriage. barrientos , now 39 , is facing two criminal counts of `` offering a false instrument for filing in the first degree , '' referring to her false statements on the 2010 marriage license application , according to court documents.
the red wings ' drew miller says he 's eager to hit the ice again just a day after receiving a cut that could have cost him his eyesight. ` very lucky ' skating with a full face mask during practice , the detroit forward openly bore a gruesome red wound that required 50 to 60 stitches to close along multiple layers of skin , the detroit free press reports. gruesome : miller was left with a scar across his eye , but reportedly did n't suffer any damage to his eyesight after another player cut him across his face. the incident occurred shortly after a faceoff during the first period of tuesday 's game between the red wings and the senators.
if you are an aspiring manager in english football and you are black , you get used to one thing : when an opportunity comes your way , it 's going to be the managerial equivalent of a hospital pass. sorry , but it 's true. you get the football version of mopping up the toilets. chris ramsey , the only black manager in the premier league , is a classic example. ramsey is a fine coach who has been overlooked for countless jobs. chris ramsey -lrb- right -rrb- and kevin hitchcock watch qpr hammer west brom to keep their survival hopes alive.
daniel levy reportedly told the tottenham hotspur supporters ' trust that after the problems reinvesting the money received for gareth bale , future transfer policy would entail the purchase of young players , priced between # 10-15million with good potential for resale. elite clubs , those who challenge for the biggest trophies , do not buy with one eye on selling and this strategy would set tottenham back a decade to a time when they helped solve problems at manchester united by trading top performers such as michael carrick and dimitar berbatov. indeed , the only time tottenham demonstrated real champions league potential was when levy resisted the likes of chelsea over luka modric.
top-ranked serena williams had to fight back from a set down and figure out how to deal with strong winds before overcoming italy 's sara errani 4-6 , 7-6 -lrb- 3 -rrb- , 6-3 in a fed cup play-off sunday , giving the united states a 2-1 lead in the best-of-five series. while williams held a massive 70-7 lead in winners , she committed nearly three times as many unforced errors as the 15th-ranked errani. serena williams fought back to beat italian sara errani in the fed cup play-off on sunday. still , williams improved to 20-0 this year and 16-0 in fed cup for her career.
ronnie o'sullivan will tackle a crucible debutant in the first round of the betfred world championship which starts in sheffield on saturday. five-time winner o'sullivan will face manchester 's craig steadman , who at 32 is set for his bow at the sport 's most prestigious tournament. ronnie o'sullivan will play 32-year-old debutant craig steadman in the first round of the world championship. defending champion mark selby will play norwegian kurt maflin at the crucible on saturday. ding junhui v mark davis. marco fu v jimmy robertson. judd trump v stuart carrington. ronnie o'sullivan v craig steadman. the tournament runs from april 18 to may 4.
disciplining a child for doing something wrong is a tricky business. coming up with a punishment that will teach a son or daughter not to commit the crime again but is n't harsh enough to scar them for life is tough. often , the best schemes are ones that embarrass a child so that they are too mortified to consider falling foul of their parents again. one thing 's for sure , when most parents put their mind to disciplining their child , a trip to the naughty step starts to look like a weekend a way at butlins. reddit users have been comparing the most effective punishments their parents doled out when they were children and many of the schemes are both hilarious and genius.
police are now urging witnesses of a middle-aged woman 's offensive public transport tirade at a muslim woman to come forward after daily mail australia published video of the incident. stacey eden , 23 , stood up for the muslim woman and her partner after witnessing the ranter ` bullying ' the sydney commuter on an airport line train around 1:40 pm on wednesday afternoon. a police spokeswoman contacted daily mail australia on thursday to say they would ` definitely encourage ' witnesses of the incident to come forward. ' ms eden said she became really upset after the woman allegedly branded ` all muslims isis supporters ' and insulted the woman 's husband and headscarf.
-lrb- the hollywood reporter -rrb- andrew lesnie , the oscar-winning cinematographer who spent more than a decade collaborating with director peter jackson on the six `` lord of the rings `` and `` hobbit '' films , has died. the sydney native , who also worked with new zealander jackson on the remake of `` king kong '' -lrb- 2005 -rrb- and `` the lovely bones '' -lrb- 2009 -rrb- , suffered a heart attack monday. said a spokesman from the australian cinematographers society : `` we have been advised of the sudden death of andrew , '' adding that his family would provide an official statement later.
a wife , an adorable two-year-old daughter , and a six-figure salary job with a leading tech company in san francisco that he loved. the 36-year-old quit his job to be a house-husband - and now he could n't be happier. speaking to yahoo parenting , he said : ' i started to ask myself , `` what am i working so hard for ? why are we trying to make our lives so great but are n't investing in time with our child ? '' ' he ` felt terrible ' about not seeing his little girl ava , iyer said , and struggled to flit between the roles of employee and dad.
a photographer has described the horror of being left almost completely blind in one eye by her contact lens. lucy garrod , now 27 , developed an ulcer known as a corneal abrasion , caused by a bacterial infection which grew under her right lens. lucy garrod , 27 , was left partially blind in her right eye after bacteria began growing underneath her contact lens , causing an ulcer known as a corneal abrasion. miss garrod had worn contact lenses for 12 years with no problem , but woke up one morning feeling as though her eye was ` the size of a golf ball ' miss garrod feared she would not be able to carry on with her photography degree due to going partially blind in one eye.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- the rev. robert h. schuller , california televangelist and founder of the television ministry `` hour of power , '' died thursday , according to his family. schuller , also the founder of crystal cathedral megachurch , had been diagnosed with esophageal cancer in august 2013 , a release from `` hour of power '' said. he was born in a iowa farmhouse without running water and longed to preach from his earliest days. in his autobiography , `` prayer : my soul 's adventure with god , '' he described standing alone by a river and picturing himself delivering sermons to a rapt congregation.
england captain alastair cook completed a much-needed century on the second morning of england 's opening tour match in the west indies. england captain alastair cook completed a century on the second morning of england 's opening tour match. a controlled thick edge from the first ball of the day brought him an 11th boundary of the innings and in the following over he punched the ball for two off the back foot. he offered a gentle wave of the bat and a handshake to partner gary ballance and walked off on 101 from 200 deliveries. that allowed ian bell to arrive at the crease , with batting time more important to the tourists than attempting to force a result in this two-day fixture.
virtual reality may still seem like a hobby reserved for hardcore gamers , but as headsets drop in price it is on the verge of becoming mainstream. it has created a virtual reality headset that works with any android and ios phone and is compatible with hundreds of virtual reality apps from the respective stores. it additionally lets people watch 3d movies - all for the relatively cheap price of # 29.99 -lrb- $ 45 -rrb-. scroll down for video. the immerse virtual reality headset -lrb- pictured -rrb- is available from firebox for # 29.95 -lrb- $ 45 -rrb-. it works with any android and ios phone that can run virtual reality apps from the respective stores , and will play any 3d movie.
ten-year-old twin brothers obsessed with naval history had their passion come to life as they heard first-hand battle stories from their new best friend - 89-year-old world war ii veteran , robert harding. carter and jack hanson , who live in raleigh , north carolina , met their hero on the yorktown - a retired carrier in charleston , where mr harding served as an aircraft handler decades before , cbs reported. scroll down for video. world war ii veteran bob harding , of oklahoma , began exchanging emails with carter and jack hanson of raleigh , north carolina about a year ago.
the good news for celtic is that they have an immediate opportunity to both vent their frustration and exorcise any sense of helplessness created by sunday 's controversial scottish cup semi-final loss. the bad news ? ronny deila 's men looked like a tired team by time-up at hampden. as hard as they may have worked at building exactly the stamina needed for this stage of the season , having to play for some 70 minutes -- including extra time -- with 10 men inevitably left them appearing more than a little leggy. celtic left back emilo izaguirre has called on his team-mates to focus their attention on winning the league title.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- a video shoot in nepal for an internet comedy series took a serious turn on saturday as the earth began rumbling. the nepali pranksters were in the middle of shooting an episode for their hidden camera series when the magnitude-7 .8 earthquake broke out. the nepali pranksters ' videos show people 's reactions to various `` pranks '' that challenge cultural norms. one video shows the pranksters walking up to strangers and taking their hands for a long , awkward , handshake ; another shows them complimenting men and women on their clothes and appearance , with mixed results.
after a weekend when special goals were the norm in the premier league , it 's not an easy task to pick the best of the bunch. from jermain defoe 's match-winning volley in the tyne-wear derby on sunday , to charlie adam 's audacious long-range effort against chelsea on saturday evening , there 's plenty to choose from. here , sportsmail 's jamie redknapp picks his top five goals of the weekend and explains why they 've made his list. 5. alexis sanchez -lrb- arsenal -rrb- vs liverpool. it just shows the calibre of the goals scored this weekend. the chilean took a brilliant first touch before spinning to lash it home and cap a fine arsenal move -- and a breathless first half.
a shocking surveillance video showing a mob of teenagers beating two high school students on a subway platform has been released. the footage captured at spring garden station in philadelphia on tuesday shows the group of youngsters viciously attacking the victims just seconds before the train pulls into the station. they then pull them to the ground , punch them and repeatedly stamp on their heads. brawl : the footage captured at spring garden station in philadelphia on tuesday shows the group of youngsters viciously attacking the victims. other parts of the brawl are hidden from the cameras behind pillars in the subway station.
stephan lichtsteiner could tell eden hazard and paul pogba were going to be special after training with them , and the defender has tipped kingsley coman to be the next big thing. lichtsteiner played with hazard at lille and currently stars alongside pogba at juventus , where he feels he is watching 18-year-old forward coman being sculpted into a special player. ` eden was there for my last year at lille , ' lichtsteiner told the independent. stephan lichtsteiner -lrb- left -rrb- pictured with paul pogba -lrb- right -rrb- as the pair celebrate a goal for juventus in 2013. pogba celebrates with his team-mates leonardo bonucci , lichtsteiner and kwadwo asamoah in 2013.
tottenham 's danish star christian eriksen may not have found the net since january , but the midfielder still knows how to score when the opportunity presents itself. the spurs midfielder was spotted smooching with stunning girlfriend sabrina kvist jensen in central london as he enjoyed a night off. tottenham midfielder christian eriksen was pictured kissing girlfriend sabrina kvist in central london. eriksen , who joined spurs in the summer of 2013 , has been with girlfriend kvist for almost three years. eriksen started this season in tremendous form , with nine premier league goals as spurs pushed for a champions league place.
every rock band has a face. but what if they were seen as one ? in an unusual project by men 's face product company west coast shaving , each member of history 's most esteemed rock bands are blended into one. scroll down for video. the face of rock : the members of 30 legendary bands are blended into 30 single faces. some band members in particular shine through. at first glance , the photo for the beatles looks like a blurry picture of a young paul mccartney. kurt cobain is clearly visible in nirvana 's merged shot. and the features of eddie van halen dominate the image of van halen.
royal mail is to issue a set of stamps marking 200 years since the birth of anthony trollope -- the victorian novelist who also introduced post boxes to the uk in the 1850s. the limited edition sheet of stamps feature images of trollope and his life , including the first post box design. although famous as a novelist , trollope also made history by introducing post boxes while working for the post office , after seeing them in france. the first boxes were erected in jersey in 1852 as a trial before appearing across mainland britain. the new colour was introduced in 1874 and it took 10 years to repaint all post boxes.
the february afternoon we arrived in adelaide , the mercury was whizzing up to a sizzling 46c and the south australian city was the hottest place on the planet. the temperature had climbed above 40c for a whole week and even the aussies were struggling. appropriately , friends took us out that evening to dine in one of the city 's hottest restaurants - celsius ! luckily , it was air-conditioned and served phenomenal food. we especially appreciated the peanut butter and popcorn ice cream. but adelaide that week was also hot for other reasons. sian lloyd enjoys a glass of clare valley riesling at skillogalee winery north of adelaide in south australia.
the slip has n't happened and liverpool are looking strong. they are top of the league with six games to go and only manchester city are better placed , theoretically , with two games in hand to make up a four-point deficit. theory wins , romance loses. dejected manchester city players during their 4-2 derby defeat to manchester united on sunday. jubilant liverpool players celebrate raheem sterling 's opening goal against newcastle united on monday. man city currently have a four-point lead over liverpool in the race for the final champions league place. today , the last meaningful race among the top teams is between liverpool and city.
the mystery hero who raced to the edge of a cliff and pulled a driver from his precariously-balanced car has been identified as a 29-year-old man who fled the scene to go to work. jason warnock was named as the hero who rescued 23-year-old mathew sitko after he crashed his car on wednesday morning , causing it to hang off a canyon cliff in lewiston , idaho. a photo of the moment he pulled the panicked man from the wrecked car was shared online as authorities tried to identify him. incredible rescue : jason warnock , 29 , has been identified as the man who saved matthew sitko , 23 , from his car as it dangled over a cliff on wednesday morning.
a war of words appears to have erupted between two former rival stations who last week merged newsrooms. an account purporting to be sydney radio station 2ue sent out a tweet on thursday morning which appears to have come from a disgruntled former employee. ` we hope you like the sound of whinging hyenas reading the news. what looks to a tweet from a disgruntled former radio employee emerged on twitter on thursday morning. the hashtag was in reference to the station 's former newsreader steve blanda , who had read the news at 2ue for over a decade. a 2ue spokesperson told daily mail australia that they were aware of the posting but denied the message came from one of their accounts.
the mother of convicted murderer aaron hernandez has revealed the unlikely bond she developed over the course of her son 's trial. terri hernandez says she grew close to ursula lloyd , the mother of odin lloyd over the trial , even thinking about her when the jury came back with their first degree murder conviction. scroll down for video. terri hernandez -lrb- above -rrb- is opening up about the bond she shared with ursula lloyd during her son 's murder trial. lloyd -lrb- above -rrb- refused to comment on the story , saying she no longer wished to speak about her son 's murder.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- some of the men and women of the indianapolis police force are giving up their blues. beginning friday , blue uniform shirts will be traded for white ones for command staff members of the indianapolis metropolitan police department -lrb- impd -rrb-. '' as police departments around the country see more protests over the use of lethal force , impd officials acknowledge that this is a time of `` increased scrutiny of police operations and tactics , '' but said the decision to change the uniform for certain ranks within the department is `` not related to any specific , individual incident occurring elsewhere in the united states.
a couple of wartime sweethearts who were married for almost 72 years have been buried next to each other after dying days apart. ronald pearson and his wife miriam met at an evening dance while he was serving in the raf police and she the auxiliary territorial service during the second world war. they married in 1943 and settled in broughton near chester , welcoming their daughter two years after celebrating ve day. her husband followed two days later aged 94. ronald and miriam pearson died last month within two days of each other. the couple , who met during the war , had been married for almost 72 years.
frustration was clear in the voices of peter moores and alastair cook as they fended off repeated enquiries about kevin pietersen 's future more than a year after he had seemingly been banished from international cricket for good. the incoming ecb chairman has been responsible for the mixed messages that leave the england team in as big a state of turmoil and internal rebellion as ever. graves has forged an excellent reputation in english cricket as chairman of yorkshire for the way he bankrolled and transformed the club , but his initial forays into the international game have been little short of an embarrassment.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- we did it again , in another american city. we brutalized black bodies. we created camera-ready chaos , and we replayed the images. yes we can. we are family. i like to say we won the second world war , we put a man on the moon , we invented the internet , we gave the world jazz. well , if i -- a son of immigrants whose family had nothing to do with any of those accomplishments -- if i get to claim those aspects of american history , then surely i have to claim the unsavory aspects too.
mourners at the memorial service for celebrity cosmetic surgeon dr frederic brandt , who killed himself a week ago , said a tv show that parodied his appearance was partly to blame for his death. sad : dr. brandt , whose celebrity clients include madonna and stephanie seymour , hanged himself april 5. brandt , who counted numerous celebrities and models among his clients , was found hanged at his home in coral gables , florida , on easter april 5. some friends said he had been left ` devastated ' by a character said to have been based on him in the netflix comedy show ` the unbreakable kimmy schmidt.
gps are the gateway to nhs care -- nine out of 10 times , the first contact a patient has with the health system is through their gp. the crisis in a&e has led some to blame a lack of available gp appointments for people heading to emergency departments instead. weekend opening hours for gps has been touted as one solution - by improving access , many patients wo n't need to take up other care services. the crisis in a&e has led some people to blame a lack of available gp appointments , prompting more people to visit the emergency department instead.
does any player fluctuate between world-beater and under-achiever more than andros townsend ? currently on a high after his stunning equaliser for england against italy in turin on tuesday night , the 23-year-old tottenham winger has already had more ups and downs than most players experience in their careers. he terrifies defenders with his speed and directness -- a trait he also possesses off the pitch judging by his ` told you so ' tweet to a critical paul merson this week. that ability was first noticed two years ago when he single-handedly tried to save qpr from relegation with a string of virtuoso performances.
space lasers are best known for blowing people - and planets - up in science fiction , and even the odd bond movie. but one scottish scientist is hoping they could , in fact , be the answer to heating our homes in the future. space lasers : dr adrian quarterman has suggested space lasers could be used to power homes in the future - but says the beams will be nowhere near as powerful as imagined in films like star wars -lrb- pictured -rrb-. dr adrian quarterman , of dundee university , is working on a laser which will convert sun beams into energy , the times reported.
this is the shocking moment a young kurdish girl fires a machine gun at isis , before boasting she has killed 400 of the islamic militants - as she is egged on with cries of ` kill , kill '. she chats away to a man behind the camera , telling him she is ` shooting at daesh ' in kurdish - before firing several rounds into the desert. shocking : the little girl claims she is firing the machine gun at ` daesh ' , the arabic name for isis. kill : she tells the man she has killed 400 of the extremists so far , as he encourages her to kill more.
england picked up their first title on the sevens world series this season after beating competition leaders south africa 21-14 in the final of the tokyo tournament on sunday. phil burgess , charlie hayter and tom mitchell scored the tries in the final for the english , who bounced back from a thumping group stage defeat to fiji on saturday to win a first title since the wellington sevens in feb. 2013. it 's a huge effort and we are so grateful to deliver this title , ' skipper mitchell said after victory at a wet prince chichibu memorial rugby ground.
photographers have captured some remarkable pictures of the lyrid meteor shower above the uk last night. the meteor shower , visible around the world but best seen from europe , has been observed for the past 2,700 years and peaked overnight with between ten and 20 an hour. scroll down for video explanation. john phelan took this picture , showing the lyrid meteor at porthcurno beach in cornwall in the early hours of this morning. nick watson , a semi-professional photographer from newcastle , captured an amazing picture of the meteor over lindisfarne castle on holy island in northumberland. he took his photo around 1am bst this morning and incredibly managed to get the colourful northern lights in the picture too.
in custody : doug hughes was put under arrest for his gyro-copter stunt. homeland security secretary jeh johnson has admitted that a gyro-copter flew 80 miles undetected and under the radar from gettysburg , pennsylvania to the lawn of the us capitol on wednesday. reacting to the latest embarrassing security lapse at the white house and capitol , johnson pleaded for calm and resisted calls for sweeping changes. johnson confirmed that the pilot , florida postal worker doug hughes , was interviewed by the secret service almost two years ago. he said the secret service passed along the information from that interview to ` all of the appropriate law enforcement agencies.
there 's no surer sign that winter is coming than the end of daylight saving. the four-day easter long weekend will be extended by an hour when clocks go back an hour at 3am on sunday. the four-day easter long weekend will be extended by an hour when clocks go back an hour at 3am on sunday - including australian states such as nsw. changing the clock is also a reminder for people to change their smoke alarm batteries , fire services around australia say. pictured is the sunrise over melbourne cbd. for some that will mean an extra hour of sleep , while others will enjoy an extra hour to party.
nervous , i was : mark hamill , who played luke skywalker in the original star wars films , said he had some reservations about abrams. mark hamill knew he had to say yes when george lucas told him about the plans to move forward with a new star wars trilogy. it 's like i was drafted , ' hamill told a massive crowd saturday night at star wars celebration of his decision to reprise his role as luke skywalker in star wars : the force awakens. hamill admitted he was caught off guard when lucas invited him to lunch. when hamill 's wife surmised that perhaps there was a new film in the works , hamill laughed.
a fish jumps. a battalion of cormorants lands on a tree. then james comes shooting across , spraying me with water as he turns on his paddle. let 's swim. ' james is nearly 16 , and i 'm painfully aware that my years of holidaying with him are coming to a close. unknown : wigry national park , in north-east poland , is the furthest outreach of the masurian lakes. our destination is wigry national park , in the north-east of the country , close to the lithuanian border. it is the furthest outreach of the masurian lakes -lrb- poland 's lake district -rrb- , and the most sparsely populated.
southend united 's promotion charge continued on tuesday night at bury when a david worrall free-kick enabled them to leapfrog their hosts into fourth place. former bury player worrall struck from 25 yards in the 74th minute with a superb curling effort from a set-piece courtesy of a yellow-carded foul by adam el-abd. it put manager phil brown 's late-goal specialists , who pinched an added-time winner at exeter on saturday , behind third-placed wycombe only on goal difference. phil brown 's southend united move into fourth after a 1-0 win over bury on tuesday night. bury began the night a point ahead of the shrimpers after winning 1-0 at portsmouth on saturday but despite chances they could n't hit the target.
tony mccoy , the greatest ever jump jockey , is guaranteed a roaring send-off at aintree this week as racegoers tip a fairytale ending to his glorious career. the 40-year-old from county antrim has been bidding his farewells as he heads for retirement and has promised to call it quits there and then should his grand national ride shutthefrontdoor bring him a second career victory over the world 's most famous steeplechase. the royal liver building in liverpool was lit up with a good luck message for tony mccoy. the building was lit up with the image of mccoy winning the grand national on do n't push it in 2010.
a mere 53 hours to kick-off and all is serene at the training base of queens park rangers. mowers clip along on distant pitches as the sun beats down and the whitewashed pavilion is brightened by pots of forget-me-nots , a flower which could be adopted as the emblem of relegation. qpr boss chris ramsey appears relaxed and untroubled , insisting he had more sleepless nights coaching tottenham last season and joking about the difference between lidl and waitrose. qpr boss chris ramsey -lrb- centre -rrb- is one of seven managers trying to keep their club in the premier league. ramsey 's side host west ham on saturday as they look to climb out of the relegation zone with four games left.
millwall left ewood park down , almost out , and in danger of needing snookers to avoid relegation from the championship. one source of salvation could yet come in the form of a three-point deduction for rotherham when a football league disciplinary commission rules on whether they fielded an ineligible player against brighton on easter monday. the result leaves neil harris 's side four points adrift of fourth-bottom rotherham with two tough games remaining against promotion-chasing derby and wolves. rotherham have a game in hand and a much better goal difference. rudy gestede -lrb- centre -rrb- scores the opening goal for blackburn as he fires past the helpless david forde.
not only the fight of the century but the sale of tickets for floyd mayweather versus manny pacquiao. the desert storm in a box office which some thought might pull the plug on the richest fight of all time has blown over. those priceless tickets will be on sale at 8pm on thursday after weeks of wrangling and accusations between mayweather promotions and pacquiao 's promoter bob arum. tickets for the fight between floyd mayweather and manny pacquiao are on sale on thursday. pacquiao posted a picture of him looking in good shape 10 days before the fight. this thorny matter was settled at a meeting between arum , mayweather 's advisor al haymon and cbs television mogul les moonves who brokered the deal for the fight itself.
sandra bullock hid in her bedroom closet and sounded panicked and tearful at times as she guided police into her house after spotting an intruder last year , according to a 911 call played in court thursday. the oscar-winning actress called police after seeing a man in her home heading for the attic. the roughly 15-minute conversation with a 911 dispatcher is the first piece of evidence a prosecutor presented against joshua corbett , who is charged with stalking the actress and breaking into her home in june. i have a safe door , ' bullock , breathing heavily , is heard telling the dispatcher.
officers who rushed to the scene of the colorado theater shooting entered a hellish world of bloody victims , noxious smells and blaring sounds - a gloomy darkness pierced by bright flashes from a fire alarm , police testified wednesday. ` it was dim , the movie was still playing , the alarm was going off , ' aurora police officer annette brook told jurors in the trial of gunman james holmes. ' prosecutors called brook and two other officers as witnesses on wednesday , and their descriptions of the chaos of inside the suburban denver theater intensified the already disturbing scene described a day earlier by moviegoers who were badly wounded or saw loved ones gunned down in the july 20 , 2012 , attack.
as eight teams prepare to battle it out for a place in the semi-finals of this season 's european rugby champions cup , sportsmail 's nik simon gives us a run-down of each of the sides left in the competition. leinster vs bath. fronted by captain jamie heaslip , leinster are armed with international experience and had 11 players in the ireland squad who beat england last month. bath 's qualities are channeled through their attack , with mike ford giving the likes of england backs george ford , jonathan joseph and anthony watson a licence to play with flair. poor league form has stunted leinster 's season , with the dublin side currently fifth in the pro12 competition after winning just one of their last five fixtures.
yes , there was a goalkeeper still to beat but running straight on to the target , not a blue shirt in range , the odds were most certainly with luis suarez. yet every great player has a showman inside and the uruguayan is no exception. his finish -- curled into the top corner , right-footed , inch perfect , yet explosive -- was a moment of pure pleasure , a flourish that will not be forgotten. it was also barcelona 's third -- probably the goal that puts this tie beyond reach. here was a goal-scorer at the top of his game , playing for a club that now brings the best out of him.
leigh griffiths sure knows how to finish. left on the bench for wednesday night 's home clash with kilmarnock , perhaps uncertain over his place in the starting xi for sunday 's scottish cup semi-final against inverness , the celtic striker scored a 19-minute hat-trick to guide his team to a handsome 4-1 victory. the treble-chasing reigning champions came from a goal down , inspired by kris commons and the second-half introduction of griffiths , to record a win that takes them eight points clear at the top of the premiership -- and lifts confidence ahead of their trip to hampden.
richie benaud made commentary look easy. i had the great honour of doing a stint on channel 9 in australia during an ashes test a few years ago. anyway , richie had noticed something out in the middle and flicked what we call the lazy switch , so he could have a quiet word with the producer without the viewers hearing him. he wanted some footage of an incident he 'd spotted a couple of overs earlier -- shane warne had done something in the slips and it had passed the rest of us by. richie benaud was one of cricket 's great personalities and will be remembered for his dry wit and knowledge.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- these are fearful times on the highest mountain in the world. the devastating earthquake that hit nepal on saturday set off avalanches that left large numbers of climbers dead , missing , injured or trapped on mount everest. and aftershocks , including a strong one sunday , are continuing to send snow and rocks thundering down the mountainside , complicating rescue efforts. '' but those avalanches did n't appear to be on the same scale as those that came roaring down on the camp saturday. the base camp on the nepal side of everest is in a vulnerable spot , sitting in a valley surrounded by high himalayan peaks.
kendalia halle 's multi-tiered wooden truss was decked out in white lights as bruce and louetta schwab joined about 200 others for a monthly dance. the schwabs live east of dallas and during their recent visit to central texas hill country decided to visit the old hall , where patrons paid about $ 20 to hear bobby jordan and the ridgecreek band. one , two , step ! in this december 2014 file photograph , girls dance to fiddle music at twin sisters dance hall in blanco , texas. get on down ! fiddlers perform at twin sisters dance hall in december.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- most days , 16-year-old jason zobott walks into huntley high school in suburban chicago around 7:30 a.m. like any high schooler might. zobott is enrolled in huntley high 's blended learning program , which merges internet-based instruction with a more traditional classroom setting. one-third of the school 's 2,700 students are enrolled. in 2015 , the school is working toward enrolling the majority of its students. `` having to work online makes it really accessible to do the work that i have to get done , '' said zobott , a top-ranked junior who balances a heavy load of extracurricular activities with schoolwork.
patients should be able to speak to their gps on skype , nick clegg announced today. the lib dem leader wants existing phone appointments extended so doctors can see patients on video calls. some patients would be uncomfortable with the the prospect of exposing their ailments to their gp over the web. lib dem leader nick clegg wants existing phone appointments extended so doctors can see patients on video calls. mr clegg today met patients and staff at bodmin community hospital in cornwall as he campaigned in the lib dem stronghold in the south west. they said it could be used for update appointments , brief progress checks or for when patients needed ` reassurance '.
scottish football 's relationship with television has become a form of stockholm syndrome. no one is tied up in a basement. there are no hostages. the scottish game is engaged in a faustian pact. sky and bt sports pay # 16million a year for live coverage of scottish football. the bbc puts in an estimated # 3m a year for sportscene highlights and radio commentaries. celtic striker leigh griffiths -lrb- right -rrb- completes his hat-trick during the win over kilmarnock earlier this week. compared with the # 5billion paid to english clubs for premiership football the sums are trifling. st mirren facing ross county on a wet march night in paisley will never be a rival to the manchester derby but broadcasters do n't show scottish football out of charity.
but thankfully , stunt performer antti pendikainen had attached a parachute to his snowmobile to safely deposit him on the ground after driving his vehicle off a mountain. captured on camera , these amazing images show the moment the finnish driver took to the skies. finnish stunt performer , antti pendikainen soars through the air with a parachute attached to his snowmobile in riksgrnsen , sweden. captured on camera , this adrenalin fuelled footage shows the moment a daredevil driver took to the skies after racing his snowmobile off the edge of a mountain. the group managed to strap materials together to make an incredible but rickety flying machine.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- on thursday , npr -- headquartered in washington , just 40 miles away from baltimore -- ran its latest update on the urban turmoil that has erupted in the wake of the death of 25-year-old freddie gray because of still-unexplained spinal injuries that occurred while he was under police custody. titled `` baltimore unrest reveals tensions between african-americans and asians , '' the five-minute piece is urgently introduced with the promise that it will reveal `` what 's really happening in the more troubled neighborhoods of this majority black city , '' going on state that a key ingredient of the unrest was african-americans `` targeting asian-owned businesses for destruction.
a houston father was upset to learn that his five-year-old daughter was disciplined for wearing her rainbow spaghetti-strap sundress to school , where teachers said that it violated the dress code. jef rouner wrote in the houston press that his daughter was forced to cover up with jeans and a t-shirt when she was told that the spaghetti straps of her ` full-length ' dress were ` against the rules '. kiddie clothes : jef rouner said his five-year-old daughter was forced to cover up when she wore this spaghetti-strap sundress to her school in houston , texas. ` she 'd had her heart set on wearing her rainbow sundress since the weather warmed up , ' recalled mr. rouner.
michael vaughan , alec stewart and andrew strauss are three former captains bidding to lead england 's reform after paul downton was sacked as managing director. all three achieved a great deal while playing for england and are well-respected figures within the game. sportsmail takes a closer look at the trio battling to become the most powerful man in english cricket. current job : director of cricket at surrey. show us your medals : played 133 tests , more than any england cricketer. players he likes : has established a rapport at surrey with the out-of-favour kevin pietersen -- says english cricket needs to be bold.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- as thousands of south africans took to the streets of the city of durban to rally against violence and xenophobia , an online community has joined the protests. the marches follow recent violent attacks on foreigners in the country that have claimed five lives. during the protest march thursday , twitter followers voiced their support through hashtag campaigns. south african police services said more than 10,000 people attended the march , including civil rights groups and nongovernmental organizations. hashtags are now pouring out of south africa. but many are asking , some via twitter , is it enough to fight #xenophobia ? attacks this week in durban alone have killed two immigrants and three south africans , including a 14-year-old boy , authorities said.
with the premier league season entering its final stretch , focus is now turning to the summer transfer window. many clubs will be looking to snap up a bargain free transfer and there are plenty to choose from. here are best players who are currently set to leave their premier league clubs on a free in june. manchester city 's tenacious , creative and versatile midfielder james milner could leave as a free agent. goalkeeper - gerhard tremmel -lrb- swansea -rrb-. tremmel has played second fiddle to michel vorm and then lukasz fabianski during his four years at swansea , but has performed well when called upon in the cup competitions and was in goal when the swans beat bradford in the capital one cup final two years ago.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- back in 1989 , ayatollah khomeini famously said he was `` drinking poison '' when he accepted a ceasefire to end the eight-year-old war with iraq. the war had helped define khomeini 's regime , the islamic republic , which he had founded a year before saddam hussein invaded iran. khomeini galvanized the nation , both his supporters and growing opponents , to fight against the enemy. he dragged out the war for eight years , despite saddam 's willingness to accept a ceasefire , and thus stabilized the foundations of the islamic republic. since then , `` drinking a chalice of poison '' has became part of iranian political lexicon , and many analysts have asked whether ayatollah ali khamenei , khomeini 's successor , would raise the chalice and surrender to demands by the west to end iran 's nuclear program.
having fathered 40 children by 20 different women , mike holpin has enjoyed his fair share of intimacy. but seemingly unsatisfied with his gaggle of offspring , scorned former lovers and being engaged for the fourth time , the 56-year-old is showing no signs of settling down soon. for despite being set to marry , the alcoholic benefits claimant still has a live profile on the site where he met his bride-to-be. despite being engaged for the fourth time and having already fathered 40 children by 20 different women , mike holpin still has an active online dating profile. listed among his hobbies is watching tv and playing computer games - a luxury indulged by the taxpayer who footed the bill for his three 48in widescreen television sets , as revealed earlier this week.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- they are superstars flown in from across the globe -- and they probably had more legroom than you. the world 's leading showjumping and dressage horses have reached las vegas for this week 's world cup finals. `` there are two horses per box , '' explains tim dutta , who oversaw the loading of more than $ 150 million in equine talent onto a qatar airways flight at amsterdam 's schiphol airport earlier this month. `` we pay attention to each horse 's little idiosyncrasies and requirements -- do they like wet hay , or not ? do we use sea salt to encourage them to drink ? `` i like the horses to have some quiet time too , they need that.
john travolta has broken his silence on the controversial scientology exposé going clear and says he never intends to watch the documentary. speaking to the tampa bay times while promoting his upcoming film the forger , travolta said his decades of personal experience in the organization have been nothing but positive -- nothing like the blackmailing , physically abusive cult portrayed in the film. travolta then spoke for the only celebrity whose dealings with scientology get more screen time in going clear than his own , tom cruise. scroll down for video. spoke out : john travolta on monday broke his silence on the scientology-slamming hbo documentary going clear : scientology , hollywood & the prison of belief.
this is the emotional moment an 83-year-old grandfather saw an image of his mother for the first time in 70 years. thomas cain 's mother ora mae died in 1943 , when he was just 12 years old , and he was left thinking that there were no surviving photographs of her. shock and tears : an emotional thomas cain is shown , left , looking at the old photograph , while to the right is his shocked expression once he realizes what it is. when his daughter , joyce , explains by saying ` that 's your momma ' , a shocked mr cain can only exclaim ` what ?! ' as the realization dawns on him mr cain chokes up and starts crying.
a photographer has captured dozens of elvis impersonators as they gathered at some of europe 's biggest tributes to the king. graeme oxby documented the dedicated fans at events including europe 's tribute to elvis in blackpool , the elvis weekender in bridlington , east riding of yorskshire , and the european elvis championships in birmingham. the 50-year-old , from east yorkshire , even visited their homes to capture images for his photo series , called ` the kings of england '. ` britain is the european centre for elvis tribute activity and hosts of the biggest and best contests in the world.
caledonia , michigan -lrb- cnn -rrb- ben and shelby offrink met in college. it was n't the most romantic setting -- a study group for calculus-based physics -- but ben managed to turn it into a story worth telling by cheating. `` i thought it was sciatica , '' shelby says of the back pain and the `` odd '' feeling that prompted her to go to the hospital. `` but i could n't get the doctors in the er to pay attention. `` so it 's actually tangled into the spinal cord itself , '' ben explains. '' surgery removed 75 %.
with the helpless animals clutched tightly under his arms , this is the moment a suspected dog thief made off with two beloved family pets. pekingese marley and mitzy had been left to play in the front garden by their owners adele and steven worgan. but they were snatched when the couple were n't looking -- and neighbours believe they have caught the culprit on cctv. caught on camera : this is the suspected dog-napper seen on cctv footage with what appears to be two animals under his arms. ' mr worgan was inside the house in doncaster at around midday when he heard a yelp from the garden.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- thump. the university of nebraska at omaha is getting a new $ 81.6 million stadium for its hockey , basketball and volleyball teams. it 'll have luxury suites and everything. that 's right , we said taco cannon. an omaha taco shop has teamed up with the university to shoot tacos into the stands at sporting events. that the foil-wrapped eats will make to fans was made evident when voodoo tacos owner eric newton demonstrated the power of the cannon for cnn affiliate ketv. with this latest technological development , the taco will join t-shirts , stuffed toys , balls , biscuits and the lowly hot dog in hurtling into the stands at public gatherings.
-lrb- the hollywood reporter -rrb- a trailer for zack snyder 's upcoming `` batman v. superman : dawn of justice '' leaked online on thursday before quickly being taken down minutes later. a youtube user uploaded the handheld or camera phone capture of the trailer , which had spanish subtitles on the screen. '' ryan gosling in talks to star in `` blade runner '' sequel. a blurred image of ben affleck 's face appears shortly before a masked batman appears , followed by the two superheroes coming face to face. the highly anticipated footage was set to premiere in imax theaters on monday.
borussia dortmund 's nuri sahin claims arsenal tried to lure him from the bundesliga with a ` great bid ' but the turkey international did n't go because his family wanted to stay in germany. the former real madrid and liverpool midfielder , now back at dortmund , attracted interest from the gunners back in 2005 when he was playing in the under 17s. ` arsenal wanted to sign me with a great bid. borussia dortmund 's nuri sahin claims arsenal tried to lure him from the bundesliga with a ` great bid ' ` they knew that dortmund would rise again.
ask any peruvian where the best place to party is and you 'll always get the same reply : ` puno ! ' the city 's colourful fiestas , combining spanish and inca traditions , often last for days. men dress as multi-coloured dragons or monsters , while local women , known as cholitas , wear skirts puffed up with petticoats and small bowler hats. this city of 100,000 souls on the shores of lake titicaca could leave you breathless for all the wrong reasons. situated on a vast plateau in the andes , at an altitude north of 13,000 ft , it is higher than any alpine ski resort , and you need to go gently the first few days you 're here.
as jimmy anderson prepares to play his 100th test - needing only three wickets to equal ian botham 's england-record haul of 383 - sportsmail 's lawrence booth spoke to those who knew him and played with him in his early days for burnley , lancashire and england. england quick james anderson plays his 100th test match in antigua against the west indies from monday. anderson needs just three wickets to go level with sir ian botham as england 's top test wicket taker. michael brown. burnley cc team-mate , now club chairman. playing in the lancashire league , he 'd regularly get the opposition professional out.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- hi-ho , kermit the frog has some competition. a newly discovered species of glassfrog looks an awful lot like the famous muppet. bulging white eyes , kelly green skin , the works. scientists found the species on the caribbean slopes of costa rica. this is big news in the scientific community. the last time a new glassfrog was found in costa rica was back in 1973 , according to the costa rican amphibian research center. `` costa rica is known to have 14 glassfrogs inhabiting its tiny national territory ! '' the center 's facebook page said. it 's called a glassfrog because of its translucent belly.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- here 's a pop quiz : what 's better for america 's status in the world ? a -rrb- being a global leader in innovation , job creation , education , social mobility , literacy and child health. b -rrb- being a global leader in imprisoning the highest number of human beings -- its own citizens. but the unfortunate reality is that the united states leads the world in incarceration , not education. our country has shown time and again a nearly unlimited capacity to reinvent itself and move closer to the ideals on which our society was founded.
in a retweet on thursday , a staffer to real estate magnate donald trump managed to capture the coarsest background conversations americans are having about former secretary of state hillary clinton 's personal baggage. ` if hillary clinton ca n't satisfy her husband , ' a texas-cowgirl college student tweeted , ` what makes her think she can satisfy america ? ' when someone retweeted the quip two hours later and included trump 's twitter handle in the message , one of the billionaire 's staffers retweeted it for him -- to his audience of 2.8 million people. scroll down for video.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- silent , almost shy as she headed into manhattan criminal court , ailina tsarnaeva was anything but timid when it came to a perceived rival , prosecutors say. according to a criminal complaint , tsarnaeva threatened a woman in a phone call this summer , saying `` leave my man alone. considering who was making the threats , prosecutors did n't consider it a joke and charged tsarnaeva with aggravated harassment , which she denies. leaving court last december , she and her lawyer refused to discuss the case. tsarnaeva is the sister of dzhokhar and tamerlan tsarnaev.
ac milan has slammed alleged racism towards one of its youth teams as ` simply unacceptable. ' black players of milan 's under-10 team were allegedly subject to heckling and racist abuse during sunday 's 4-0 win over paris saint-germain in the universal cup. ' kevin prince boateng -lrb- right -rrb- gestures to the crowd after being racially abused during a friendly in 2013. boateng wears a shirt showing his support for anti-racism campaigns during a serie a game in januaray. milan plays benfica in monday 's semi-finals of the prestigious youth tournament , which is taking place in forte dei marmi in tuscany.
when utah photographer alan lawrence learned that his newborn son , wil , had down syndrome his ` mind was flooded with many emotions , most of which were not positive. ' he said he once believed having a child with down syndrome would put limits on what he and his family could accomplish. instead , lawrence said , little wil has taken the limits off and ` opened so many doors ' for his family in return , the father of five has taken the limits off the child and given him a one-of-a-kind ability. the ability to fly. scroll down for video.
but it is unknown for certain what the rectangular island and its labyrinthine ruins , located in a lake in deepest siberia , was actually used for when it was built 1,300 years ago. historians and scientists are divided , but some experts believe the isolated area may have been built to attract people instead imprisoning them , and suggest it was a summer palace , monastery , or an astronomical observatory. the mysterious island , por-bajin , was found in the centre of a remote lake high in the mountains of southern siberia. a reconstruction sought to show what the island could have looked like before it was ruined.
a paratrooper who braved heavy taliban fire to rescue a wounded comrade received the victoria cross from the queen yesterday. she told lance corporal joshua leakey : ` i do n't get to give this one out very often. ' but in fact the 27-year-old is the second member of his family to receive the highest military decoration for valour -- a cousin was given the honour 70 years ago. scroll down for video. the queen awards a victoria cross to lance corporal joshua leakey , who showed immense bravery by drawing enemy fire and helping his comrades before taking the fight to the taliban in august 2013.
a former nfl player has revealed that his mother demanded he pay her one million dollars as the cost for ` raising him for the last 18 years ' after he was drafted into the professional league. phillip buchanon was a first-round draft pick for the oakland raiders , and seventeenth overall , when his mother made the request in 2002. buchanon , who also played for the houston texans , tampa bay buccaneers , detroit lions and washington redskins before retiring in 2011 , discussed the incident in his recently released book new money : stay rich. former nfl player phillip buchanon -lrb- pictured here playing for the oakland raiders -rrb- has revealed his mother demanded he pay her one million dollars as the cost ` for raising him for the last 18 years ' after he was drafted.
chelsea took a giant step towards the premier league title with a hard-fought 1-0 victory against manchester united. eden hazard 's sublime strike in the 38th minute proved crucial as jose mourinho 's side extended their lead at the top of the standings. here , sportsmail 's oliver todd rates the players ' performances at stamford bridge. branislav ivanovic had a tough afternoon marking marouane fellaini -lrb- left -rrb- but he did well in the air throughout. chelsea -lrb- 4-2-3-1 -rrb-. thibaut courtois 6 - while united dominated , not much to do. branislav ivanovic 6 - tough afternoon trying to get close to fellaini but did well every time the ball came into the box in the air.
star wars : rogue one , starring felicity jones , which is slated for release in december 2016. the jedis are all but extinct , the old republic is in turmoil and the threat of the death star is looming in ` rogue one , ' fans learned at star wars celebration on sunday. gareth edwards who directed godzilla debuted a tantalizing trailer to preview the mysterious film , which is part of a series of films exploring other stories outside of the core ` star wars ' saga. before the empire , ' says alec guinness as obi wan kenobi in a voiceover reprised from 1977 's star wars : a new hope.
new york mets closer jenrry mejia has been suspended for 80 games without pay after testing positive for the banned substance stanozolol , major league baseball said on sunday. ' i know the rules are the rules and i will accept my punishment , but i can honestly say i have no idea how a banned substance ended up in my system , ' mejia said in a statement issued by the players union. jenrry mejia has been suspended for 80 games without pay after testing positive for a banned substance. ` i 'm sorry to the mets organization , my teammates and the fans , as well as my family.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- thinking about presidential candidates ? apparently , hormones are a major factor one should consider. according to one female businesswoman in texas , hillary clinton should n't be president because her hormones might make her so irrational she 'll start an unnecessary war. when george w. bush waged an unnecessary war in iraq -- was his testosterone to blame ? as cheryl rios , the ceo of go ape marketing , sees it : `` we 're built differently , we have different hormones. '' `` with the hormones we have there is no way we should be able to start a war , '' rios wrote in a facebook post.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- in the beginning ... there was the bible , and it was a very good book. but this catholic had n't read it -- at least , not from cover to cover. at work this week , i was talking with some colleagues about pope francis ' upcoming trip to the united states. i have never read the bible from genesis to revelation. my excuse always has been that catholics have their bible passages read to them at mass every sunday. and there are so many people that can so effortlessly quote long and beautiful passages. still , it made me wonder : why i had not read the good book cover to cover ? i took a scriptures class in 9th grade of my catholic high school , but we moved through that year with only selected passages to journal about.
a very clever bearded dragon appears to have mastered the art of the english language , responding when she 's asked whether she wants something to eat. liz the bearded dragon , who lives with owner shannen hussein , 21 , on her hobby farm in melbourne , is the star of a recent video taken at mealtime. liz the bearded dragon responds to her owner when asked ` are you hungry ? ' the reptile nods her head after hearing her owner shannen hussein speaking to her. the bearded dragon is then rewarded for her conversational skills with a superworm treat , which she ` absolutely loves '.
like many women , i 've long dreamed of a bigger bust. as a modest 34b i 've experimented with every push-up , plunge and balcony bra there is , so i 'm intrigued to learn of a new # 150 bra that claims to take you from a b-cup to a dd in an instant. the scandfit try size -- dubbed ` the boob-job bra ' -- was developed to help women about to go under the knife decide what size implants to have. scroll down for video. at a size 34b , annabel cole -lrb- pictured without the bra -rrb- has long dreamed of having a bigger bust but would never have surgery , so she decided to put ` the boob-job bra ' through its paces.
the teenager who was famously pictured in a bloodied state in his mugshot after he sexually abused an 11-year-old boy and was beaten unconscious by the child 's father has been jailed for 25 years. raymond frolander , 18 , was beaten to a pulp by the furious father after he walked in on the teenager performing a sexual act on his son at his home in daytona beach , florida , last july. after frolander 's arrest , police released his mugshot , which saw him sporting swollen lips and eyes , black bruises and lacerations to his face. now , the defendant has been sentenced to a quarter of a century in prison by circuit judge leah case after pleading no contest to lewd and lascivious molestation of a victim younger than 12.
charles tillman has concluded his storied 12-year career with the chicago bears. the veteran cornerback has agreed a deal with the carolina panthers with the two-time pro bowler opting to link-up with ron rivera. at the age of 34 and after another injury-hit season , the new bears hierarchy did not express an interest in keeping tillman on the roster. charles tillman has ended his chicago career but remains a favourite for his work on and off the field. drafted in the second round from louisiana lafeyette in 2003 , tillman became a staple of lovie smith 's stingy defense , which propelled the bears to super bowl xli.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- the greater adjutant stork is a majestic bird. `` they are intelligent birds. the dirty , wet conditions of the landfill attracted the endangered stork , and the stork attracted bouldry. through a series of photos taken within a day , he captures what it 's like to live inside one of the largest dumping grounds in india. the boragaon landfill is located in the city of guwahati , about 300 miles from bangladesh near the bhutanese border. -lrb- other landfills , bouldry says , contain older , compacted trash. for the past seven years , bouldry has traveled the world photographing landfills.
a workaday local news report on a brush fire came to an adorable ending when it inadvertently captured a kitten being rescued. as the camera zoomed in , live footage showed firefighters plucking a tiny black kitten from the edges of the smoldering blaze. it 's behind you : wplg reporter roger lohse had almost finished an unremarkable report on a fire when it was pointed out that a kitten was being rescued behind him. noticing : lohse 's cameraman pointed out the rescue to him , and he went to investigate. as lohse noticed the live rescue , he ran over to two firefightings holding the lost kitten in a towel , and asked where it had been found.
judd trump was in confident mood after safely moving through to the second round of the betfred world championship in sheffield. trump led 7-2 overnight and many thought he would make light work of stuart carrington but he was made to battle before eventually securing a 10-6 victory. the 25-year-old closed with a century and will now face marco fu in the next round. judd trump beat stuart carrington 10-6 on thursday in the first round of the world championship. ` if i play how i know i can , i 'll win it. ' a re-rack was required in the 10th frame but that did not distract carrington who produced a break of 97 to reduce the gap to four.
a young mother is desperately trying to raise money for an expensive cancer treatment which could buy her more time with her family. louisa steckenreuter , 35 , a mother to two young children , darcy , 13 , and tilda , 2 , was diagnosed with osteosarcoma , a rare form of cancer last year. now to have a chance at accessing potentially life-saving treatment the woman from dulwich hill , in sydney 's inner-west , needs to raise $ 100,000. ' i was diagnosed on the 23rd of june last year , ' ms steckenreuter told daily mail australia.
this just days before a judge will decide if she must hand over $ 2.8 million in gifts she received from her ex , embattled former los angeles clippers owner donald sterling. scroll down video. she was joined for the male by an older male companion -lrb- above -rrb-. the italian restaurant , owned by chef giacomino drago , is known for its celebrity clientele , and is a favorite of stars including the hiltons and kardashians. stiviano was also showing off a new hairstyle for the outing as well , with her normally straight hair very curly and looking particularly full.
steve bruce has promised his wife janet he will go on a diet after unflattering paparazzi pictures of him on a barbados beach were publicised. the hull manager says he was ` disappointed ' that the pictures were published and that he was baffled that anyone would be interested. steve bruce was looking larger than life after being snapped holidaying in barbados with alan shearer. bruce has promised his wife janet he will slim down after seeing the unflattering snaps. fa chairman greg dyke recently outlined new proposals , including increasing the number on homegrown players in a squad of 25 to 12 , in effort to improve the national team.
tim sherwood and chris ramsey may become a united force again in seasons to come. they could continue as rival managers. whatever happens , they will remember this night when they went toe to toe for 90 minutes of top-flight football. it was good to see two english coaches who have come up through the ranks against each other in a match of this importance. their teams ' premier league statuses were not decided on tuesday night , but this felt like a sliding-doors moment that directed their paths. tim sherwood and chris ramsey embrace each other as they met at villa park on tuesday night.
the worst storm in a decade in nsw has killed three people , left 215,000 homes without power and caused commuter chaos with severe flash flooding but has n't appeared to deter surfers chasing the perfect wave. as the light was fading on monday , three men could be seen scaling huge walls of waves at deadman 's point in manly , sydney. on tuesday waves reached spectacular heights of 11.2 metres , according to the manly hydraulics laboratory , but this one later in the day appears even larger. ' scroll down for video. ` you can just see someone on the shoulder of this monster ' : three surfers attempted to scale a huge wave at manly 's deadman 's point.
sometimes a shrill alarm tone is n't enough to get you out of bed. and for one lazy dog , even a constant head-pounding could n't rouse her from sleep. lori smith filmed her pooch boomer being repeatedly hit as she lay with her head resting on the ledge of her electronic dog door. however , he ca n't help but giggle as he observes boomer refusing to budge. after more than 20 seconds and numerous head taps , boomer appears resting in the same position. one viewer said that perhaps the canine saw it as a type of head massage.
with overcast conditions and moisture in the air , it 's easy to see why the out-of-nick alastair cook put west indies in to bat. on test match special , graeme swann revealed the exact moment cook 's form with the bat took a turn for the worse. he said : ` two years ago when england were in new zealand , brendon mccullum said cook was the closest thing to don bradman. ` he has n't scored a ton since. ' alastair cook 's former team-mate graeme swann pointed out when the england captain 's form turned. while the rain came down in the morning , there was much talk of whether yorkshire 's leg-spinning all-rounder adil rashid would play in this test.
more than 100,000 people on the coast of the pacific northwest are in the path of a potentially deadly tsunami that could be similar to the one in 2011 that ravaged parts of japan. the new study highlights the areas in washington , oregon and california that would require more time to successfully evacuate for higher ground in the case of the next natural disaster. also in danger are 486 public venues , 440 dependent care facilities and 2,314 businesses with a ` significant customer presence '. scroll down for video. a tsunami evacuation route sign in nehalem , oregon , just one of the pacific northwest communities in the path of a potentially deadly tsunami that could be similar to the one in 2011 that ravaged parts of japan.
disabled children can face a lot of challenges - but one photographer from washington wants to make sure they recognize that they all have a super-human ability to conquer any challenge set before them. for the superhero project , renee bergeron , 38 , photographs children with special needs as superheroes , dressing them up with capes , goggles , and wands in order to make them feel like they can do anything. ` let 's face it , though -- these kids are all fighters. ' caped crusader : avery , pictured , was photographed for renee bergeron 's superhero project ; avery was born prematurely , has had multiple brain surgeries , and has a feeding tube in her stomach.
ahead of this weekend 's premier league action , sportsmail will be providing you with all you need to know about every fixture , with team news , provisional squads , betting odds and opta stats. here is all the information you need for chelsea 's home clash with stoke ... chelsea vs stoke city -lrb- stamford bridge -rrb-. chelsea will make a late decision on whether diego costa will play in saturday 's match with stoke. the striker suffered a hamstring injury in the premier league leaders ' win at hull last time out and withdrew from spain duty , but may not be risked despite being passed fit following the international break.
on february 14 , 1998 , new kid on the block michael owen scored a hat-trick for liverpool in a 3-3 draw with sheffield wednesday at hillsborough. the expectation surrounding owen escalated , and the intro for the next day 's report in the liverpool echo said it all : ` brazil have ronaldo. liverpool , and now england , have michael owen. ' michael owen was the new kid on the block in the premier league and scored three at hillsborough in 1998. owen celebrates as he scores his hat-trick against sheffield wednesday on february 14 , 1998. england 's young striker owen makes a run during the 1998 world cup against argentina in france.
he 'll tee off this week at the masters on his third. the 35-year-old veteran would rather be known for his golf than what he 's had to overcome to earn a spot in the field. erik compton shares a joke with jim furyk during a practice round at augusta ahead of the masters. a first heart transplant at 12 , then a second in 2008 after a major heart attack - what doctors call a ` widow-maker ' - while driving home from a lesson with longtime coach and close pal charlie delucca. ` it 's hard , but it 's also a great thing , ' compton said on monday after a practice round at augusta national.
elijah overcomer , 26 , left gloriavale , a town of about 500 on new zealand 's west coast , with his wife , rosanna , 29 , and their children in late march 2013. shortly following their departure , the family watched the 2004 psychological thriller the village , by m. night shyamalan. mr overcomer said the film - where residents of a pretend 19th century town fear the ` wicked ' outside world - was a ` good comparison with our community ' , especially in their views of the greater world. you 're told if you leave gloriavale you 're lost , you lose your salvation.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- lane bryant has come up with a devil of an idea to market its lingerie while poking fun at a competitor. the plus-size clothing retailer has launched an ad campaign for its cacique line titled #imnoangel , seeking to `` redefine sexy. the lingerie giant was criticized last year for a campaign featuring the words `` perfect body '' over images of slender supermodels , and business insider reports that it is under increasing pressure from consumers to offer larger sizes. lane bryant 's campaign is getting positive buzz in social media land , with the company being hailed for celebrating beauty of all shapes and sizes.
raheem sterling first came to the attention of the wider world in a tv documentary charting brendan rodgers ' early days in charge of liverpool in the summer of 2012. in footage from a pre-season training session , the liverpool manager is seen rebuking sterling -- then a talented but largely untried teenager -- for answering him back. now sterling is a 20-year-old england international and a cornerstone of liverpool 's first team. raheem sterling has turned down a new deal with liverpool and put off contract talks until the summer. sterling has come a long way since being lectured by brendan rodgers during being liverpool.
mini-bottles of shampoo and complimentary bottles of fizz have come to be expected as standard hotel fare among discerning travellers. whether it 's a temporary pet fish , placed in your room and cared for by hotel staff , or a ` best man for hire ' to help make a couple 's special day that much better , these hotels have redefined what it means to go the extra mile. mailonline travel looks at the world 's most unusual , excessive hotel amenities. at over 50 locations of the kimpton hotel chain in the us , staff will put a goldfish in any guest 's room.
it 's been a frustrating few weeks but at our end we are trying everything we can to make the fight that everyone in this country wants to see -- scott quigg against carl frampton. you 'll have seen by now that we have offered frampton # 1.5 million for the fight -- all he has to do is turn up , we will take all the risks. if they do , cash the cheque and come to the manchester arena on july 18. scott quigg is desperate to fight carl frampton and has offered him # 1.5 million to do so on july 18.
a sales manager who claimed he was left too disabled to work after a ` minor ' road accident ten years ago has been accused of attempting a # 600,000 fraud - after being pictured out in a coffee shop with his celebrity friend max clifford. kevin morgan , 55 , of weybridge in surrey , was injured when a land rover discovery reversed into his stationary rover 75 while he was working in dorset in september 2005. but as his # 600,000 damages claim began at the central london county court , he was accused of a staggering fraud by motor insurers , direct line group.
a contestant on the price is right has walked away with a $ 21,960 car for free courtesy of a dumb mistake by the model hired to reveal the answers on the daytime quiz show. the model and host drew carey both gasped after she revealed the true price of the hyundai sonata se before contestant andrea had finished guessing. a contestant on the price is right has walked away with a $ 21,960 car for free courtesy of a dumb mistake by the model hired to reveal the answers on the daytime quiz show. manuela arbelaez 's mind was clearly somewhere else when she removed the wrong price tag during thursday 's show.
health officials say a drug-resistant mutant super-strain of a nasty stomach bug has made its way into the u.s. and is spreading - already causing more than 200 illnesses since last may. the symptoms include diarrhea , stomach cramps and nausea. outbreaks of the shigella bacteria are not unusual , but this strain is resistant to the antibiotic most commonly prescribed for adults. the centers for disease control and prevention released the report thursday. the superbug sickened at least 243 people , in 32 states and puerto rico. sometimes antibiotics are prescribed , especially for more serious cases. cdc director tom frieden said in a statement : ` these outbreaks show a troubling trend in shigella infections in the united states.
on saturday evening , nac breda manager robert maaskant let his fists do the talking as his side did just that against fc dordrecht. after being two goals to the good at the interval thanks to goals from dutch-moroccan forward adnane tighadouini , relegation battlers nac seemed to be heading towards three vital points against the team rooted to the bottom of the eredivisie. nac breda manager robert maaskant takes out his anger on the substitutes bench on saturday evening. after his side give up a two-goal lead the 46-year-old smashes through the plastic casing of the dugout. the livid nac manager then turns to his bench to further express his dissatisfaction.
this incredible video shows the moment a world freediving champion jumped into the world 's second deepest underwater sink hole. the dramatic footage shows guillame néry standing at the edge before jumping in - all without scuba gear and simply holding his breath. and in the video he seemingly reaches the bottom of the 660ft -lrb- 200 metes -rrb- hole before swimming back to the surface. french free diver jumped into dean 's blue hole in the bahamas. the hole is 660ft -lrb- 200 metres -rrb- deep , although he does n't go to the bottom. free divers are able to hold their breath for more than 20 minutes.
the u.s surgeon general has enlisted elmo to urge american children to get vaccinated in the wake of recent national debate over the right to refuse immunization. a campaign video sees dr vivek murthy and the sesame street favourite go through the process of getting vaccinated and explaining to children -lrb- and parents -rrb- why it is so important. scroll down for video. campaign : surgeon general vivek murthy and elmo explain why getting vaccinated is crucial to keep other children safe and healthy. as dr murthy visits sesame street , elmo tells him he is ` worried about getting a shot , ' asking the surgeon general : ` why does everyone need a vaccination , anyway ? ' in response dr murthy compares getting vaccinated to using an umbrella when it rains and wearing a helmet on a bike.
with its stuffed rhino heads and gleaming white tusks , the trophy room at sandringham was a relic of a bygone era -- as well as rather embarrassing for animal welfare crusader prince william. but now the age of political correctness appears to have caught up with the queen 's norfolk estate. throwback : how the trophy room at sandringham used to look , complete with stuffed rhino heads. all 62 items -- including an indian tiger , a leopard , skins and tusks -- have been placed in storage. the drastic change was apparent when the estate reopened its doors to the public on saturday.
the girlfriend of a tv star 's son has posed in provocative images posted on social media in a bid to push the couple 's campaign to legalise marijuana. outrageous conceptual artist and son of television veteran terry willesee , jesse willesee , was arrested at sydney town hall for smoking weed at 4.20 pm on monday as part of the 420 campaign. joining him on his cannabis crusade is his girlfriend jasmine dinjar who has posed topless in underwear printed with marijuana leaves and with fingernails painted with the cannabis sign. jasmine dinjar has posted provocative images of her promoting the use of cannabis on instagram.
around one in seven couples suffer with infertility and an increasing number are seeking alternative therapies in the hope it will bring them a longed for baby. those who can afford it can turn to london 's famous private medical haven harley street , where dr xiao-ping zhai has been helping women conceive for decades using only traditional chinese medicine. now she 's invited bbc cameras inside the zhai clinic , which she opened in 1996 , to reveal the secrets of her success. dr xiao-ping zhai says she has used chinese medicine to help a thousand women become pregnant. dr zhai 's methods include acupuncture and prescribing a bespoke combination of chinese herbs which must be taken day and night.
if a homeless man stopped you on the street and offered you money , what would you do ? that is the question being posed in a new youtube video by entertainer yousef saleh erakat , who disguised himself as a homeless man and found out that the answer was often less than kind. as a man in a suit and on his cell phone walks by in the beginning of the video , erakat gets his attention. ' youtube entertainer yousef saleh erakat disguised himself as a homeless man to see what would happen if he offered people on the street his own money instead - and found out the results were less than kind.
the woman looking back at me ? she 's gorgeous , intelligent and fabulous ! quite simply , i adore who i am -- inside and out. i 'm no narcissist -- i 'm perfectly aware i have flaws , but they 're deliciously wrapped up in the very unique moi. i 've grown to love my nose that tilts ever so slightly to the right , my hourglass figure that boasts slightly-too-large hips , and my green-sometimes-grey eyes. i 'm a size 10 , but even so i could do with dropping 10lbs. talk about putting the meeker sex on the spot.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- it 's not easy being the pope. not only does he shepherd nearly 1 billion catholic souls , he also leads a small but morally significant state with envoys and interests in nearly every country. as scholars like to say , the vatican has walked the line between spiritual and worldly concerns for centuries. at other times , popes have to make a hard choice : adopt the sharp tongue of a prophet or the discretion of a diplomat ? this sunday in rome , pope francis faced just such a dilemma. one hundred years ago , more than 1 million armenians -lrb- some estimates run as high as 1.5 million -rrb- died at the hand of the turks.
blue bell ice cream announced friday that it has suspended operations at an oklahoma production facility that officials had previously connected to a foodborne illness linked to the deaths of three people. last month , the company and health officials said a 3-ounce cup of ice cream contaminated with listeriosis was traced to a plant in broken arrow , oklahoma. scroll down for video. blue bell ice cream has suspended operations at an oklahoma production facility that officials had previously connected to a foodborne illness linked to the deaths of three people. ten products recalled earlier in march were from a production line at a plant the company 's headquarters in brenham , texas.
standing just a few feet apart , the beachfront homes are virtually identical in every way , boasting an indoor swimming pool , four storeys and stunning sea views. but the prospective buyers might have to flip a coin to see who gets which one - because one of the homes comes with an extra en-suite bedroom. scroll down for video. two adjoining ` his and hers ' mansions have gone on the market on the world-renowned sandbanks peninsula for # 13 million. tom doyle , of estate agents lloyds property group which is selling both properties , said the homes would be perfect for a couple who like their independence.
an eight-year-old boy who was made an outcast in his village and described by his own family as a ` ticking time bomb ' because he has hiv has been given a home at last. in a case that was condemned around the world , luo kun kun was expelled from his village when locals - including his own grandfather - signed a petition to banish him to ` protect villagers ' health '. but now a specialist school in linfen , a city in southern shanxi province , has stepped in to help. the red ribbon school is the only school in china equipped to look after and educate hiv-positive children.
a handwritten notebook in which britain 's enigma machine genius alan turing admits he is baffled by an equation could fetch up to $ 1million -lrb- # 690,000 -rrb-. the 56-page book bought in cambridge contains turing 's thoughts on the clearly tricky ` leibniz notation dx/dy '. scroll down for video. a handwritten notebook in which britain 's enigma machine genius alan turing admits he is baffled by an equation could fetch up to $ 1million -lrb- # 690,000 -rrb-. above , he wrote that the leibniz notation was ` extremely difficult ' it was written at the bletchley park code-breaking headquarters in 1942 and paved the way for computer science.
the internet 's most popular capybara enjoyed some downtime in the bath with its duckling friends. capybara joejoe who lives in las vegas with his owner cody kennedy , has almost 60,000 followers on instagram. add that to his near 5,000 facebook likes and his twitter account that boasts over 1,000 twitter followers and you have yourself one popular rodent. the capybara called joejoe has near 60,000 instagram followers and lives in las vegas with his owner cody kennedy. sat in a shallow bath , the large rodent sits perfectly still while three energetic ducklings stand on its head and body.
brian williams started embellishing his stories because he felt insecure following in tom brokaw 's very large footsteps at nbc , according to a new report. the network handed williams a six-month suspension in february after he acknowledged he had lied about being on board a helicopter that came under fire while reporting from iraq in 2003. clash : tom brokaw and brian williams are pictured in new york in 2004 - the year williams took over brokaw 's role on the nightly news. a new report has claimed williams always felt insecure following him. ` he really was our walter cronkite.
ahead of this weekend 's premier league action , sportsmail will be providing you with all you need to know about every fixture , with team news , provisional squads , betting odds and opta stats. here is all the information you need for west ham 's home clash with stoke ... west ham united vs stoke city -lrb- upton park -rrb-. west ham. west ham will have ecuador forward enner valencia available again following a toe injury for saturday 's barclays premier league game against stoke at upton park. defender james tomkins has undergone shoulder surgery and hopes to be in contention again before the end of the season.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- let 's start with a pop quiz -lrb- space junkies can skip this test -rrb-. 1 -rrb- the planet closest to the sun in our solar system. if you flunked the test , it might be because mercury -lrb- the planet -rrb- suffers from bad -lrb- or very little -rrb- press. mercury orbits about 35,983,125 miles from the sun. compare that to earth -- we 're about 93 million miles from the sun. venus , on the other hand , the planet between earth and mercury , appears to be the brightest planet in the sky. pilot sends plane into dive after mistaking venus for oncoming plane.
but followers of gold coast training queen ashy bines were shocked to receive an email on saturday advertising one of her exclusive programs for an eye-popping $ us49 ,500 per year. ms bines on monday apologised to her ` very angry and upset ' followers after an extra zero was added to the cost of the yearlong program - the real price being a tenth of that , or $ 4,950. ` there was a mistake in the wording , ' ms bines said in an email to her thousands of followers , after questions from daily mail australia. scroll down for video.
shops are full of red dresses this year , so should you be tempted to trade in your lbd for an lrd ? it 's a colour that radiates energy and sexiness , but that can all be wrecked if the style does n't suit you. we asked kate battersby to try six looks to see which work -- and which absolutely do n't. scroll down for video. lace may be back in fashion , but to me it 's unfailingly ageing. the unattractive shade of orangey-red is made worse by the colour of the underslip -- a queasy pale peach.
stranded for up to five hours , they endured discomfort , frustration and danger more associated with travel in the third world. in fact they were among thousands on two commuter trains near clapham junction -- britain 's busiest interchange station -- during morning rush hour as services descended into chaos. scroll down for video. chaotic scenes : thousands of commuters were stranded on trains for up to five hours after a power failure at clapham junction station -lrb- pictured -rrb- in south-west london. heat : sami dodangeh tweeted a picture of police officers handing out water to passengers in stifling conditions.
a trim 120-pound mother-of-four set a new world record this weekend and earned $ 6,000 in prize money after downing three 72-ounce steak dinners in just 20 minutes. competitive eater mary schuyler accomplished the stunning feat in front of hundreds at the big texan steak ranch restaurant in amarillo , texas on sunday. scroll down for video. winner , winner , steak dinner : molly schuyler won the 72-ounce steak dinner challenge at the big texan steack ranch restaurant in amarillo , texas on sunday. worth it : for breaking the record for quickest steak dinner eaten and for finishing her three meals in under an hour , schuyler took home a grand total of $ 6,000.
jimmy white 's bid to play in the world snooker championship for the first time since 2006 ended on monday as he crashed to defeat by matthew selt. white had defeated james wattana in his qualifying opener on saturday and needed two more wins to to reach the main event at the crucible. jimmy white 's bid to qualify for this year 's world snooker championship at the crucible ended on monday. matthew selt fought back from 7-2 down to beat white 10-8 in qualifying in sheffield. white , the 52-year-old who lost all six world championship finals he played , had looked good for the win after taking a 7-2 lead after the opening session in the morning.
a headteacher who allegedly used his school email to set up a threesome with a prostitute who he wanted to spank while she was dressed as a schoolgirl , has resigned from his post. the married father-of-four has not returned to the costello school in basingstoke , hampshire , since the correspondence came to light last month , and has now left the school. married father-of-four david nicholson is accused of sending messages to a prostitute about spanking her when she is dressed up in school uniform using his official school email. mr nicholson , from great bedwyn , wiltshire , is still under investigation by ofstead after claims he used his official school email address to contact an # 150-an-hour escort through an adult website and arrange a meeting with her and another woman.
a controversial anti-vaccination organisation has come under fire for comparing compulsory vaccination to rape in a social media post. the australian vaccination skeptics network , an anti-vaccinations lobby group , posted an image to their facebook page on thursday which shows a man holding a woman with his hand over her mouth in an aggressive silencing gesture. really - no big deal , if it 's just a vaccination needle and he 's a doctor. the australian vaccination skeptics network has come under fire for comparing vaccinations to rape. the image was posted in response to tough new laws announced by social services minister scott morrison earlier in april , which means that parents will no longer be able to access childcare benefits simply by signing a form that says they object to immunisation based on ` personal , philosophical or religious ' reasons.
england ended the day in a strong position , but it 's worth bearing in mind what happened in antigua in 2009. like thursday , england declared just before tea , leaving west indies a hefty target -lrb- 503 -rrb-. but the home side 's lower order hung on -- with sulieman benn batting as high as nine -- and forced an unlikely draw. stuart broad celebrates with his england team-mates after taking the wicket of kraigg brathwaite. with gary ballance knocking the ball around the park , his partner jos buttler thought he 'd get in on the act -- but instead smashed a loopy ball from marlon samuels straight into his team-mate 's arm.
new zealand police are appealing to the public to help identify a man who robbed a christchurch dairy wearing a ` distinctive ' cartoon mask. he made off with the dairy 's till and about $ 1500 in cash on saturday , stuff.co.nz reports. a man in a ` distinctive ' cartoon mask demanded cash from owner 's daughter on saturday. police were reportedly called to the union st dairy , in east christchurch at about 12.30 pm , after receiving reports of a masked man demanding cash from the dairy owner 's daughter. christina chen told reporters her 30-year-old daughter ran out of the shop screaming ` robber ! '.
viewers have slammed saturday night live for a controversial sketch that made light of a teacher raping her 16-year-old student. an attorney , portrayed by host taraji p. henson , asks the boy how long the illicit relationship lasted , to which daly replies : ` five glorious weeks m ` amm. controversial : the scene portrayed a teenager testifying called gavin daly , played by pete davidson -lrb- left -rrb- , in court during the trial of janet johnson-luna , 32 , played by cecily strong -lrb- right -rrb-. the judge smiles and turns to the witness before saying : ` look at you.
these are the pictures taken by an unforgiving regime of the men , women and children caught trying to escape its suffocating clutches and then forced to re-enact their ordeal for the cameras of the secret police. ` reenactment mfs ' - the ministry for state security better known as the ` stasi ' during the 40 year existence of the east german state - is a new book containing these photos of desperation which the socialist rulers used as evidence in the show trials against those they caught. scroll down for video. foiled : the stasi - east germany 's secret police - forced people to pose for their pictures , showing exactly how they had planned to escape from the german democratic republic.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- combining healthy eating with moral support , jean nidetch became a heavyweight in the weight-loss industry. the founder of weight watchers died wednesday at her home in florida. nidetch described herself as an `` overweight housewife obsessed with cookies. '' after countless fad diets , nidetch figured that accountability was the key to keeping the weight off. at the time , she was 38 years old and weighed more than 200 pounds. '' through the program of regular weigh-ins , peer support and accountability , not only did nidetch lose 72 pounds , but she inspired millions more to shed pounds too.
jaap stam had just ordered a new kitchen for his cheshire home when he was informed by sir alex ferguson that he was being sold to lazio. the then manchester united manager did n't mention in the same conversation that his son , jason , stood to make a seven-figure sum in his role as an agent in the deal. raheem sterling shakes hands with liverpool boss brendan rodgers during training on thursday. the two were at melwood alongside the rest of the liverpool squad in preparation for clash with arsenal. rodgers remains confident that sterling will stay and the situation will be resolved in the summer.
one of the most widespread ` food rules ' passed down from generation to generation may actually be a myth. the five-second rule , which has been cited to justify picking up everything from a salt and vinegar chip to an assortment of cold cuts , is not as sure-fire as many snackers would surely like it to be. scroll down for video. one of the most widespread ` food rules ' passed down from generation to generation may actually be a myth , meaning this tart is n't safe to pick up. ` there 's no such things as a ` five-second rule ' , ' food safety information council spokeswoman rachelle williams told daily mail australia.
the widow of us navy seal chris kyle has revealed the painful moment she first broke the news to their two children that their father had been murdered. taya kyle told abc 's robin roberts she gathered her son , colton and daughter , mckenna and prepared to tell them. reveal : taya kyle had to do everything she could from falling apart in front of her kids when she explained to them their father had been killed. recovery : taya has given an interview to 20/20s robin roberts about her life since eddie ray routh was convicted of killing her husband , american sniper , chris kyle.
work has started on repairing the roof of the silverstone motor racing circuit which was damaged by high winds during the last couple of days. part of the ` wing ' - the $ 40million -lrb- # 27m -rrb- , three-story corporate building at the host venue of formula one 's british grand prix - was affected by the winds on late sunday and monday. a section of silverstone 's motor racing circuit roof was damaged on sunday and monday due to high winds. silverstone sporting director stuart pringle insists upcoming events will not be affected by recent damage. silverstone 's sporting director , stuart pringle , says in a statement that the site ` looks a bit of a mess at the moment ' but ` the damage is largely cosmetic , and the structural and functional integrity of the roof remains completely intact.
chris robshaw is braced for further scrutiny after he was caught on camera holidaying in barbados with girlfriend camilla kerslake. the england captain has already talked to andrew strauss and lawrence dallaglio about the pressures of being in the spotlight in world cup year. robshaw 's worst fears were realised earlier this month when he was snapped on a sunshine break. chris robshaw and camilla kerslake shared this boating picture via instagram while on holiday in barbados. the couple attend the olivier awards at the royal opera house on sunday and robshaw in action v france. '
bradley dew has been jailed for mugging his deaf friend to steal his mobile phone and a # 10 note. a thug has been jailed after he mugged his deaf friend to steal his mobile phone and a # 10 note. bradley dew , 26 , had been drinking with his friend at a pub in faversham in kent earlier that day and had borrowed his mobile. but later in the evening dew returned to his friend 's home , claiming he had lost the mobile on a train after returning from herne bay. he then stole # 10 out of his wallet.
england may be well on course to sealing their spot at euro 2016 but it appears as if manager roy hodgson still does not know his best xi. sportsmail 's top team of reporters have submitted their starting line-ups for the finals in france , assuming everyone is fit of course. england manager roy hodgson pictured at the juventus stadium during tuesday 's friendly against italy. hart ; clyne , cahill , jagielka , baines ; henderson , wilshere ; welbeck , rooney , sterling ; kane. not perfect by any means but i think it 's important to keep rooney in a more central position , in the no 10 role he is most comfortable in , behind the best striker at this moment in time.
two more games and jose mourinho will have confirmed his mastery of the premier league with a third title in five attempts at the trophy and chelsea will be crowned champions. not on the pitch , but on the touchline. mourinho and his assistant rui faria were up and down with unusual intensity , even for them , waving players back with the most extravagant gestures when they lost the ball. in fact , as one step beyond played at the end of the game and the players congregated in the centre circle , there was a sense that the celebrations were already in swing.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- sofia vergara 's ex-fiance is speaking out about their dispute over frozen embryos created while they dated. in an op-ed published by the new york times on wednesday , nick loeb explained his rationale for fighting to keep the two female embryos he shares with the actress. `` it has gotten attention not only because of the people involved -- my ex is sofia vergara , who stars in the abc series `` modern family '' -- but also because embryonic custody disputes raise important questions about life , religion and parenthood. '' loeb says he met the actress in 2010 and they got engaged two years later , at which point they decided to create the embryos and conceive a child via a surrogate.
atlanta -lrb- cnn -rrb- a fake name on a facebook post can still get you in real trouble , especially when you 're threatening to shoot every white cop you see. ebony dickens of east point , georgia , posted her facebook rant under the name tiffany milan , police said. `` all black ppl should rise up and shoot at every white cop in the nation starting now , '' said the post made on monday. `` i condone black on white killings. '' the post was removed a day later , just before dickens was arrested , cnn affiliate wsb reported.
the dawn spacecraft has captured amazing new images of the mystery bright spots on the dwarf planet ceres , which continue to baffle scientists. in particular , the images show the brightest spot and its companion standing out against the darker surroundings. scroll down for video. nasa scientists in california have revealed new images of the dwarf planet ceres. however , scientists are still not able to explain what they are. dawn will begin its first science orbit around ceres on 23 april. these latest images were taken on 14 and 15 april from a distance of 14,000 miles -lrb- 22,000 km -rrb- from the north pole of ceres.
charleston , south carolina -lrb- cnn -rrb- the casket is draped with an american flag , and walter scott is dressed in a dark suit. a white banner with a blue star refers to his favorite nfl team. '' a few mourners trickled into the fielding home for funerals in charleston , south carolina. charleston mayor joseph riley comes by to pay his respects and show support for the scott family. they are not at friday night 's visitation , the mayor says. the stress of the past week since scott was fatally shot in the back by a north charleston police officer michael slager is too much.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- a brutal raid on the garissa university college in kenya has left nearly 150 people dead -- including students -- and dozens more wounded. gunmen attacked the campus early thursday as morning prayers were underway , shooting indiscriminately and taking hostages before being killed by security forces , officials said. the u.s. embassy in nairobi said al-shabaab militants have claimed responsibility. the harrowing attack comes just months after al-shabaab militants murdered non-muslim workers in a kenyan quarry. the terrorist group has been behind numerous attacks in the region. al-shabaab is a somali group that the united states designated as a foreign terrorist organization in march 2008.
like hundreds of thousands of others , model and tv personality jesinta campbell was a fan of wellness blogger belle gibson and followed her inspirational story of cancer survival. but after gibson finally admitted she faked her multiple cancer diagnoses -- following months of speculation and the undoing of her health empire -- campbell has joined the chorus of angry followers who say they feel insulted by her deception. ' i was actually at an awards ceremony - the cosmopolitan fun fearless female awards - and she was awarded with one of the big awards there. ' scroll down for video.
lada niva 4x4 # 13,395 on the road. as a result of the land rover defender 's demise , there could be a boom in sales of a russian badge which was a butt of many jokes in the soviet era -- the lada. lada 's 4x4 niva has long been the car that bucked the trend of laughing at the russian carmaker and has won fans around the world thanks to its robust nature and chunky looks. the niva -lrb- pictured -rrb- is a highly capable , ruftytufty 4x4 from russia -- for a fraction of the price of a new land rover and it is also available in a compact van format -lrb- # 10,590 , excluding vat and road tax -rrb-.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- this is week two of an ongoing series : a catholic reads the bible this week covers the book of genesis , chapters 1-11. a week ago , i was worried i would n't have anything to write about. the first step was choosing a bible. i went with the version that i received for winning the religion award at rice memorial high school in south burlington , vermont. as i mentioned in the first installment of this series , i 'm a lifelong catholic who finally plans to read the bible from cover to cover. the bible i 'm reading is `` the deluxe catholic bible , '' published in 1986 by world bible publishing.
apple founder steve jobs ' widow laurene has told of her admiration for democratic white house front-runner hillary clinton. ms jobs , 51 , called former first lady hillary a ` revolutionary ' woman , and added that it 's not just because she 's a woman - but ` the type of woman she is '. laurene jobs , pictured , widow of apple 's steve , has strongly backed hillary clinton for president. laurene jobs said that hillary clinton , right , has ` judgment and wisdom ' based on her public service. ` it matters , of course , that hillary is a woman.
allan donald has confirmed he is to step down as south africa bowling coach. the 48-year-old former test paceman has served his country as part of the coaching team since 2011. allan donald has confirmed he is to step down as south africa bowling coach after four years in the role. ` it was always a big dream of mine to work in the south african cricket environment after my playing days , and i was incredibly honoured to be given the opportunity. ` the last four years have been the best of my life , and being involved with the proteas in the 2015 cricket world cup was a goal i had set my sights on.
sao paulo , brazil -lrb- cnn -rrb- hundreds of thousands of brazilians are taking to the streets in protests across the country , lashing out against president dilma rousseff as she struggles with an economic downturn and a massive bribery scandal. the demonstrators have called for the president to be impeached. one of the biggest : an investigation into a multimillion-dollar kickback scheme at the state-run oil company petrobras. petrobras was long considered the corporate jewel in brazil 's crown , one of the biggest companies in the world by market capitalization. but last year , investigators launched a sweeping investigation.
the joint director of the safe deposit company robbed in the # 60million hatton garden gem heist said yesterday that he believes it was an inside job. mahendra bavishi , who lives in sudan , said detectives have asked to put some ` sensitive ' questions to his british-based son who runs the business , including whether he suspects someone connected to the company or other firms in the same premises had links with criminal gangs. and he said the robbers almost certainly had some inside information because they appeared to know that several cctv cameras in the building where his firm is based were not working when they broke in.
comedian jenny eclair travelled with her other half on a painting in venus break with flavours. being control freaks , most fifty-something females find ` doing nothing ' a bit boring -- after all , there are only so many hours one can spend on a kindle , and woman can not live by fiction alone. this is the time when the ` alternative holiday experience ' tickles your holiday tastebuds and you find yourself looking at brochures for nordic cruises. but apart from choosing chilly destinations such as the arctic or scarborough , your other non-lolling-about option is the ` activity holiday ' , which can range from pilates to kayaking , or painting to pottery.
cristiano ronaldo was back to his brilliant , unplayable best as he scored five goals in real madrid 's 9-1 rout of granada on sunday , among them an eight-minute hat-trick. that treble was ronaldo 's 31st career hat-trick and his 24th in la liga , equalling lionel messi 's record in the competition. it also took his formidable goal tally for the bernabeu club to 299 in 287 matches. against granada , ronaldo has now scored 11 times in just eight matches. we take a look at the clubs who have suffered the most at the hands of the portuguese wonder.
a photographer and mother-of-two has turned a collection of candid images of her energetic daughters and their friends into a powerful photography series that celebrates their strength and confidence , while highlighting what it means to be a girl today. kate t. parker , from atlanta , georgia , was inspired to create her aptly-titled series strong is the new pretty while pouring over photos she snapped of her daughters ella , nine , and alice , six , playing sports and enjoying their childhoods. summer breeze : atlanta-based photographer kate t. parker captured this group of girls cooling off in front of a fan for her photo series strong is the new pretty.
to hear leigh griffiths tell it , the intervention staged by celtic boss ronny deila and assistant john collins was definitely closer to a kick in the what-nots than it was a pat on the back. as the kid himself puts it : ` being top scorer now means that , since i have had a talk with the manager , i have knuckled down and proved him wrong , proved jc wrong and shown that i deserve to be here. ' hat-trick hero leigh griffiths with signed match ball and man of the match award. rather revealing , is n't it ? clearly demanding deila and original gym rat collins did not hold back in dealing with the gifted but wild natural talent , wielding a big stick in a bid to persuade griffiths that the carrot was n't such a bad alternative to chips and tea cakes.
muslim engagement and development have reportedly claimed they can influence up to 30 seats at the general election. a muslim group with links to extremists has claimed it can influence up to 30 seats at the election , it has been reported. muslim engagement and development -lrb- mend -rrb- was said to have boasted that they can act as ` kingmakers ' when the country goes to the polls. the group , which wants to let british muslims fight in syria without fear of prosecution , has bragged that it is in talks with both the conservatives and labour , according to the daily telegraph.
sam gallagher put an injury-hit season behind him by inspiring southampton to under-21 premier league cup glory , netting an exceptional goal which he hopes caught ronald koeman 's eye. last season surpassed all expectations for the teenage striker as he became a regular under mauricio pochettino , making 20 first-team appearances as back-up to rickie lambert. sam gallagher scored the winner as southampton u21s beat blackburn rovers 2-1 on monday. ronald koeman was in the crowd and gallagher says he hopes he impressed him. gallagher has not even been named in the matchday squad since the arrival of koeman , although he gave the saints boss a nudge in some style on tuesday evening.
jenny wallenda , 87 , the matriarch of the famous family of high-flying circus performers , died late saturday at her home in sarasota , florida , according to family members. wallenda 's nephew , rick wallenda , said his aunt died following a lengthy illness. wallenda was the oldest daughter of high wire walker karl wallenda and grandmother of daredevil performer nik wallenda. matriarch : in this january 1964 photo , jenny wallenda applies makeup in a dressing room prior to appearing at the opening of the shrine circus in detroit. relative : wallenda was the oldest daughter of high wire walker karl wallenda.
this is the moment a young boy 's dream came true when he met his hero r2d2 at a star wars convention and the pair danced along the corridor together. the child 's infectious giggles can be heard after r2d2 followed him around star wars celebration convention in anaheim , california and the pair began spinning around each other in circles. a young star wars fan giggled in delight when he was approached by his favourite character r2d2. the robot began turning in time with the boy and he can be heard on video giggling loudly and uncontrollably. in the video , which shows the boy giggling with delight , the blue and white robot dances approaches him and copies the child as he begins to turn on his wheels.
a utah man confessed to stabbing his ex-wife to death on wednesday when he called 911 and turned himself in. spencer gerlach , 20 , told police that he and his ex-wife keltsie gerlach were having a dispute on wednesday afternoon that escalated into murder. chief mike nelsen , brigham city police department told fox that when police arrived , keltsie was found dead in the living room with stab wounds. scroll down for video. confession : spencer gerlach , 20 , told police that he and his ex-wife keltsie gerlach were having a dispute on wednesday afternoon that escalated into murder.
with summer around the corner , icy treats are back on the menu. but if there is one phase transition in which food can become frustrating -- by giving us brain freeze and by getting painfully stuck to our mouths -- then it is when it is frozen. the fly is initially featured looking rather pleased as it fastens its tongue onto the beef steak and has a taste. like the infamous scene from dumb and dumber involving ice , a ski lift and a tongue , the fly becomes attached to the frozen food. videoed up-close , the fly is initially captured enjoying itself as it fastens its big tongue onto the beef steak and has a taste.
top marks for saskia , the girlfriend of an arsenal fan who aced a written exam on all things gunners to save their relationship and whose mostly correct responses have gone viral. ' for saskia -lrb- surname withheld -rrb- , the stakes were high before she scored 43.5 out of a possible 50 points , or 87 per cent. by the grading system of her boyfriend , who did n't want to be identified , that constitutes an a. saskia , 17 , aced the ` arsenal exam ' given by her boyfriend with a score of 43.5 out of 50 or 87 per cent.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- arsenal kept their slim hopes of winning this season 's english premier league title alive by beating relegation threatened burnley 1-0 at turf moor. a first half goal from welsh international aaron ramsey was enough to separate the two sides and secure arsenal 's hold on second place. more importantly it took the north london club to within four points of first placed chelsea , with the two clubs to play next week. but chelsea have two games in hand and play lowly queens park rangers on sunday , a team who are themselves struggling against relegation. arsenal have been in superb form since the start of the year , transforming what looked to be another mediocre season struggling to secure fourth place -- and with it champions league qualification -- into one where they at least have a shot at winning the title.
it 's time to find out who really has the best taste as the block 's four apartments are now on the market with the auctions pencilled in for april 28. before then the apartments will be open to the public on april 11-12 , with thousands of people expected to turn up for a look. teams will be hoping to do better than the block glasshouse duos , including darren and dea who pocketed just $ 10,000 for months of hard work and time away from their family. scroll down for video. ayden and jess 's work has been given good reviews over the course of the series.
whistleblower julian asssange has added insult to injury for sony pictures after his website wikileaks put hundreds of thousands of emails and documents from last year 's cyberattack into a searchable online archive. assange and wikileaks issued a statement on thursday saying that the data has a public interest , but the majority of the correspondences run from the mundane to the deeply personal. they expose not just the unguarded opinions of sony executives , but also reveal health concerns about their children and sadness over dying parents. scroll down for video. adding insult to injury : wikileaks founder julian assange -lrb- pictured here speaking via video link at the commonwealth law conference in glasgow on wednesday -rrb- has said that the information leaked belongs online because it shows the inner workings of an international company.
that is all tim sherwood has needed to bring aston villa out from the morgue and into life. an fa cup final awaits. there have been mistakes , notably in defeats to stoke city and swansea , but five glorious wins and a brand of football to excite and embolden far outweighs them. having been appointed on valentine 's day , villa fans have fallen in love after only nine weeks. tim sherwood has had an inspired start in charge of aston villa as they reached the fa cup final. benteke 's back. upon arrival , sherwood recognised the area he needed to target instantly : goals.
a picture , believed to be the only image of the civil war ironclad , the css georgia has been revealed to be a fake created in a teenage hoax using a 2ft model. john potter , from savannah , has admitted forging the picture with his brother in the 1980s and placing it in a frame which now holds a picture of his dead dog. scroll down for video. john potter -lrb- pictured -rrb- , from savannah , has admitted forging the picture with his brother in the 1980s and placing the picture in a frame which now holds a picture of his dead dog.
what was supposed to be a gentle splash around in the shallows suddenly turned into a much scarier prospect when holiday-makers came face to face with a shark in new zealand on saturday. papamoa beach , a popular bay of plenty destination , was an idyllic haven for swimmers until a shark came into the shore , swimming around in only a few feet of water. onlookers initially got out of the sea sharpish , but soon returned to take photographs and videos of the 2.5 metre bronze whaler as it eventually swam away. scroll down for video. onlookers soon had their mobile phones out to take videos and photographs.
he let his head rest on the grass and closed his eyes as if he was trying to wish it all away , as if he was trying to blot out the din and the agony and the wild celebrations of the arsenal fans. reading , still struggling to avoid relegation to league one , had performed heroically to push arsenal into extra-time in this fa cup semi-final and federici had pulled off a series of stunning saves to keep the sides level at 1-1 but the australian goalkeeper guessed there would be no way back now. there had been less than a minute to go before the extra-time interval when alexis sanchez had cut in from the left and fired in a stinging shot straight at federici.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- in july of 2013 , the oldest of jesus relics stories rose again when turkish archaeologists discovered a stone chest in a 1,350-year-old church that appeared to contain a piece of jesus ' cross. it is a piece of a cross , '' said excavation team leader gülgün köroğlu , an art historian and archaeologist. the latest relic of the cross on which jesus had died stalled out because , as köroğlu later said , the box that had contained allegedly holy objects was now -- mysteriously -- empty. the latest episode of the `` true cross , '' a powerful identifier for the faith of more than two billion people , is symbolic of the pitfalls in the hunt for jesus relics.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- two of the best actresses on television are back on `` the big bang theory '' -- one of our six suggested things to watch this week. 1. `` the big bang theory , '' thursday 8 p.m. et , cbs. sheldon and leonard 's moms are back , and that ought to make for one of the best episodes this season. tv 's top comedy will see the return of christine baranski and laurie metcalf as the mothers of leonard and sheldon , respectively. 2. `` saturday night live , '' saturday may 2 at 11:30 p.m. , nbc.
be it denim , cropped , printed or striped , the wide leg trouser is at the forefront of ss15 trends. and if like us you are growing tired of the skinny jean and want to try out a new look this could be your answer. skinny jeans have held court for quite a few years now and while they will never go out of style the wide leg will give you an alternative look. lou tried the out the trend seven years ago with a stella mccartney flared jean - luckily she kept hold of them ! the wide leg can be intimidating , especially if you 're on the shorter side.
by joanna biggs. famously and memorably , the poet philip larkin asked : ` why should i let the toad work / squat on my life ? ' he longed to be ' ... courageous enough / to shout stuff your pension ! - but knew he never would. coffee morning : britain at work. on any morning , in any town or city all over the world , people stream into their places of work , some driven by a sense of vocation , some by resigned boredom , some by greed , some by need. reading this book reminds me how times have changed dramatically since my generation left school or college in the sixties with no worries about finding a job.
director of the british museum neil macgregor has announced he is stepping down from the job at the end of the year. he previously ran the national gallery and has also worked as a broadcaster - most notably on his radio 4 series a history of the world in 100 objects which was inspired by the museum 's collection. neil macgregor , 68 , pictured at the british museum , which he has lead since 2002 , said it was ' a difficult thing ' to decide to leave after 13 years. ` but i 've decided that now is the time to retire from full-time employment and the end of this year seems a good time to go.
an eight-year-old boy from layton , utah , ran 33 miles just weeks before undergoing his fourth round of surgery on a malignant brain tumor. even before he was first diagnosed with a rare form of brain tumor - known as a mature teratoma - back in october 2014 , the young man was already running half marathons for charity , even raising $ 1,700 in september for two of his friends who suffer from spinal muscular atrophy. though his diagnosis meant more time in the hospital , often in order to undergo some kind of surgical procedure , the tumor did nothing to stop lota from hitting the trails.
journalist and author of the best-selling book i quit sugar has opened up about her own personal battle with mental illness , revealing she came close to taking her own life. during a candid interview sarah wilson , 41 , explained how anxiety drove her to believe she had reached a stage in her life where she ` could n't see the point of continuing. ' scroll down for video. sarah wilson opened up in a candid interview about how her battle with mental illness drove her to believe her life was n't worth living. during the intimate interview ms wilson revealed it was a combination of issues , including mounting stress , anxiety , her thyroid disease and distant family , that drove her to believe her life was no longer worth living.
portland timbers defender liam ridgewell writes his second column for sportsmail with the 2015 major league soccer season well under way in the united states. here , the 30-year-old from bexleyheath discusses his family 's visits to portland , coming up against orlando city 's brazilian star kaka and the upcoming clash against fierce rivals seattle sounders on monday morning at 2:30 am uk time. fifty hours. that was how long a group of our fans camped outside providence park before the game against fc dallas. they already had tickets , but just wanted to be first into the stadium. the atmosphere is special.
a 17-year old who spontaneously decided to run off for four days survived during his disappearance by eating from the fruit trees at his high school. connor sullivan , of cupertino , california , attended his first period class at monta vista high school on monday morning before disappearing for roughly 80 hours. though search parties took off from the school , they could not find sullivan , who said after his return that he slept under the bleachers every night , police told daily mail online. police and volunteers had searched -lrb- left -rrb- frantically for connor sullivan , -lrb- right -rrb- 17 , of cupertino , california , though the teenager was hiding at and around his high school.
planners in windsor have allowed two costa cafes less than 500 yards apart -lrb- file picture -rrb-. coffee addicts in windsor wo n't have to go far for a fix -- after planners in the royal borough allowed two costa shops less than 500 yards apart. the latest costa will open on the site of the former dedworth road hsbc branch , the last bank in the area before it closed last year amid protests. less than 500 yards away is a costa which replaced a cycle shop earlier this year. ` surely places like costa coming in rather than another fast-food shop or betting shop - there will soon be three within a mile - is that a sign that this part of windsor is on the up ? ' costa 's planning application says the new shop would be a ` significant driver to local trade '.
a young mother has spoken of her fear that she could die at any moment due to a rare heart condition that should have killed her at the age of three. betheny coyne , from wigan , lancashire , was diagnosed with a rare heart defect before she was born - and was never expected to reach her fourth birthday. but she defied medical predictions and now , aged 24 , she is mother to three healthy children. this is despite being warned that each pregnancy could have placed so much extra strain on her heart that she would die. betheny coyne , 24 -lrb- pictured with daughters haley , harper and grace -rrb- , was diagnosed with a rare heart defect before she was born - and was never expected to reach her fourth birthday.
cad : poet rupert brooke had a string of short-lived relationships with various women before he died aged 27 in april 1915. poet rupert brooke has long had a reputation as a ` young apollo ' , a symbol of innocent youth who was cut down in his prime during the senseless slaughter of the first world war. the documents , brought to light for the first time thanks to a # 430,000 grant , show brooke 's lovers complaining about his refusal to take their relationships seriously. the letters are part of the john schroder collection , which has spent decades in private hands but will now be available to the public after being bought by king 's college , cambridge , where the poet was a student.
shocking police dashcam footage has emerged showing an arizona cop speeding down a road , mounting a sidewalk and smashing into an alleged armed robber in a supposed bid to capture him. a police officer in one of the patrol cars says : ` one round just went out. ' he then tells his colleague , officer michael rapiejko , in the other vehicle : ` stand off , the gun is loaded. ' but apparently ignoring his advice , rapiejko overtakes the officer 's car , before speeding straight toward valencia. seconds later , his vehicle mounts the curb and smashes into the suspect 's body.
the family of the seven-year-old british boy killed in the french alps say his death has left a ` vast void in their hearts '. the schoolboy was skiing with his family when he became separated from his mother and headed into dense woodland where he fell over a 164ft drop. footprints in the snow eventually led police to his body , investigators revealed last night. they also described how the boy 's mother cari , 44 , desperately tried to find her missing son. in a moving tribute , carwyn 's family described how he ` made life full of laughter with never a dull moment '.
welsh international elliot kear is back in rugby league after signing for championship club london broncos. the 26-year-old winger or full-back has spent most of the year playing rugby union for london welsh after leaving bradford at the end of last season. ` i 'm really pleased to sign the contract and come back to rugby league , ' said kear. elliot kear will return to rugby league 's championship with london broncos after a season with welsh. the wales rugby league international switches back to the code after london welsh were relegated. ' london coach andrew henderson said : ` it 's a great signing for the club.
an oregon couple announced they are expecting a child in a rap video they made set to the theme from '90s television sitcom ` the fresh prince of bel-air. ' the clip , which features jesse and melissa meek rapping as they drive in a car , has been viewed over 1.7 million times on youtube. parents : jesse and melissa meek announced they are expecting a child in a video set to the theme song from '90s television sitcom ` the fresh prince of bel-air ' the original song for the popular nbc sitcom , sung by star will smith , details how his character grew up in west philadelphia , where he got into a neighborhood fight - and at his mother 's insistence , moved to his aunt and uncle 's home in their wealthy los angeles neighborhood.
for # 3,500 , tourists are being invited to book a trip to russia and sleep in the natural habitat of the siberian tiger , one of the world 's most endangered animals. bespoke tour operators natural world safaris is offering the rare trip which also gives guests a unique opportunity to view the big cat. a safari stay in russia offers tourists the chance to spot , and sleep near , one of the world 's most endangered animals - the siberian tiger. bespoke holiday providers natural world safaris is offering the rare trip which gives guests a unique opportunity to view the big cat.
fancy bonding with a brazilian , romancing a roman , puckering up to a parisian or seducing a swede ? a dating website is offering one lucky person the chance to scour the world for love , all without paying a penny. match.com is seeking an outgoing , media-savvy person with a passion for travelling and meeting new people to hop around the globe and go on dates with locals. scroll down for video. the chosen candidate will be able to discover all that the dating scene in each city has to offer. the lucky singleton will be given a round-the-world ticket with stops at five different destinations : new york , rio de janeiro , rome , stockholm and paris.
the owners of two dogs that got loose and mauled a jogger to death in michigan pleaded no contest on friday to a reduced charge. sebastiano quagliata and his wife , valbona lucaj , pleaded no contest to owning a dangerous dog causing death in the fatal mauling last summer of craig sytsma of livonia , the flint journal reported. sytsma , 46 , was attacked by two cane corsos last july in metamora township , 45 miles northwest of detroit. sebastiano quagliata -lrb- pictured -rrb- and his wife , valbona lucaj , pleaded no contest to owning a dangerous dog causing death in the fatal mauling of craig sytsma of livonia , michigan , and agreed to 15 years in jail.
sportsmen will go to extreme lengths to mend their battered bodies ahead of the next challenge , and that includes inserting multiple needles into their necks. english golfer ian poulter is an acupuncture convert who often uses the painful-looking alternative medicine technique to recover from the various strains that come with the sport. the english golfer has used the alternative medicine technique to aid his recovery in the past. poulter has just come off a strong finish at the us masters where successive final rounds of 67 saw him finish tied sixth at augusta , while sending a strong message to impressed ryder cup captain darren clarke.
three 's company : rebecca and husband harry settle in at anantara the palm jumeirah. my husband harry and i knew this was going to be a landmark holiday - the last one on our own for a long time. you ca n't fly after that without a doctor 's note. this was completely different - and utterly amazing. because it has over-the-water bungalows there were times when it felt like we were in the maldives , but when we went to the australian themed restaurant , i imagined i was back in the jungle on i 'm a celebrity -- even though there were n't any luxuries in that jungle.
polished evergreen foliage provides a great contrast with brightly coloured flowers and brings life to dull winter gardens. and when the flowers open their ' alabaster petals ' -- as the novelist balzac put it -- camellias are positively regal. they are easy to grow , but picky about soil. if yours is acid , free-draining and nutritious , they 'll thrive , but they mope in alkaline or neutral ground. so , if your soil does n't suit , plant in containers in ericaceous compost. the polished evergreen foliage of camellias makes for a great contrast to the brightly coloured flowers.
everyone loves a bargain , even in the mega-rich territory of the barclays premier league. where else to look for a steal than in the bargain basement ? that is where clubs at the top level can look down at the championship and below to take their pick of the players trying to impress. here , sportsmail looks at examples of players who have represented the lower leagues well in the premier league , and others who can do so too. aaron cresswell -lrb- ipswich town to west ham in july 2014 -- # 2million -rrb-. the full-back is one of just five outfield players to play every minute of his team 's premier league games this season.
forget fancy sheets and down-filled duvets , the perfect pillow is the key to a good night 's sleep. on average , we rest our weary heads on our pillows for more than 2,500 hours -- or the equivalent of more than 100 days and nights -- per year , so it 's certainly worth getting the right one. and while once our choice was limited to feather or fibre , the shops are now stuffed with everything from water pillows to scented pillows , and even one which is wired for sound. buckwheat hull pillow , # 22.99 , livingiseasy.co.uk.
train conductor graham palmer is the first to admit his poetic works are n't shakespeare , but when they 're delivered over the tannoy his passengers certainly do n't seem to mind. palmer , 52 , has been giving safety announcements and other messages in verse since last year when northern rail encouraged their guards to give their addresses a festive flavour. train conductor graham palmer delivers safety announcements over the tanny in the form of poetry. palmer , 52 , has delighted northern rail passengers with his self-penned poems since christmas last year. ` the poems are n't that clever really.
aden , yemen -lrb- cnn -rrb- the streets were empty but not quiet. shelling began to boom through the yemeni city of aden on thursday afternoon as we hurried back to board the boat that had brought us here from djibouti. people line up for bread , they line up for cooking fuel , and the electricity only works a few hours a day. and from late afternoon onward , most people stay indoors. how we got to yemen : 30 dangerous hours in a boat. saudi arabia began airstrikes on houthi rebels in yemen three weeks ago thursday. but aden remains a city not fully in the hands either of houthi rebels or forces loyal to the ousted government of president abdu rabu mansour hadi.
if relations between cuba and america have recently thawed , then there may well be a new battle between the two countries on the horizon. cuban bikini babe kathy ferreiro , 21 , is vying to steal kim kardashian 's crown for having the curviest booty in america. scroll down for video. cuban beauty kathy ferreiro has proved a hit on social media with fans loving photos of her curves , which the miami-based bikini-loving babe says are 100 per cent natural. and she loves a selfie ! the 21-year-old is being tipped by the miami fashion crowd to rival kim kardashian.
'' i was 13 years old. i never told anyone about that day until recently. the stories can be stomach churning : men masturbating on buses and at bus stops , boys stalking young girls -- both physically and online , men taking pictures of women without permission and uploading them on the internet. a study by we the people found that 80 % of women in mumbai had been street harassed , primarily in crowded areas like trains and railway platforms. most people , including women , only think of sexual violence as rape and tend to overlook touching , groping and stalking , not to mention the `` milder '' forms of ogling , leering , catcalling and whistling , even though all of this can be intimidating.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- espn suspended reporter britt mchenry for a week after a video of her berating a towing company employee surfaced thursday. the sports network announced her suspension on twitter. mchenry posted an apology on twitter , saying she allowed her emotions to get away from her during a stressful situation at a virginia business. i am so sorry for my actions and will learn from this mistake , '' she wrote. '' the employee tells mchenry she 's being recorded , but it does n't stop her from continuing her rant. '' cnn reached out to the arlington towing company for comment but did n't hear immediately back.
incredible footage of a sydney train station flooding during the storm of a decade on wednesday has been captured on cctv. a time lapse video , filmed from the platform over a 45 minute period at 11am , shows the water creeping along the tracks at bardwell park in sydney 's south forcing the partial closure of the t2 airport line. sydney 's two-day total rainfall totalled about 225mm by 9am wednesday -- the most fall for almost 17 years. a time lapse video , filmed from the platform between 11am and 11.45 am , shows storm water creeping along the tracks at bardwell park in sydney 's south.
a young woman on reddit has shared a set of inspiring before and after images , which showcase how an exercise plan she began 20 months ago in an effort to lessen her depression has not only helped her mentally -- but has also ensured a dramatic physical transformation. ` my progress has been fairly slow but , to me , the most important thing is that i did n't give up. ' scroll down for video. impressive results : aliesha peterson , 22 , first started exercising in august 2013 , left ; as of april 2015 , right , she has lost nearly 20lbs and gained a six-pack.
snp leader nicola sturgeon has left her boxy jackets and severe suits in the past - and she proved her new style credentials with a stunning appearance yesterday morning. the 44-year-old looked particularly glamorous on her way to bbc 's andrew marr show in a fuchsia column dress that flattered her slimmed-down physique. scroll down for video. snp leader nicola sturgeon has left her boxy jackets -lrb- in 2012 , left -rrb- and severe suits in the past - and she proved her new style credentials with a stunning appearance yesterday morning -lrb- right -rrb-. miss sturgeon -lrb- pictured last year , right , and in 2009 , left -rrb- is rumoured to have hired a personal shopper and employed a stylist in the run-up to the scottish parliament election in 2007.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- last week , california gov. jerry brown ordered mandatory statewide restrictions on water use for the first time in the state 's history. as it has in the past , california is leading the way in recognizing that population and economic growth has to respect the physical limits imposed by planet earth. california developed the infrastructure and system of legal rights it uses to distribute water at a time when the population was much smaller than it is today -- and when the climate was in an unusually wet phase , historically speaking. brown 's measures may be temporary , but we can hope that they 'll be a step toward a more permanent reformation of the state 's water distribution system -- one that includes large agricultural users , who are not included in the current measures , although they are the dominant consumers of california 's water.
singer-songwriter don mclean 's original manuscript and notes to ` american pie ' have been sold at auction for $ 1.2 million. mclean offered the wistful anthem that asks ` do you recall what was revealed the day the music died ? ' at christie 's on tuesday. the 16 pages include the original working manuscript and typed drafts of the song , including tantalizing new details about the famous anthem. in an interview published by christie 's auction house new york , where the manuscript was auctioned , mclean says american pie is about ` heading in the wrong direction '.
one man has curated a spooky collection of nine old dolls , which which he claims each have their own personalities. ian rogers , 36 , became hooked on all things paranormal as a child and took part in his first ghost hunt in the year 2000. scroll down for video. ian rogers owns nine haunted dolls all of which he says contain their own personality. ian 's favourite doll is annabel , who he thinks is haunted by a seven-year-old girl who drowned. ian , who is single , and a vehicle image inspector , from leicester , says that his obsession with the supernatural began at a very young age.
that small boast on social media can trigger a whirlwind that spins into real-life grief , as a texas veterinarian found out after shooting a cat. dr. kristen lindsey allegedly shot an arrow into the back of an orange tabby 's head and posted a proud photo this week on facebook of herself smiling , as she dangled its limp body by the arrow 's shaft. '' callers rang the phones hot at washington county 's animal clinic , where lindsey worked , to vent their outrage. web traffic crashed its website. high price of public shaming on the internet. then an animal rescuer said that lindsey 's prey was probably not a feral cat but the pet of an elderly couple , who called him `` tiger.
spain 's king felipe and queen letizia put on a united front today , as they stepped out for the first time since explosive new claims about the 47-year-old monarch 's father emerged. according to a new book by a former royal correspondent , the former king juan carlos ii had a long-running affair with a german socialite during the final decade of his reign. scroll down for video. claims : king felipe and queen letizia present a united front following the latest spanish royal scandal. walking arm-in-arm with his 42-year-old wife , king felipe , who took the spanish throne last june , kept a straight face as he approached photographers.
robert de niro has said hillary clinton should be president , insisting she has ` earned the right ' to be elected. the hollywood legend , 71 , who has been a long-time supporter of the democratic party , said if the former secretary of state is voted into the white house there will be ` no surprises '. in an interview with the daily beast , the goodfellas star said she had paid her dues , adding : ` it 's that simple. ' robert de niro , 71 , -lrb- pictured with hillary clinton at a new york benefit in 2013 -rrb- , said if the former secretary of state is voted into the white house there will be ` no surprises ' he was joined by american producer and tribeca film festival co-founder jane rosenthal.
the polish father , who may be suffering from amnesia , does not know how he came to lose his memory or be in the uk , and can not even recall his own name. a polish father has wandered into the london embassy with no memory of who he is except that he has a daughter. the mystery man , who may be suffering from amnesia , does not know how he came to lose his memory or be in the uk , and can not even recall his own name. the man , who was found without identification , taken to hospital after he arrived at the polish consulate in central london yesterday afternoon.
more than # 1.5 billion worth of unwanted online shopping items including women 's dresses , shoes and underwear are piling up in wardrobes , according to new research. four in ten britons have an average # 77 of this stuff lying around because they have not got around to returning it because the task is too inconvenient and lengthy , a survey shows. four in ten britons have an average # 77 of unwanted good because they have not got round to returning it. a fifth -lrb- 21 per cent -rrb- are too busy , believing that it takes nearly half an hour to return something each time , suggesting time is put ahead of hard earned cash.
from clipping nails to a plastic bag filled with urine , these photographs show the horrible airline passengers who carry on the unnecessary baggage. disgruntled flyers and flight attendants from around the globe , have taken their frustration to social media to shame feral passengers with annoying habits - and the results are sure to shock. scroll down for video. one traveller has snapped a picture of himself enduring the close proximity of another passenger 's foot. disgusting : one flight attendant found a surprise under one of the seats - a plastic bag filled with urine. other photos show two passengers wearing face masks , a male traveller working out in the aisle while one of the cutest passengers to hit the air was a bulldog that was seen in a security vest.
is this the world 's safest bike ? its designers certainly think so. boasting front and rear lights , rear view mirrors and even a car horn , the team behind the electric babel bike say it is unprecedented in its approach to safety. scroll down for video. london-based designer claims to have made the world 's safest bike. called the babel bike it has a host of features including a roll cage. crispin sinclair -lrb- shown with the bike -rrb- is seeking # 50,000 of funding on site indiegogo. the bike also has foot protectors and an electric motor. the babel bike was designed by london-based crispin sinclair - son of the famous british inventor sir clive sinclair , whose 1985 sinclair c5 bike turned out to be somewhat of a flop.
a woman strong-armed a man of his flexing title at a football game earlier this month. during a ` flex cam ' break at a philadelphia soul game on april 12 a woman proved that she had the biggest muscles in the room and maybe even the city. video of the unidentified woman 's robust display at the arena football league game has over 300,000 views on youtube. scroll down for video. the flex cam is a stadium tradition in which a camera rolls around the audience so that they can display their muscles. she can be seen seated and wearing a denim jacket and laughing when a man in front of her shows his chicken cutlet of a muscle.
representatives from comcast and time warner cable will meet with us department of justice officials to discuss concerns raised by their planned $ 45billion merger , according to reports. concessions addressing competition concerns created by the combination of the two cable giants ,. staffers at both the justice department and the federal. communications commission remain concerned the combined company. would have too much power in the internet broadband market. reps from comcast and time warner cable plan to meet with us department of justice officials on wednesday. there are also concerns the merged company and would have unfair competitive leverage against tv channel owners and businesses offering online video programming.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- novak djokovic extended his current winning streak to 17 matches after beating thomas berdych 7-5 , 4-6 , 6-3 in the rain-interrupted final of the monte carlo masters. but the serbian world number one did n't have it all his away under uncharacteristically slate gray skies on the mediterranean coast. djokovic edged a tight first set before losing the second after the czech sixth seed took advantage of the short rain delay and came back strongly. but djokovic broke twice early in the third set to surge to a 4-0 lead. and although berdych gamely fought back djokovic served out for the title.
comments sections and social networks across the web are littered with antisocial users who repeatedly abuse and provoke people to get a reaction. these so-called ` trolls ' have even been known to cause mental distress to their victims. but now a team of researchers has studied millions of such online posts to identify common traits among these users. and it has built an algorithm that can recognise a potential troll with an accuracy of 80 per cent by scanning their comments. the researchers then divided users into those most likely to be banned , called future-banned users -lrb- fbus -rrb- , and other users dubbed never-banned users -lrb- nbus -rrb-.
nick clegg is to embark on three days of door knocking in his sheffield constituency after a shock poll showed he is on course to lose his seat at the general election. the deputy prime minister is trailing labour by 2 per cent in his formally rock-solid lib dem constituency , sheffield hallam. mr clegg won his seat in 2010 by a huge margin -- scooping up more than 50 per cent of the vote. today he insisted : ` we are going to win sheffield hallam. ' lib dem leader nick clegg is trailing labour by two points in his formally rock-solid lib dem constituency in sheffield , a poll revealed this morning.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- a year after its cannes debut and finally seeing a theatrical release , `` lost river '' is still causing quite a stir. booed at its premiere and mocked by reviewers , ryan gosling 's first feature as director has been divisive , to put it mildly. wavering on the brink of annihilation , yet providing kindling for its own rebirth , the city is captured in all its waning splendor , the perfect backdrop for gosling 's post-industrial gothic. speaking about the film in london , gosling made clear that the city was at the heart of the project -- in fact , without detroit 's crumbling edifices there would be no film at all.
manchester city will not compromise on quality in their search for homegrown players this summer. the proof that city have belief in english players was evident in monday night 's fa youth cup final where four of their starting line-up against chelsea were born in manchester. manuel pellegrini looked on with interest at city 's academy stadium. yet , while those fledglings carry much promise for the future , the fallen premier league champions have a more immediate problem : they need eight homegrown players for their first-team squad next season to meet guidelines set out by the premier league and are in danger of losing at least four.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- madonna has a thing for making out with fellow performers on stage. first it was britney and christina , and now rapper drake has been on the receiving end of a little lip action from madge. while the blondes had fun with it , drake appeared less than enthused after madonna 's prolonged smooch onstage at the coachella music festival in california on sunday. '' after the kiss , though , he seemed dazed. it all went down after drake performed `` madonna , '' a song named for the megastar off his new mixtape `` if you 're reading this it 's too late , '' according to billboard.
eric jackson took a bullet in the forearm during the deadliest mass shooting on a u.s. military base , and returned to fort hood five years later with other survivors on friday to receive purple heart medals. some smiled over an honor they felt was overdue , but also clenched their teeth over needs in their scarred and injured lives they say the army has denied. but it 's kind of hard not to be bitter , ' said jackson , a former staff sergeant. an honor : teena nemelka , right , mother of private first class aaron nemelka who was killed during the attack by major nidal hasan in the 2009 fort hood shooting , looks down at her son 's purple heart.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- the indonesian government has ordered preparations for the execution of 10 inmates on death row , including filipino maid mary jane veloso and australians andrew chan and myuran sukumaran. jakarta has advised consular officials to travel to indonesia 's `` execution island '' -- nusa kambangan -- where the ten are being held , though a spokesman for the attorney general , tony spontana , told cnn friday this is not the required 72-hour notice given to death row convicts before the actual execution. '' the 10 inmates , from australia , france , ghana , the philippines , brazil , nigeria and indonesia , had their petitions for clemency denied by president joko widodo in late 2014.
if charlie austin played for a big club he would be in the england team by now. if we think a squad should contain four strikers , who should roy hodgson drop to make way ? wayne rooney , the captain , poised to overtake sir bobby charlton as the greatest goal-scorer in england 's history ? danny welbeck , the top scorer across this european championship qualifying round , with six goals in five games ? harry kane , english football 's leading goalscorer -- or daniel sturridge , the man whose partnership with luis suarez almost propelled liverpool to the title last season ? charlie austin is yet to receive an international call-up despite scoring 17 premier league goals for qpr.
hundreds of foreigners have been evacuated from yemen after weeks of fierce fighting in the war-torn country. china 's navy rescued 225 foreign nationals and almost 600 chinese citizens from the danger zone in an unprecedented move by its military. scroll down for video. evacuees : people wait to step down the chinese linyi missile frigate when they arrive in djibouti. rescue mission : soldiers of chinese people 's liberation army see off a fleet before it sets out for aden , yemen. people prepare to board the chinese linyi missile frigate in aden harbor , yemen , -lrb- left -rrb- and crew members help a woman board -lrb- right -rrb-.
underlining a change across the nation , nearly 90per cent of u.s. adults now say they have health insurance , according to an extensive survey released monday. researchers behind the gallup-healthways well-being index say the number of uninsured americans is now at a record low. when tracking began in 2008 roughly 14per cent of citizens were uninsured , peaking at 18per cent in the third quarter of 2013. whether the new findings turn out to be a high-water mark for president barack obama 's health care law , or a milestone on the path toward his goal of getting virtually all u.s. residents covered , remains to be seen.
sir alex ferguson , the quiet years. as this most honoured of sporting knights puts it himself : ` i do n't have obsessions now. ' there 's certainly nothing that comes close to football for the famous fergie , who has instead chosen to spend his retirement devoting himself to any number of causes ; at last count , he was associated with a good dozen charities or foundations. sir alex ferguson watches on from the stands during manchester united 's clash with chelsea on april 18. ferguson , in glasgow on thursday to make a # 5,000 donation to the remember mary barbour fund , actually physically writing out a cheque towards a permanent memorial , revealed that his life has n't so much slowed down as merely changed gear since he stepped down as manchester united manager in the summer of 2013.
climbing trees and spending hours playing outside used to be part of every childhood. but today 's youngsters are more likely to be stuck indoors -- and it may be harming their eyesight. for a lack of natural daylight is thought to be driving up rates of short-sightedness among the young. spending an extra 40 minutes a day in the sunshine has been shown to improve children 's sight dramatically. in china , where four teenagers in five are short-sighted , transparent classrooms are being tested in a bid to increase pupils ' exposure to natural light. chinese scientists have reported a 23 per cent reduction in myopia -- short-sightedness -- in children who spend an extra 40 minutes a day in the sunshine.
arrest : timothy rogalski allegedly repeatedly called sandy hook elementary school on tuesday. a man has been arrested for repeatedly calling sandy hook elementary school and accusing staff members of staging the 2012 school massacre. timothy rogalski , from wallingford , connecticut , called the school on tuesday morning and left four messages on its office answerphone. in the calls , the 30-year-old accused staff of being behind the december 14 , 2012 shooting that left 20 children and six female educators dead , according to police in monroe. he also said the boston marathon bombings in april 2014 were fake , police said.
another trophy slipped through brendan rodgers ' grip when they lost to aston villa in the fa cup semi-final at wembley on sunday. after spending more than # 200million since taking charge at liverpool in june 2012 , there is only so long the owners and fans will keep patient in their desire for dividends. brendan rodgers gives instructions to steven gerrard during liverpool 's defeat against aston villa. rodgers is set for his third season without a trophy after liverpool were dumped out of the fa cup. twitching times can develop when the top clubs go through barren spells - and rodgers ' is beginning to enter such a period.
wojciech szczesny will start in the fa cup semi-final but the future looks bleak for the poland goalkeeper who has been deposed as arsenal 's no 1. arsene wenger confirmed szczesny will play ahead of david ospina against reading at wembley on saturday but offered no further guarantees. ` at the moment , i hope yes , ' said wenger , after a long , uncharacteristic hesitation , when asked if szczesny had a long-term future at the club. wojciech szczesny will start in goal for arsenal for the their fa cup clash with reading at wembley. your job is to fight for your place , no matter how difficult it is.
cracking the code : lanarkshire police has urged anyone who has seen these symbols on their properties to call them. so far the code has only been spotted in east kilbride , lanarkshire , where ` x ' marks were daubed on several garden sheds. lanarkshire police tweeted : ` breaking the housebreaker 's code. these signs have been seen in east kilbride , please retweet & report all sightings. while police are keen for anyone who sees suspicious markings to report them , they were also keen yesterday to stress that the message was for crime prevention guidance and not to spark fear or alarm.
but his gripes were soon drowned out by the whoops of delight from our two young boys as they bounced on the beds ... ` bunk beds ! in a tent ! ' - their tiny heads about to explode in excitement. jake and seb ready for their cave adventure. it 's not advertised as ` glamping ' but with big duvets and brass beds , eurocamp 's safari tents are more luxurious than an average stay under canvas. we visited l'ardéchoise site in the stunning ardèche region in south central france at the end of august. about an hour-and-half 's drive from the beaches of the south and montpellier airport , it 's known as the gastronomic centre of france.
all over the field manchester united were superior. a season that seemed to be heading nowhere when arsenal defeated them in the fa cup last month will perhaps now be remembered for a return to european football and also for this , a victory over their neighbours that was even more complete , more absolute , than the scoreline suggests. united used to do this to city all the time. but not since 2009-10 when united beat city twice in the barclays premier league and edged a league cup semi-final have they brutalised them like this. old trafford roars with marouane fellaini after the influential belgian gave the red devils an advantage they never looked like relinquishing.
his face has appeared in sandwiches , on tree stumps and even a dog 's ear. now , on the eve of easter , a shop assistant has spotted the image of jesus christ in a hot cross bun. mother-of-two lindsey norman noticed the uncanny resemblance in a six pack of # 1 buns she had purchased from her local sainsbury 's in peterborough , cambridgeshire. scroll down for video. ` it made me giggle to myself because it 's coming up to easter. she has since eaten all the buns in the packet. the shop assistant said it made me ` giggle ' when she saw the uncanny resemblance with easter coming up.
they are the homes provided to give those less fortunate members of our society a roof over their heads. but with the cost of maintenance and repairs to damaged public housing nearing $ 13 million a year in nsw alone , the state government has had enough and is planning to make tenants pay a bond before they move in. ` the critical argument for it is that at the moment the maintenance costs , including damage from poor tenancy , are in the order of approximately $ 12-13 million per year , ' mr hazzard told daily mail australia. a picture from the nsw department of family and community services shows damage to public housing.
a brother and sister were left severely disabled after maternity staff at the hospital where they were both born , two years apart , made the same mistakes. paula mckay was told her daughter natasha had suffered brain damage and would be left disabled after errors were made by medics at the former sharoe green hospital in preston. when she became pregnant with her second child , less than two years later , she was reassured the same mistakes would not be repeated. when patrick was delivered at the same hospital , the same errors were made , leaving her son brain damaged and severely disabled like his older sister.
txiki begiristain was on the 10.30 am lufthansa flight out of manchester for munich on tuesday morning. it 's the week of the champions league quarter-finals , therefore the manchester city director of football would have expected to be on the move. city succumbed meekly to barcelona last month leaving him to plan his schedule only as a voyeur. the thought of begiristain and his favourite coach , pep guardiola , in the same stadium as bayern munich attempt to turn over a 3-1 first leg deficit to porto certainly provides some appropriate imagery. guardiola is the man begiristain would like to install at city in the summer of 2016.
vin los , 24 , gained notoriety last year for his tattoo-covered visage and his dreams of becoming the most famous man in the world ; despite facing heavy criticism about his unique ink , vin insisted that the sharpie-like tattoos on his face , neck , chest , and arms 'em body pop culture ' , create ' a myth , a mystery ' and would one day help him to achieve his goal of global fame. and while many may have doubted his chances of succeeding , it seems his unique look has actually started to pay off , as the montreal-based model has landed a campaign for underwear brand garçon model.
david cameron 's desperate attempts to appear cool have failed to impress his children. the prime minister has revealed eldest daughter nancy has taken to likening her father to phil dunphy , the embarrassing dad from us hit sitcom modern family. david cameron has revealed eldest daughter nancy has taken to likening her father to phil dunphy -lrb- right -rrb- , the embarrassing dad from us hit sitcom modern family. now in its sixth series , modern family is one of the biggest sitcoms to come out of american since friends. dunphy , played by ty burrell , is one of the stand-out characters in the american show.
des moines , iowa -lrb- cnn -rrb- martin o'malley told reporters in iowa on friday that inevitability -- a term bandied about regarding democratic presidential frontrunner hillary clinton -- is not unbreakable. '' clinton was considered inevitable to win the nomination in 2008 but ended up losing to barack obama. o'malley had previously dropped the inevitability comment in a television interview last month. the former governor , who capped off his two-day trip to the first-in-the-nation caucus state with a speech to the polk county democrats in des moines , said that although clinton is an `` eminently qualified candidate , '' the democratic party is full of `` good leaders.
the woman who was tragically killed when her car washed away in flood waters in maitland has been identified as an elderly great-grandmother who was popping out for milk. the body of anne jarmain , 86 , was found at 7pm on wednesday ; 10 hours after her car was pulled off the road and underwater as she tried to crossed cessnock road , which in the nsw hunter region. scroll down for video. police battled wild flood water as they searched for ms jarmain 's vehicle at the scene of the tragic accident. anne jarmain 's car was washed off the road when she tried to overtake a stalled car over flood waters.
confessing himself as a ` chief witness ' of football it 's no surprise , then , that when asked to pick a favourite he is able to pluck one game in particular from his encyclopaedic memory. ` liverpool 4 , newcastle 3. ' stan collymore -lrb- third left -rrb- smashes home liverpool 's fourth past newcastle goalkeeper pavel srnicek. he is of course referring to the seven goal thriller at anfield on april , 1996 , which saw the two premier league hopefuls slug it out in order to close the gap between themselves and leaders manchester united. ` everybody remembers newcastle going for -lsb- the league title -rsb- but liverpool were in the mix as well ; and maybe they looked too much at each other because neither of them won it in the end.
the queen 's staff will take industrial action for the first time in history over their ` ridiculously low ' wages. wardens at windsor castle say they are expected to carry out extra duties , including giving guided tours to visitors , for no extra money. union chiefs claim workers earn as little as # 14,700 despite working the ` country 's richest family '. wardens at windsor castle -lrb- pictured here collecting flowers laid by well-wishers following the death of the queen mother -rrb- have voted for industrial action in a dispute over pay. now , staff have voted ` overwhelmingly ' in favour of industrial action after complaining they have suffered ` years of pay restraint '.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- it 's no surprise which image is making the headlines from this week 's gathering of leaders from nearly three dozen nations in panama : a historic handshake between president barack obama and cuban president raul castro. but this first meeting of obama and castro since they announced plans to start normalizing diplomatic ties should not be the end of the summit story. after all , the president has had some unhappy experiences at hemispheric summits , where the headlines have often focused on some less than flattering moments. the reality is that the united states has been losing ground in this increasingly important region , and obama needs to put on a strong performance in panama at the summit of the americas if the u.s. is to have a chance of improving ties with neighbors who should be best friends , but who have drifted away as america has been focused on challenges at home and instability in the middle east.
these are the last known movements of a murdered university student whose body was found in the boot of a burning car. firefighters made the grim discovery of janet muller 's body in ifield , near crawley , west sussex on march 13. police have now released video stills and footage of the 21-year-old university of brighton student in portslade on the night before her death. scroll down for video. janet muller was seen walking in a subway in portslade , east sussex , at 10.30 pm on march 12. the bright student 's family described her as an ` inspirational , passionate and caring person ' and said her death had left a ` deep hole ' in their hearts.
juventus and liverpool are continuing to monitor developments with chelsea midfielder oscar. the brazil international has been criticised by jose mourinho in recent weeks and there are question marks over his future. chelsea want to strengthen in the summer and may need a high profile departure to help balance the books. juventus and liverpool are interested in signing chelsea 23-year-old midfielder oscar. oscar in action during chelsea 's 1-0 premier league victory against queens park rangers last weekend. oscar cost chelsea # 19.35 m and they would want a substantial profit on the 23 year-old. juventus want a playmaker for next season and brazil boss carlos dunga advised them to buy oscar.
new york -lrb- cnn -rrb- a new york police department detective apologized friday for an angry exchange with an uber driver that was caught on video and landed him on modified assignment. i sincerely apologize , '' patrick cherry told wnbc 's jonathan dienst. cherry , an nypd detective assigned to the fbi 's joint terrorism task force with top-secret security clearance , faces suspension , reassignment or loss of his clearance after the video of the altercation went viral. '' the altercation began monday when the uber driver gestured to a detective in an unmarked car to use his blinker after he was allegedly attempting to park without using it , according to sanjay seth , a passenger in the car who uploaded the video to youtube.
an architect who arranged to meet a woman on a blind date raped her several hours later while telling her ` girls say no but they do n't really mean it , ' a court has heard. adam leheup , 34 , allegedly insisted on having sex with the 25-year-old woman despite her shouting : ` no , no. adam leheup met with his alleged victim after making contact with her through the ` let 's date app ' they arranged to meet under the clock on waterloo station before crossing the bridge over to the embankment where they went to gordon 's wine bar.
for most workers , being told they 're getting a raise at work is a cause for celebration , but not for these builders in china. that 's because they 're constructing a mountain road thousands of feet above the ground in pingjiang county , hunan province. on the edge : workers in china have been pictured building a walkway for tourists while perched thousands of feet up a mountain side in pingjiang county , hunan province. tipping point : here , the builders are left standing on nothing more than rusty-looking scaffolding poles as they hammer them into the rock to extend the road further round the cliff.
ronnie o'sullivan took off his shoes mid-match at the crucible on tuesday -- but still socked it to debutant craig steadman. the rocket raced into a 7-2 lead in his first match at this year 's betfred world championship in sheffield. but five-time champion o'sullivan , 39 , could now face a fine after breaching snooker 's strict dress code against the 32-year-old from manchester. o'sullivan played a frame of his encounter against fellow englishman craig steadman in his socks. o'sullivan leans across the table as he lines up a shot during the first round of the world championship. but he played the sixth frame in his socks after removing some new shoes , complaining about a painful big toe.
hillary rodham clinton took aim at republicans on monday for latching on to a new book that details sweetheart deals she allegedly made between foreign governments and the u.s. state department in exchange for speaking fees and donations to her family foundation. ` it is , i think , worth noting that the republicans seem to be talking only about me , ' she told reporters in the liberal new hampshire bastion of keene. ' clinton dismissed the swirling questions as little more than political attacks from republicans eager to gain an early advantage in the 2016 presidential contest. and campaigning for the democratic presidential nomination , she pushed back hard.
michael buckley , 60 , from forest hill , south east london , died after being hit by a shopping trolley as he bought festive groceries at marks & spencer. a shopper caused the death of a frail widower by ` deliberately ramming ' him with her trolley , a court heard yesterday. when she could not get past 60-year-old michael buckley she exchanged heated words with him before knocking him over with her trolley , it was alleged. mr buckley -- who suffered from diabetes and weighed only 8st -- fell to the floor in the m&s aisle and broke his thighbone and wrist.
the array of glittering precious stones on display at the event in geneva on may 13 is blinding. it includes a pink diamond worth # 8million , a sapphire worth # 2.7 million and a pair of diamond earrings with # 670,000. a christie 's employee wears the maria christina royal devant-de-corsage brooch , which is expected to fetch # 1 to # 1.33 million. the auction will showcase 351 historically significant and antique jewels spanning from the 18th to the 20th centuries. the most important piece is the maria christina royal devant-de-corsage brooch , which was presented as a wedding gift from king alfonso xii of spain to his wife , the archduchess maria christina of austria in november 1879.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- it was right after one of the longest lockouts in nba history. jeff green , then playing for the boston celtics , was looking forward to getting back to the hardwood. `` i was shocked , '' said the memphis grizzlies small forward. `` i had no symptoms of fatigue , shortness of breath. i could n't get stressed out , it was tough. '' as green learned how doctors would open up his chest to repair his heart , he considered the possibility he may never play basketball again. so , he headed back to his college roots at georgetown university , finished his degree and became the first person in his family to graduate from college.
exactly one week after being taken into police custody in baltimore , freddie gray died sunday under circumstances that are unclear. an attorney for gray 's family alleges that police are involved in a cover-up. `` on last sunday morning at about 8 a.m. , the police chased freddie gray , a ... healthy man , without any evidence he had committed a crime. his take-down and arrest without probable cause occurred under a police video camera , which taped everything including the police dragging and throwing freddy into a police vehicle while he screamed in pain , '' attorney william murphy jr. said in a statement.
cathryn parker has lived under at least 74 aliases in los angeles , mainly those of hollywood production workers. but after 15 blissful years skipping over legal hurdles , it all came to a grinding halt when she was stopped for a traffic violation. police started to investigate parker after realizing she gave the traffic officers a false name. tracking down her house , they found she was leasing under another false name. the case quickly unraveled into one of the biggest cases of identity theft the state has ever seen. master con ? cathryn parker , 72 , has been living as 74 different people , mainly hollywood production staffers.
at 6-foot-5 and 289lb jj watt is a terror on the football field - recording more than 20 sacks and forcing four fumbles for the houston texans with his explosive speed and power last season. now the nfl defensive end flaunting his incredible athletic process off the field. the standing box jump - a popular crossfit workout move - is billed as a personal best. jj watt performed an incredible 61-inch box standing box jump. an impressive feat for a man who weighs nearly 300 pounds. the houston texans defensive tackle released the video as part of his announcement that he has signed an endorsement deal with reebok.
the pfa premier league team of the year was unveiled on sunday night at a glitzy ceremony at the grosvenor house hotel in london. the side , which is voted for by players from across the 20 clubs in england 's top flight , featured six chelsea players , with eden hazard , winner of the individual prize , making the side for the third straight season. sergio aguero nets his 21st strike of the season against aston villa. he has scored one more than harry kane. cesc fabregas , in action against his former club arsenal on sunday , and aguero are in the ea sports team.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- he was known as the american mouthpiece of al qaeda , speaking against his native country on behalf of a terrorist organization that 's devoted blood and resources to attacking it. the white house announced thursday that adam gadahn , 36 , was killed in january in a u.s. government counterterrorism operation. neither he nor ahmed farouq -- another u.s. citizen and al qaeda operative who died in what the white house said was `` likely a separate '' operation -- was specifically targeted , according to the statement. warren weinstein , a u.s. citizen who was abducted by al qaeda in pakistan in 2011 , died along with another hostage , italian giovanni lo porto , in the attack that killed farouq , according to the white house.
this gives a whole new meaning to the phrase ` bouncing baby '. angelina santini from san diego , california , filmed her nine-month-old son marcus getting carried away in his bouncer one day. he then stops to look at the camera before starting his bouncing stunt again. adding to the performance , he trills his lips at the same time. four years on , videos show that the youngster has swapped his passion for bouncing with playing the guitar. with so much energy though , it 's likely he 'll be strumming some some rock n ' roll beats instead of classical sounds.
jacques burger encapsulates all the values rugby union 's marketing people love to espouse. at saracens , who take on racing metro in paris on sunday in the european champions cup quarter-final , the flanker is loved by his team-mates every bit as much as he is loathed by opponents who fear the reckless abandon with which he is prepared to play the game. with a face left battered and bruised by years of punishment , burger is the man you want on your team. you go out there and do your job then you step off and pick up your kids and you are soft again.
cctv pictures show a man police want to speak to after a ` peeping tom ' incident at a swimming pool. these pictures show a ` peeping tom ' who is believed to have been spying on young women changing in cubicles at a swimming pool. at around 12.45 pm yesterday , a 19-year-old woman was changing in a cubicle in aqua vale swimming pool in aylesbury , buckinghamshire , when she noticed a man looking under the bottom of the cubicle. captured on cctv cameras placed in the changing areas near the pool , the latest pictures are thought to be connected to a similar incident that took place at the same pool.
the average british worker will sit through 6,239 meetings in their career , a survey has found. and with 60 per cent saying they find most meetings ` pretty pointless ' , it 's not surprising that one in five adults admits to catching forty winks during a work meeting. of the 2000 surveyed by headset manufacturer sennheiser communications , 70 per cent said they constantly zone out while in meetings , with the average worker switching off completely after 20 minutes. the average british worker will sit through 6,239 meetings in their career , a survey has found -lrb- file picture -rrb-.
nearly one in four teenagers are ` almost constantly ' online as their lives are swallowed up ever more by their mobile phones , a study has revealed. nine in teenagers also confessed to going online every day as they were unable to resist the lure of facebook and instagram. in danger ? the study also looked at social media and found that middle class teenagers were more likely to use snapchat , the controversial message service where messages disappears seconds after they are sent. parents now find it increasingly difficult to monitor their children 's online behaviour as more than 70 per cent of teens use now more than one social network.
yaphank , in the 1930s , appeared as a haven for americans -- most of them of german heritage -- who sympathized with the causes of the third reich. scroll down for video. nazi camp : yaphank , long island was once home to a camp for nazis where like-minded individuals could drink beer and learn about eugenics. camp siegfried was founded by the american nazi group , the german american bund. the group set up pro-nazi camps where they could put on military demonstrations , teach their children about fascism and enjoy the outdoors. that camp was founded in 1935 by friends of new germany , writes dangerousminds.net.
long before mobile phones came along - allowing single men and women to flirt behind the comfort of a glowing screen - shy love-seekers had to resort to other tactics. in the case of late 19th-century america , it was the ` escort card ' - not to be confused with the explicit sort you might imagine today - but rather a comical printed card men would hand to women they found attractive. long before mobile phones came along - allowing single men and women to flirt behind the comfort of a glowing screen - shy love-seekers of the late 19th century had to resort to other tactics -lrb- pictured -rrb-.
a 1,200lb-man forced to move from his financially-troubled nursing home was hoisted from the building by a crane and driven to his new residence on a flatbed truck. robert butler , 43 , was transported inside a shipping container from bannister house in providence , rhode island to the eleanor slater hospital in cranston. the operation took almost seven hours on sunday and involved the providence and cranston fire departments , lifespan , the hospital association of rhode island and bay crane northeast. scroll down for video. robert butler was transported inside a shipping container from bannister house in providence , rhode island to the eleanor slater hospital in cranston on sunday after his nursing home shut down amid financial difficulties.
this dog is lost in deep concentration. kristina patrick from alaska filmed her german shepherd pakak performing a very skillful trick. video footage shows the pup lying on her back with a tennis ball neatly clutched between her front paws. keeping her eyes fixed on the toy , she then proceeds to lift it into the air being careful not to drop it. after freezing still for several seconds , pakak lowers the ball slowly down. pakak 's owner says she loves playing with balls. other videos reveal the pup also has a passion for swimming and being by the sea.
the former bbc economics editor made headlines last week after it emerged she had been ` secretly ' dating ed miliband. former bbc economics editor stephanie flanders yesterday broke her silence over her fling with ed miliband , describing it as ` fleeting and very costly '. she made headlines last week after it emerged she had been ` secretly ' dating the labour leader when he first met his wife justine in 2004. it was unclear whether miss flanders was voicing regret over her relationship with mr miliband , or was embarrassed by the media coverage -- or both. miss flanders , 46 , accused the media of ` raking over ' mr miliband 's past in the run-up to the election.
ann price , the creator of the world famous ghetto burger , has passed away. she was 72. com , price was the owner of ann 's snack bar in atlanta. back in 2007 , the wall street journal named her signature ` ghetto burger , ' a double cheeseburger with bacon , grilled onions , ketchup , mustard and chili , the best in america. ann price , the popular figure behind the ` ghetto burger , ' dubbed best burger in america by the wall street journal , has died at the age of 72. the ` ghetto burger ' is a double cheeseburger with bacon , grilled onions , ketchup , mustard and chili.
lunch. work. suede courts , # 195 , lkbennett.com. com. ray-ban sunglasses , # 135 , amazon.co.uk .
but a police poster advising women to stick together on a night out provoked anger yesterday , as campaigners claimed it suggested victims were responsible for sex attacks. sussex police was accused of ` victim-blaming ' in its campaign , which urges women not to leave their friends alone or let them wander off with strangers. women 's rights groups said rapists were to blame for sex attacks , not their victims. anti-rape campaigners have criticised the message in this sussex police poster arguing it implies that victims are to blame for getting raped. but the poster won praise from supporters who said it was ` blindingly obvious ' that it was not blaming women , and that it simply offered ` sensible advice '.
but sunday 's party marking the 150th anniversary of the end of the american civil war took about 5,000 miles -lrb- 8,000 kilometers -rrb- south of the south , in a rural brazilian town colonized by families fleeing reconstruction. for many of the residents of santa barbara d'oeste and neighboring americana in brazil 's southeastern sao paulo state , having confederate ancestry is a point of pride that 's celebrated in high style at the annual ` festa dos confederados , ' or ` confederates party ' in portuguese. proud heritage : descendants of american southerners wearing confederate-era uniforms pose for pictures as they attend a party to celebrate the 150th anniversary of the end of the american civil war in santa barbara d'oeste , brazil on sunday.
celta vigo forward nolito has declared that lionel messi should hit the spanish coast on sunday instead of risking his foot injury during their la liga clash. the barcelona forward has been training following a minor problem , and is set to recover in time for the trip to celta , but 28-year-old nolito has urged the argentine to stay away. ' i guess he 'll come , but he can spend the day at the beach as far as i 'm concerned , ' nolito told marca. ' lionel messi should be fit to face celta vigo for barcelona after recovering from a foot injury.
the mortgage market has reached a ` watershed ' moment with the launch of the first five-year fixed rate below 2 per cent. the battle between lenders has intensified in recent months , plunging home loan rates to their lowest in history. but the mortgage wars will erupt again next week after hsbc announced a 1.99 per cent interest rate on a five-year fix. new low : the mortgage market has reached a ` watershed ' moment with the launch of the first five-year fixed rate below 2 per cent. the offer from one of the country 's biggest mortgage lenders -- hsbc is consistently in the top five -- launches on monday and is expected to trigger a flood of rate cuts by other banks and building societies.
there are dozens of safety rules when it comes to jet skiing. but all of those appeared to have sunk to the bottom of the ocean at a beach in cancun , mexico , as a new nail-biting video proves. alejandro bouvier of uruguay filmed the moment another rider got scarily close to his watercraft one sunny day. footage shows him zipping towards the driver before he swings around and drives directly in his path. luckily the two jet skiers avoid a dangerous collision thanks to some swift steering skills. commenting on the incident , bouvier later told grind tv : ` actually , i was more concerned about the cost of the jet skis than our injuries , but after watching the video and thinking about it , i believe it could -lsb- have resulted -rsb- in really bad injuries , if not death.
the number of women in britain becoming nuns is at a 25-year high. figures from the catholic church show the number of women taking holy vows has trebled from 15 in 2009 to 45 last year. theodora hawksley , 29 , was until recently a post-doctoral researcher in theology at the university of edinburgh. figures from the catholic church show the number of women becoming nuns in britain has trebled from 15 in 2009 to 45 last year. from a low of seven in 2004 , the figure has been rising for the past decade -lrb- file image -rrb-. she joined the congregation of jesus in january and is now living in their house in willesden , north london , while taking the first steps towards making vows of poverty , chastity and obedience.
ahead of this weekend 's premier league action , sportsmail will be providing you with all you need to know about every fixture , with team news , provisional squads , betting odds and opta stats. here is all the information you need for sunderland 's home clash with newcastle ... sunderland vs newcastle united -lrb- stadium of light -rrb-. sunderland. sunderland midfielder lee cattermole will return to the starting line-up for sunday 's derby clash with newcastle. head coach dick advocaat has confirmed that cattermole will be back against the magpies after serving a two-match ban for reaching 10 bookings for the season.
police say they have no objections to the late afternoon kick-off for sunday 's manchester derby at old trafford. with plenty at stake for both united and city -- both sides are challenging for a top-four spot in the premier league -- some may feel that the 4pm start could be unwise as it allows supporters more time in the pub. police say they have no objections to sunday 's manchester derby taking place in the late afternoon. chief superintendent john o'hare says the kick-off was agreed by all parties and revealed that the decision is down to good behaviour from supporters of each side.
hillary clinton lost the 2008 democratic presidential nomination because barack obama was the picture of cool. the former secretary of state 's campaign-in-waiting has reportedly signed a lease for two floors of office space in brooklyn , new york -- the epicenter of hipster culture. brooklyn has transformed itself in recent years from manhattan 's ugly little brother into the big apple borough where everyone wants to live. and the brooklyn heights neighborhood is among the most hipster-friendly of them all. scroll down for video. very hip : hillary 's hq will be in the cooler-than-thou enclave of brooklyn , new york.
castleford 's blockbusting australian winger justin carney will be sidelined for up to two months after being told he needs to undergo elbow surgery. the news could have been worse for carney , who dislocated his elbow in the tigers ' 25-4 win over hull kr last saturday but did not suffer a break as first feared. castleford winger justin carney is set to be out for up to months after being told he needs elbow surgery. ` justin needs an operation and will be out for six to eight weeks , ' said castleford coach daryl powell. ' winger james clare is expected to take carney 's place against widnes on sunday after recovering from a knee injury that has kept him out of the last two matches .
liverpool just edged past blackburn rovers in their fa cup sixth round replay to make it to a 24th cup semi-final in the anfield club 's illustrious history. philippe coutinho eventually broke the deadlock after 161 goalless minutes across the two games but blackburn came close to levelling matters when goalkeeper simon eastwood was denied in stoppage time. sportsmail 's oliver todd rated the player 's performances at ewood park. blackburn rovers : -lrb- 4-4-2 -rrb-. could do nothing to stop philippe coutinho 's winner but did well to deny brazilian in the first half and even had a pop at goal himself with a brilliant turn in stoppage time.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- ten years ago , a prosecutor in centre county , pennsylvania , took a day off work and vanished. investigators have taken dives to the bottom of lakes , dug up a grave , chased more than 300 reported sightings from arizona to north carolina , dropped fliers over slovenia , consulted a psychic , interviewed a member of the hell 's angels and enlisted nasa technology. but no one has been able to find the veteran district attorney , who was 59 when he disappeared. when he went missing that friday morning on april 15 , 2005 , he left behind a live-in girlfriend , a beautiful and successful daughter and a bank account that was supposed to fund a fast-approaching retirement.
arsenal moved nine points clear of their top four rivals liverpool on saturday afternoon with a 4-1 win at home in the premier league. goals from hector bellerin , mesut ozil and alexis sanchez put the gunners 3-0 ahead , before jordan henderson pulled one back from the penalty spot for the visitors. olivier giroud completed the scoreline with a sumptuous strike in injury time. here , sportsmail 's matt barlow casts his eye over the two teams ' performances at the emirates. arsenal -lrb- 4-2-3-1 -rrb-. david ospina - 6.5. made a flying save to thwart can in the second-half and almost saved jordan henderson 's penalty.
could these be the boots of a disembodied samurai soldier , lingering mysteriously behind this little girl ? a spooky dark visage that appears behind the child in this photograph has sparked online rumours of a ghost. this photograph was captured in kanagawa prefecture , japan - ` nearby some samurai tombs ' , apparently - late last year. the reddit user who posted it online - a friend of the photographer - insisted it was ` not photoshopped ' and that paranormal forces could be at work. scroll down for video. a trick of the light or paranormal forces at play ? there is chatter online about what the cause of this apparent black boot apparition is.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- i will always remember when things turned. i was 12 years old , and my younger sister and i were with our parents attending a peaceful demonstration in downtown miami near the courthouse. we were there to protest the acquittal of four police officers in the beating death of unarmed motorcyclist arthur mcduffie. community leaders were gathered at the front , speaking to a crowd that was in shock and full of anger and despair. the trial had been covered extensively , and nobody could believe that the fatal beating -- with the extent of the physical wounds to mcduffie 's head and body -- could be justified or excused.
the boy , 14-year-old jack cordero , from portland , oregon , vomited all over the floor of a powell 's bookstore in the city in march. the manager said the mess was ` gigantic ' and had to clean it up , along with her assistant manager. good manners : jack cordero , from portland , wrote this sincere apology to staff at a bookstore after being sick. however , her spirits were raised when she received a handwritten apology about the vomit from the boy responsible , along with a gift card for ice cream. the letter , which arrived at powell 's on april 1 and was marked ` attention barf cleaners ' , read : ` this ben and jerry 's card is for the people who cleaned up the throw-up of a kid on friday 28.
scotland youth international jack cosgrove has agreed to join edinburgh next season. the 20-year-old worcester warriors prop , capped nine times for the dark blues under 20s side , has penned a two-year deal with alan solomons ' side which ties him to the murrayfield outfit until may 2017. with the club being in a european cup final , they 're really showing they 've got quality players and everyone is speaking very highly of edinburgh. scotland youth international jack cosgrove has agreed to join edinburgh next season on a two-year deal. the 20-year-old worcester warriors prop has been capped nine times for the dark blues under 20s side.
one group received a mildly pleasurable experience at the end of the procedure ; the other group , which experienced the same type of colonoscopy , did not. the psychology of it is simple to understand : happy endings matter. even an unpleasant experience can lead to happy memories in hindsight if it ends well. so too with taxes. let 's just say that when it comes to taxes for the average american , `` stuff '' happens -lrb- keeping the colonoscopy metaphor running -rrb- , paycheck to tax-reduced paycheck. but recent statistics suggest that 8 out of 10 american taxpayers get a refund when they file their taxes , and the average amount is close to $ 3000.
parents craig and bonnie morgan want their children to have the best possible start in life. and like many others , they have come to believe that a private education is the best way to achieve it. but so desperate are they to get their son craig -- known to them as cj -- into a local prep school that they 've put their house on the market in order to pay the fees. they 've also slashed their weekly grocery bills by more than half , taken in lodgers , and have pinned their hopes on a ` crowd-funding ' initiative , hoping members of the public will help them achieve their dream.
these days you can ditch hotels and stay in a real house just about anywhere in the world - find the one that best suits you with our guide. the concept of a homestay holiday is that rather than renting an empty house or apartment , you stay at a reasonable cost in the home of your hosts. web-based company homestay.com lists options for single people , couples and families in cities , established holiday areas or farther afield. we can all find the dordogne or lake garda on a map but this gets you closer to the real region faster and cheaper.
known as an earworm or brainworm , the effect has been studied before - but its cause , and how to get rid of it , is poorly understood. now researchers say they have an answer ; chewing gum after hearing a catchy song will help you think about it less often. reading scientists say chewing gum helps you forget a song. and they were a third less likely to ` hear ' it when chewing gum. the results suggests same technique could stop other intrusive thoughts. the study was carried out by scientists at the university of reading. in the research 98 volunteers were played the ` catchy tunes ' play hard by david guetta and payphone by maroon 5.
caroline wozniacki never doubted she would grace the courts of tennis ' grand slam tournaments even when she was a giggling schoolgirl just coming through the ranks. even as a 10/11 year old i was looking forward to roland garros #confidence #believe #impossibleisnothing '. in the clip , the young dane is seen thanking a succession of people for the ` good week ' she had at the youth tournament held on clay before signing off with a slightly embarrassed : ` see you at roland garros '. former no 1 caroline wozniacki picks out what she will be wearing at this year 's french open.
but now thanks to an illustrator and designer from tenby , west wales , colouring in is the latest stress-busting hobby for adults. millie marotta , 36 , is giving colouring books an adult twist with her sellout volume animal kingdom , filled with intricate and designs of animals filled with stylised flower shapes , patterns and shapes. scroll down for video. embellished elephant : millie marotta 's colouring book features an array of intricate designs , including this elephant. millie marotta , 36 , took eight months to complete the illustration in animal kingdom. the beautiful black and white book is made up of detailed line illustrations of animals , plants and birds and encourages users to ` add your own touches with colours or line drawing.
it 's legal just one day a year , and this anzac day australians took advantage of the opportunity to play the century-old tradition of two-up in pubs and clubs all around the country. on saturday , as aussies commemorated the centenary of the landing at gallipoli , thousands of men and women took their chances with the coin game in the spirit of the diggers. after participating in dawn services and memorial services to remember the sacrifice and bravery of those who landed at gallipoli in 1915 , and to honour all other active and returned servicemen and women , the crowds wandered down to their local rsl or pub to take part in the game of chance.
by the time he reached 17 , there was no room for geoff johnson at home. his mother started compulsively hoarding when he was a young boy , refusing to trash anything ; unable to fix anything. geoff , 37 , had visited his mother but only stood outside before picking her up to spend time elsewhere. jennifer , also 37 , returned just twice , on the advice of her counselor , to confront the deeply-embedded shame she felt. but when their mother passed away following a 12-year battle with breast cancer in 2013 , the house was handed to them.
as silver confetti rained down , the chelsea players took their turn to lift the uefa youth league trophy towards the cloudless swiss sky. each was cheered to the echo by their team-mates and the crowd. their 3-2 victory over shakhtar donetsk in nyon meant another piece of silverware for the ever-expanding cabinet at chelsea 's academy. they are the defending under 21 premier league champions and the holders of the fa youth cup , which they will put on the line against manchester city next week in their fifth final in six seasons. two goal hero izzy brown holds aloft the trophy as chelsea win the uefa youth team league.
the kidnapper who claims to have masterminded the gone girl kidnapping of denise huskins in california says he will turn himself in , but only if his co-conspirators are given immunity. ' this came just one day after the group demanded an apology from the police for calling the entire incident a hoax. huskins , 29 , was allegedly snatched from her home by kidnappers who tied her boyfriend up on march 23 , then released one day later 400 miles away beside her parents ' home. after her ` release ' police accused them of staging the kidnapping -- a claim they both strongly denied.
the viva las vegas rockabilly weekend - now in its 18th year - is a flashback to classic cars , vintage pinups , tiki drinks , tattoos and a fashion aesthetic that balances high heels with just as high hair. around 20,000 fans of the era gathered over the weekend for musical performances and car show off the strip at the orleans hotel and casino. scroll down for video. dressed to impress : in this april 5 photo women wait in line before taking part in a bathing suit contest at the viva las vegas rockabilly weekend in las vegas - many of the attendees of the weekend wear vintage clothes.
when aston villa 's animated manager threw his gilet to the ground in celebration at the sight of christian benteke 's first half equaliser , he probably rather hoped his players were man enough to remain in the barclays premier league after all. indeed when he then saw benteke convert the second of his three goals after 33 minutes , he may have felt his damning critique on monday had provoked exactly the response he was looking for. but the grit , desire and determination his forwards had demonstrated was lacking at the opposite end of the field and a qpr side every bit as desperate to maintain their top flight status did a fine job of exposing exactly the weaknesses sherwood had highlighted.
phillip schofield was left speechless today after a guest with tourette 's syndrome blurted out ` silver fox ' at him mid-interview. ellie grant , 22 , was appearing on itv 's this morning to discuss how she suddenly developed the condition - and how she had found love with fiance jordan - who is deaf. but in the middle of the pre-recorded interview , miss grant suddenly suffered a verbal tic - and blurted out ` silver fox ' at phillip , 53. viewers reacted with amusement at the moment , which one person hailed ` the greatest tourette 's tv moment of all time '.
as if playing in front of thousands of fans was n't nerve-wracking enough , one footballer decided to risk public humiliation by proposing to his girlfriend on the pitch after a russian premier league match. fc rostov defender ivan novoseltsev popped the question after his side 's 1-0 win against torpedo moscow on monday night , getting down on one knee at the olimp-2 stadium to ask katerina keyru to marry him. video scroll down to watch ivan novoseltsev propose to his girlfriend on the pitch. fc rostov defender ivan novoseltsev gets down on one knee to propose to girlfriend katerina keyru.
but send information into a black hole , and it 's lost forever -- or at least that 's what many physicists have been arguing for nearly half a decade. now , one scientist says this may not be true , and that interactions between particles emitted by a black hole can reveal information about what lies within. for nearly 40 years , physicists have argued that black holes suck in information and then evaporate without leaving behind any clues as to what they once contained. ` according to our work , information is n't lost once it enters a black hole , ' says dejan stojkovic , an associate professor of physics at the university at buffalo.
courtney lawes arrived in france with the saints , ahead of the champions cup quarter-final against mighty clermont auvergne , carrying notoriety as excess baggage. his brutal tackle on france fly-half jules plisson at twickenham last month , in the six nations finale , angered the visitors to the extent that they tried to have him banned. while the match officials and citing officer deemed that no action was needed , the england lock has been derided as a thug across the channel and there were cries of protest in these parts , too. england lock courtney lawes made a trademark hit on france fly-half jules plisson.
in england alone , there are more than 670,000 unpaid carers helping someone with dementia. here , in the final week of our major good health series on dementia , we turn our attention to the carers and what can be done to make life easier for them and their loved ones ... scroll down for video. the early stages of the disease bring changes that may be so subtle that some friends and acquaintances are unaware that there is anything wrong - and this stage can continue for many years. but as the disease progresses and more damage is done to the brain , symptoms become more pronounced : difficulties with communication become more intense and issues such as getting dressed or managing day-to-day affairs become more problematic.
it was the maths problem designed for 14-year-olds that baffled people around the world. for those who did not manage to work out the cryptic clues that were designed to lead them towards the fictional cheryl 's birthday , then the answer was july 16. the question , ` so when is cheryl 's birthday ? ' was one of 25 questions set in the singapore and asian schools math olympiad. at first , it appears impossible to answer without more information but pictured is the method used to work it out. the question , ` so when is cheryl 's birthday ? ' was one of 25 questions set in the singapore and asian schools math olympiad.
this video captures the stomach-churning moment a physics teacher swings an axe into his co-worker 's genitals - in a disastrously misjudged class experiment. the teacher then orders the class to give him a count as he hoists the axe up over his head and swings it directly into the unlucky fellow-teacher 's crotch - causing him to squirm violently on the floor. facing the axe : the well-built teacher tells his class about the effect the axe will have on the cinder block before hoisting the implement into the air and swinging it straight on to the helpless teenager 's groin.
kelly ripa has been grief stricken following the sad news that her friend , cosmetic surgeon dr fredric brandt , was found dead by suicide at his miami mansion on sunday. so it 's understandable that 44-year-old tv star was looking morose as she left her new york city apartment on tuesday. the live with kelly & michael co-host , who is usually seen smiling , wore a frown as she left the building alone. i will miss him every day of my life. ' sad day : kelly ripa looked to be in mourning on tuesday as she left her nyc apartment ; on sunday it was announced her surgeon friend dr fredric brandt had died.
a native american woman has accused facebook of being discriminatory after she was prevented from continuing to use her unusual name on the social media platform. brenna happy cloud of salem , oregon , found herself locked out of her facebook account last week. brenna happy cloud of salem , oregon , has accused facebook of discrimination after she was prevented from continuing to use her unusual name and was locked out of her account. with no access to her contacts , photos and messages , happy cloud admits it was a difficult time as she typically posts five or six times a day and has a large network of more than one thousand online friends.
at 65 , she could easily pass for ten years younger. scroll down for video. sarah 's face was transformed after the exercises. facial exercises have been around as long as youth has been considered the hallmark of beauty , with some claiming cleopatra was the first celebrity fan. the first official guide , however , was published in paris in 1710 , outlining the beauty routine of ninon de l'enclose , a courtesan famed for her lasting beauty. nearly two centuries later , sanford bennett - a notoriously wrinkle-free san franciscan 70-year-old - released his book , exercising in bed , which gave away his facial secrets.
hillary clinton imposed a blanket of secrecy on her movements at the height of the monica lewinsky scandal and told aides they would be fired if she was seen , it is claimed. mrs clinton said that she wanted nobody to know when she was going to the pool apart from one usher who was to guide her there. a new book has claimed that hillary clinton imposed a blanket of secrecy on her movements during the monica lewinsky scandal. the vivid account is written by kate andersen brower , a former white house correspondent for bloomberg news in ` the residence : inside the private world of the white house.
it has long been considered that a lie-flat bed is the only way to get a good night 's sleep on a plane. but boeing has issued a patent for a bizarre ` upright ' sleeping support system that could mean economy passengers can sleep on long-haul flights too. boeing has just filed a patent for a ` transport vehicle upright sleep support system ' known as a ` cuddle chair ' it looks like a backpack and fastens to the back of the headrest to allow passengers to lean forward and rest their face and chest on the contraption. according to the patent for the ` transport vehicle upright sleep support system , ' and illustrative animated video from website patentyogi , the head cushion will have a ` face relief aperture , ' which is essentially a face-front pillow with a hole for breathing.
what on earth makes us think the french do off-beat restaurants with rooms better than us ? they do n't. we are paying # 100 for two people , dinner , bed and breakfast. dinner alone would usually be about # 60 ; breakfast at least a tenner each. seafood dining : mersea oysters are available year-round - as are colchester natives , when in season. connected : the hotel is a two-minute walk from mistley station which has services to london liverpool street. i had never heard of mistley , but what a fascinating spot , with a grand twin-towered church -lrb- designed by robert adam -rrb- that originally was meant to be a spa , gorgeous terraces of georgian houses , industrial buildings near the quay that have not yet been dolled up , a post office.
when ali maffucci got a deal to write a cooking and healthy lifestyle book , she quit her corporate job and began working from home. but desperate to loser weight for the book 's photo shoot , she decided to try adopt a novel way to lose weight. miss maffucci made one simple change to her diet that helped her drop over 11 kg -lrb- 24 lbs -rrb- in just three months. for every meal , she substituted spiralized vegetables for bread , pasta , rice and potatoes.here , she tells the healthista website how she went from a size 14/16 to a size 8/10 so rapidly ... scroll down for video.
it 's no secret that almost all dogs love water , but very few are making waves like these two border collies. one-year-old anna and six-year-old indi have been thrilling crowds at surfing competitions for dogs after taking to the sport like a duck to water. with the help of their owner , zane jones , the four-legged surfers use their low centre of gravity to keep them stable while hanging ten off the coast of queensland , australia. anna and indi , owned by 32-year-old zane jones , have been surfing since they were about 10 weeks old. ' zane and his partner , caitlin ollier , 26 , have owned the dogs , who both began surfing when they were just 10 weeks old , since they were puppies.
ronny deila agrees with gary teale 's claim that st mirren have one of the best pitches in the scottish premiership - but believes that is an indictment rather than a boast. the hoops boss criticised the playing surface at st mirren park following the hoops ' 2-0 scottish premiership win on friday night and said that artificial pitches would be an improvement at most of the grounds his team are asked to visit. tommy , our groundsman , wins ` pitch of the year ' year after year and that 's a great acknowledgement for him and a great accolade for him.
a senior indonesian government official has praised the firing squad that executed bali nine pair andrew chan and myuran sukumaran. abc news reports that indonesian attorney-general h.m. prasetyo applauded chan and sukumaran 's executioners for their work. scroll down for video. indonesian attorney-general h.m. prasetyo -lrb- right -rrb- applauded chan and sukumaran 's executioners for the good job that they did. the indonesian attorney-general believed that wednesday morning 's execution was much better than one carried out in january. mr prasetyo declared it was necessary to fight drug crime in the country , as he dismissed australia 's withdrawal of its ambassador as a ` momentary reaction '.
aden , yemen -lrb- cnn -rrb- it did n't look like much , but we 'd been told it was typical of the kind of craft ferrying the route between djibouti and aden. morning came and we were still only halfway there. after our second sunset , we were finally close enough for my phone to ping with a yemeni welcome message. however , we could n't risk arriving at night ; even getting too close to shore would risk being mistaken for a re-supply vessel and potentially taking a saudi hit. the captain slowed the boat to a crawl so the remaining miles would stretch until daybreak.
britain 's leading pensions and savings expert will today be announced as a new conservative peer , who will appointed as minister for consumer protection if the party wins the election. dr ros altmann , a former treasury adviser who went on to head over-50s group saga , would take responsibility for protecting people from rip-off pension and mortgage charges. dr ros altmann , pictured with david cameron at melbicks , a wyevale garden centre in birmingham , will today be announced as a new conservative peer. dr altmann will oversee the government 's pension reforms , which have allowed people to cash in retirement funds rather than being forced into buying often poor-value annuities.
there has been a lot of hype surrounding the april lunar eclipse as the moon is set to turn blood red this easter weekend. but in the lead up to the rare event tomorrow , the sydney observatory has been expressing their concerns over the bad weather forecast for the big night. so much so , they 're plans to regularly update keen spectators with phase process images have been thwarted due to cloudy conditions. a blood red moon lights up the sky during a total lunar eclipse at on october 8 , 2014 in australia. the next two eclipses are forecast to happen are on april 4 and september 28 , 2015.
actress jemima kirke has revealed details about her experience with abortion , admitting that she was forced to use up every penny of her savings in order to pay for the procedure. the 29-year-old actress made the admission in a newly-released psa for the center of reproductive rights , an organization which aims to advance reproductive freedom , in the hopes that her story will help to encourage women to be more open and honest about the taboo topic. so i decided to get an abortion , and i went to planned parenthood. ' scroll down for video. abortion advocate : girls actress jemima kirke , 29 , spoke out about her abortion in a new psa for the center for reproductive rights.
they are the easy-to-drink cocktails that come in pretty colours and sweet flavours. these drinks often contain high amounts of alcohol and drinking too many of them can leave your head spinning ... or worse. scroll down for video. colourful cocktails are deceptively easy to drink but can sometimes contain vast quantities of alcohol. the zombie is a fruity cocktail made from three different types of rum , lime juice , falernum , angostura bitters , pernod , grenadine , cinnamon syrup and grapefruit juice. made with high-proof alcohol and hardly any mixers , these ten cocktails are sure to floor even the hardiest of drinker.
tragic : john suchet -lrb- right -rrb- is in mourning after losing his wife bonnie following her decade-long battle with dementia. their relationship , he once said , was ` made in heaven '. yesterday john suchet was in mourning after losing his wife bonnie following her decade-long battle with dementia. a death notice in a national newspaper read : ` bonnie died peacefully on april 15 2015 aged 73. ' the broadcaster declined to comment , stating it was a ` private family matter ' , but fans took to social networking site twitter to offer their condolences. classic fm presenter suchet , now 71 , has spoken openly about his wife 's diagnosis and the toll it took on their relationship , writing a book and becoming honorary president of the dementia uk charity.
with her sophisticated sense of style and age-defying good looks , dame helen mirren has never looked better. but the oscar-winning actress , who has won countless accolades for her talents , believes she was in her prime age-wise in the ` unfortunate ' 1970s , which , she says , was a ` horrible ' time for women. ' scroll down for video. dame helen mirren , pictured last week at the premiere of her new film said she was in her prime age-wise in the ` unfortunate ' 1970s , which , she says , was a ` horrible ' time for women.
dion dublin made his presenting debut on monday morning as the former footballer co-hosted bbc television show homes under the hammer. the former aston villa frontman joined regular hosts martin roberts and lucy alexander for the popular property renovation series as he looked to help a brother and sister-in-law put some life into a three bedroom semi-detached house in dartford. dion dublin made his home under the hammer debut as a co-host on monday morning. the former footballer seemed to be in his element as he discusses property renovation. homes under the hammer airs weekdays on bbc1 at 10am. hosts lucy , martin and dion follow house buyers from the auction room , through the troublesome process of renovating the houses they have bought.
atletico madrid and real madrid could n't be separated in the first leg of their champions league quarter-final showdown on tuesday. the two giants from the spanish capital played out a goalless draw , meaning all is left to play for in the second leg at the santiago bernabeu. here , sportsmail rates the players in the first leg of the champions league quarter-final at the vicente calderon. atletico madrid. jan oblak 9 - blocked everything in the first half as a wind-assisted real madrid looked like putting the tie beyond doubt in the first 45 minutes. atletico madrid goalkeeper jan oblak made a big save to deny gareth bale in the early minutes.
the oldest active pilot is a 95-year-old man living in cameron park , california. guinness world records has confirmed peter weber jr. 's feat , the sacramento bee reported. ' pilot : the oldest active pilot is a 95-year-old peter weber jr. , it 's been revealed -lrb- march 2015 photo -rrb-. active : weber has said he flies ` at least twice a month. ' he also still has his driver 's license -lrb- march 2015 file photo -rrb-. the record was confirmed after weber proved he piloted a plane march 30 in placerville by mailing in multiple pieces of evidence , according to the sacramento bee.
obock , djibouti -lrb- cnn -rrb- amina ali qassim is sitting with her youngest grandchild on her lap , wiping away tears with her headscarf. only a few months old , this is the baby girl whose ears she desperately tried to cover the night the aerial bombardment started. she lay awake , she says , in a village mosque on the yemeni island of birim , counting explosions as the baby cried. `` our neighbor shouted to my husband ` you have to leave , they 're coming. bab al-mandab is one of the busiest waterways in the world , a thoroughfare for oil tankers and cargo ships.
a mother of three has been jailed for a year after conning a d-day veteran out of nearly # 10,000 and leaving him too traumatised to leave his home. beverley davis was supposed to be helping to care for 89-year-old former royal marine ray warren but tricked him into handing over his bank cards to steal # 9,164 over 42 transactions. beverley davis , pictured , pleaded guilty of duping a royal marine war veteran out of almost # 10,000. the 35-year-old mother-of-three used ray warren 's bank cards to buy chinese takeaways , pay for creche fees and even clear some of her mortgage arrears after she gained his trust while working as a carer in his home.
-lrb- the hollywood reporter -rrb- roseanne barr has revealed that she is slowly going blind. '' the comedic actress said smoking marijuana is `` good medicine '' for relieving the pressure in her eyes. tribeca 2015 : 9 must-see films. barr also defended her use of pot , saying , `` it 's expansive. '' roger ailes : why fox news will never hire jon stewart. doctors have not given barr a definitive timeline on when she can expect to lose all visibility. the actress attended the tribeca film festival in support of her documentary `` roseanne for president ! '' directed by eric weinrib , the film follows barr in her unsuccessful attempt to become the green party 's 2012 presidential nominee.
the 19-year-old model took inspiration from the keeping up with the kardashians star when it came to learning how to deal with negative feedback , particularly on social media. ' scroll down for video. gigi hadid has credited her best friend kendall jenner , right , for helping her deal with social media haters. and it 's not only kendall , 19 , who gigi has taken social media tips from as she believes former victoria 's secret model karlie kloss is comfortable with her social media persona. ' while kendall jenner is taking the fashion world by the storm , she has her fair share of haters.
a bitter family feud has erupted between. national front leader marine le pen and her father jean-marie after she accused him of committing ` political suicide. ' ms le pen has blocked her father 's return to the party following accusations that he was trying to sabotage her party 's efforts to move into the. tensions had escalated last week after the 86-year-old founder of the far-right party defended his previous comments describing nazi gas chambers as a ` detail of history '. scroll down for video. marine le pen -lrb- left -rrb- has accused her father -lrb- right -rrb- of trying to sabotage her party 's efforts to move into the political mainstream with a raft of controversial comments.
a nine-year-old girl was attacked by a lion that was being walked like a dog by circus entertainers who had brought their show to a quiet siberian village. the girl is in hospital after she was savaged by the animal in namtsy , in the sakha republic in siberia - one of the coldest regions in the world. photographs show the lion being walked around by a worker for a circus that had been visiting the village. a lion that appeared to be being walked like a dog around the siberian village of namtsy attacked a child. in another she is shown walking the animal and appears to be attempting to drag it across a wet and icy road using a makeshift leash.
but while the scene looks idyllic , it is tinged with sadness , as joel wilkinson has a muscle wasting disease meaning he will eventually be left in a wheelchair and his life will be cut short. the three-year-old , from hull , was diagnosed with duchenne muscular dystrophy just six months ago after his parents , emma , 33 , and chris , 36 , noticed he was struggling to develop and learn to walk. they were left devastated when tests confirmed their son had the incurable condition and that is likely only to live to the age of 20.
the florida man who piloted. week said he fully expected to be intercepted. before landing on the west lawn of the us capitol. douglas mark hughes , 61 , created a security scare when he violated national airspace and has prompted a full-scale security review in washington. described his flight upon arriving home in ruskin , florida ,. scroll down for video. doug hughes , 61 , spoke from his home in ruskin , florida , afre he arrived for house arrest before his court date. he steered his one-person gyrocopter onto the west lawn of the us capitol on wednesday , april 15 , 2015.
the family of an illinois man slain during a botched robbery say they fear for their lives after the killer escaped from jail earlier week after beating a guard unconscious and stealing his uniform and suv. as the manhunt continues , nelson williams sr. of kankakee , says he is worried that 23-year-old kamron taylor , the man convicted of his son nelson jr 's murder , might attack him. in a courthouse outburst in february , taylor threatened the family minutes after hearing the guilty verdict. ' scroll down for video. in fear for his life : nelson williams sr -lrb- left -rrb- , the father of a murder victim , says he is scared his son 's convicted killer , kamron t. taylor -lrb- right -rrb- will go after him after his daring prison break.
floyd mayweather vs manny pacquiao tickets are the hottest property in town. only 500 were on general sale with the rest distributed by the fighters , promoters , television networks showtime and hbo and the mgm grand. then it looked like it was going to be announced during half-time of the super bowl. then we thought it was going to be announced during the nba all-star game. ade adebayo -lrb- second right -rrb- and friends at gatwick before jetting off to las vegas. ade and his friends booked their trip to las vegas back in december in anticipation for the big fight.
a 51-year-old mother fought off an intruder after finding him standing over her young daughter. fiona , 51 , said she knew the assailant had ` picked the wrong lady ' as she became overwhelmed with maternal instincts and pushed him from her perth home on thursday night. scroll down for video. 51-year-old fiona fought off an intruder after finding him standing over her young daughter on thursday night. she said seeing her child in danger gave her a boost of courage. she said when she saw the man , standing with his hand raised over her daughter 's head , she pushed him , forcing him down the hall way.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- as the great kate wait of 2015 drags on , giving a whole new meaning to kate 's somewhat unfair noughties nickname , `` waity katie , '' bets on the arrival of a new baby a girl continue to be placed at a feverish rate. based on the so called `` kate effect '' and subsequent `` george effect , '' the great british high street is no doubt salivating at the prospect of record sales should hrh princess -lrb- fill in the blank -rrb- of cambridge be spotted in one of their outfits. as one headline blared this week , `` baby girl could be worth $ 1.5 billion to the country.
here katie rowe explores just some of them. east lancashire railway 's award-winning 1940s weekend is a highlight in many a vintage enthusiast 's calendar. pull on your glad rags and be transported back to wartime britain over the late may bank holiday weekend. east lancashire railway 's award-winning 1940s weekend is a highlight in many a vintage enthusiast 's calendar , and this year 's event is expected to be the best yet with more activities than ever. wander on the isle of wight. there 's no better way to discover the isle of wight 's many beauty spots than walking -- and the island 's walking festival offers the ideal chance to pull on your boots and go exploring.
but for the residents of kawasaki , who lug erotic shapes of all different sizes , this odd tradition is not a joke. shinto kanamara matsuri started as a small tradition but has grown into a popular a tourist attraction , with participants praying to a god of fertility , child birth and protection from sexually transmitted infections. participants carry a gigantic phallus through the streets of kawasaki , japan during the shinto kanamara matsuri festival. the sight of three large phalluses being paraded through neighbourhoods in the city south of tokyo draws giggles from tourists. shinto kanamara matsuri , the festival of the steel phallus , started as a small tradition but has grown into a popular a tourist attraction.
tony mccoy gave a bumper crowd what they were hoping for as he steered jezki to a thumping victory in the grade one aintree hurdle. having been out of luck with his opening three rides -- the closest he got was third place in the betfred bowl on holywell -- mccoy broke his duck on the jessica harrington-trained gelding. ap mccoy claimed victory in the aintree hurdles as he rode jezki -lrb- right -rrb- to victory after ruby walsh , riding arctic fire -lrb- left , downed -rrb- , fell at the final hurdle at this year 's grand national festival on thursday afternoon.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- anthony ray hinton is thankful to be free after nearly 30 years on alabama 's death row for murders he says he did n't commit. hinton , 58 , looked up , took in the sunshine and thanked god and his lawyers friday morning outside the county jail in birmingham , minutes after taking his first steps as a free man since 1985. he spoke of unjustly losing three decades of his life , under fear of execution , for something he did n't do. `` all they had to do was to test the gun , but when you think you 're high and mighty and you 're above the law , you do n't have to answer to nobody , '' hinton told reporters.
nurses forced to work 12-hour shifts amid staff shortages are treated like ` slave labour ' , a union has claimed. with a growing demand for nurses to work long hours , unison has called for more research into the effects of workers ' health. at the union 's healthcare conference in liverpool this week , one member highlighted how staff at a hospital in staffordshire are expected to work six long days a week , totalling up to 78 hours a week. ' nurses working 12-hour shifts amid staffing shortages in the nhs are treated like ` slave labour ' , one unison member has warned , as she called for more research into how longer working hours affect staff health.
a wife has told how she has put her husband on a lifelong sex ban and tracks his every move , after discovering he had cheated on her after taking a lie detector test. despite his infidelity , haley and kev mulholland still share a house in bristol , though mr mulholland has to sleep on the living room sofa. haley mulholland became suspicious husband kevin was having an affair after reading his facebook page. mrs mulholland monitors her husband 's movements , checks his phone and even sniffs him to see if she can smell another woman 's perfume. ' i might not want kev , but i do n't want anyone else to have him either , ' said the 45 year old , who is mum to sophie , 27 , kerrie , 25 , kasey , 14 , brittany , 13 , paige ten , tyler , nine , madison , eight and five-year-old alexius.
across the globe , more than 42 million children under the age of five are overweight or obese. and the rising tide of obesity extends into adulthood with 1.9 billion adults worldwide overweight , 600 million of which are classified as obese. should fast food and sugary drink companies be allowed to advertise their junk food to children ? should tv ads promoting unhealthy food and drink be banned until the watershed , or wiped out altogether to save adults ' waistlines too ? a recent survey by the british heart foundation showed two fifths of parents are badgered by their children each week to buy food after seeing it advertised on tv , prompting the charity to deliver a 30,000 strong petition asking the government to ban junk food adverts being shown before the 9pm watershed.
so when alfie the yorkshire terrier was dumped by thieves 120 miles from his home , he found a novel way to bring about a snappy rescue. reunited : alfie the yorkshire terrier -lrb- with owner kirsty mitton , right -rrb- - who travelled from wednesbury , west midlands , to buckinghamshire to pick him up after he was rescued the rspca inspector stephanie law -lrb- left -rrb-. safe now : the seven-year-old dog ran out of the woods in front of the inspector 's van and started barking. the near-miss , plus a lot of barking , made rspca inspector stephanie law pull over.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- this is a difficult but necessary thing to say : incidents of police-involved killings and assaults on unarmed african-americans are unlikely to end soon. that 's partly because police brutality is neither new nor reflective of a `` moment. this is a reality we must face if we are going to reverse course from what has become a national crisis. the peaceful protests that were followed by outbreaks of violence in baltimore this week have underscored the danger of ignoring the crisis -- as frustration and impatience with the status quo boils over. the violent response of police officers to unarmed african-americans is a decades-long phenomenon that has too often been dismissed as `` race card '' politics and black grievance.
he was once the most fearsome competitor in all of sport , infamous for his prickly nature towards rivals and single-minded pursuit of victory. but the tiger woods who has turned up to augusta national this year is different. earlier this week we were treated to the sight of woods embracing darren clarke on the practice ground. europe 's ryder cup captain is an old pal of tiger 's so that was unusual , but understandable. but dancing ? yes , tiger woods dancing. scroll down for video of tiger woods dancing while practising. tiger woods was spotted dancing while he practised on monday at augusta national.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- they took yarmouk by storm , a sea of masked men flooding into the streets of one the world 's most beleaguered places. besieged and bombed by syrian forces for more than two years , the desperate residents of this palestinian refugee camp near damascus awoke in early april to a new , even more terrifying reality -- isis militants seizing yarmouk after defeating several militia groups operating in the area. `` they slaughtered them in the streets , '' one yarmouk resident , who asked not to be named , told cnn. the islamic state is now in control of almost all the camp.
a wall street banker raped an irish student in a ` disgusting , violent attack ' because he was determined to have sex on his birthday , a court heard on wednesday. the assault ended when the girl kneed him in the groin and staggered out in such a ` hysterical ' state she was unable to talk. lee tried to downplay the incident and said it was ` no big deal ' and dismissively told the first police officer on the scene : ` we 're good , you can go ' , the court heard. lee walked hand in hand with his wife alicia into new york suffolk county court on wednesday.
either prices are inflated or you 're picking up problem players other clubs do n't want. big-money buys have struggled to impact , while loan signings , too , have not had the desired effect. here , sportsmail looks at five winter-window arrivals who have disappointed for their new employers ... juan cuardrado arrived at chelsea for # 23m from fiorentina but has failed to impress at stamford bridge. juan cuadrado -lrb- chelsea -rrb-. for a fee in the region of # 23m and arriving from fiorentina with a reputation bloated by his impressive performance for colombia at last summer 's world cup , cuadrado was expected to help fire chelsea towards the premier league and champions league crowns.
four-month-old baby evan summerfield , who died from meningitis , just hours after laughing for the very first time. a family have been left devastated after their four-month-old baby died from meningitis just 12 hours after laughing for the very first time. evan summerfield from devon had just learned how to giggle and take his dummy out by himself but just hours later he was fighting for his life. the youngster had woken from a nap with a rash stretching from his head to his belly-button. he was rushed to derriford hospital in plymouth but despite doctors and nurses battling to save him , evan was diagnosed with meningoccal septicaemia and died soon after.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- whether a patient is in the hospital for an organ transplant , an appendectomy or to have a baby , one complaint is common : the gown. `` you 're at the hospital because something 's wrong with you -- you 're vulnerable -- then you get to wear the most vulnerable garment ever invented to make the whole experience that much worse , '' said ted streuli , who lives in edmond , okla. , and has had to wear hospital gowns on multiple occasions. they are demeaning. they are disempowering , '' said camilla mcrory of olney , md..
an ohio woman has spoken out in a reddit q&a about why she and her catholic husband made the painful decision to have a legal abortion at 23 weeks. when the couple learned that their unborn daughter had a chromosomal defect ` incompatible with life outside the womb ' , they decided that terminating the pregnancy was the best course of action. ' i am pro-choice because i am pro-life , ' the woman , who has chosen to remain anonymous , said. ' sad decision : after an amniocentesis , the ohio woman found out that her unborn daughter found out that her daughter would n't survive outside the womb , and she chose to get an abortion.
a married couple who thought they would never be able to have children are celebrating after welcoming triplets - born three years apart thanks to ivf. denise and glen higgs , from braunton , devon , had all but lost hope that they would ever be able to conceive after glen was made infertile due to cancer treatment. but using his frozen sperm , doctors successfully created eight embryos through ivf fertility treatment and the couple had a daughter mazy , born three years ago. the couple tried again using the same batch and denise gave birth to twins carter and carson last week.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- tuesday is equal pay day , the fictitious holiday marked by progressive women 's groups as the point in the year women would have to work to make up for `` lost '' wages as a result of the so-called wage gap. clinton 's election will no doubt center on women voters , and the democratic women 's agenda centers on pay equity and fairness in the workplace. here 's the thing : that 77-cent wage gap statistic is grossly overstated. it 's a comparison of averages -- comparing full-time working women with full-time working men -- that does n't control for any of the important factors that go into determining one 's salary such as education , profession , title , time spent in the workforce and time spent in the office each day , to name a few.
but , as their latest campaign proves , when you 're a victoria 's secret angel , it 's a far more glamorous affair. candice swanepoel , elsa hosk and jasmine tookes , three of the brand 's most celebrated postergirls , don see-through macs , glossy blow-dries and push-up bras in the lingerie giant 's new campaign. elsa hosk , candice swanepoel and jasmine tookes are the stars of victoria 's secret 's latest lingerie campaign to promote the brand 's dream angels range. candice leads the glamour by guiding her fellow supermodels through an energetic routine , all whilst showing off the brand 's new dream angels range of underwear.
and fans could have the chance to experience katniss ' life as soon as next year , with the attraction expected to open in october 2016. but those looking to wield their bows and act as tribute will have to travel to dubai for the chance to emulate the mockingjay. hopefully the dubai theme park will have safety measures in place for guests - unlike katniss ' experience in the arena in hunger games. the four million square foot motiongate dubai is set to attract over three million tourists annually , who will be immersed in a cinematic journey through their favourite movies via 27 different latest-in-technology rides and attractions.
miami -lrb- cnn -rrb- inside a plane at miami international airport , baggage handlers are going on a shopping spree with passengers ' bags. what they do n't know is that they are being recorded on a hidden camera. the miami-dade police department set up the camera as part of an ongoing police investigation into luggage thefts by the very airport workers who are supposed to get bags safely onto planes. email your story ideas and tips to cnntips@cnn.com. `` it 's a problem we all face , '' said police lt. pete estis. '' miami aviation director emilio t. gonzález said the insider theft cases `` are indeed the exception among the thousands of decent , hardworking employees at mia , and they have been prosecuted to the fullest extent of the law for their crimes.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- living under isis. and giving some lip -- like kylie jenner. these are the best videos of the week. in the west , isis is widely known for its terrorist actions. but for some communities , the group is the local governing authority , picking up garbage and directing traffic. cnn 's atika shubert explains how isis functions as a state. it 's an annual tradition : girl scouts sell cookies -- and , in the millions , we buy them. the use of marijuana has long been a source of controversy , but on movies and tv shows , it 's also long been a source of humor.
for a self-professed champion of women 's rights , espn sports reporter britt mchenry has a funny way of showing it. the 28-year-old has been suspended from the network for a week after being caught on camera telling a parking lot attendant she should ` lose some weight , baby girl ' , adding ` i 'm on television and you 're in a f -- ing trailer , honey '. but according to her blog , the former model is dedicated to helping women feel ` comfortable in their own skin '. women 's rights champion ? britt mchenry encourages her blog readers to ` be the woman with a voice , not the sex-ed up body without one '.
first blood to united after their under 18s saw off city 1-0 in the ` mini-derby '. for a start , no less than 13 out of the 22 players on show at kick-off were english. of those , 10 were mancunian. callum gribbin was the matchwinner for manchester united with a delightful free-kick. ticket prices ? entry was free and close to 1,000 gathered on the seats and terraces of moss lane for a match that kicked off at 3pm on saturday with half-and-half scarves nowhere to be seen. altrincham 's compact 6,000-capacity home may not be old trafford , but it does have a proud history of its own.
her mom moves on the dance floor have been well-documented over the years , thanks to her lets move ! program. but on thursday night , to celebrate the fifth anniversary of her fight against childhood obesity , michelle obama once again busted some moves , this time on the tonight show starring jimmy fallon. in a segment called the evolution of mom dancing part 2 , the pair partnered up once again to show off some self-made maneuvers to a cover of i like the way you move. lets disco : michelle obama strutted her stuff on the tonight show starring jimmy fallon on thursday night , in a follow-up routine to one they first did in 2013.
as the worst weather in five years continues to whip nsw , some savvy social media users have taken to snapchat to share their rainy day adventures. snapchat 's sydney story - a compilation of videos people in the area have posted in the last day - also shows the soaking conditions endured by the cronulla sharks and south sydney rabbitohs. scroll down for video. wild weather : social media users have taken to snapchat to share their rainy day adventures , like this man windsurfing on his skateboard. boogie boarding : as the beaches were closed this water enthusiast decided to get his kicks in floodwater.
the disgraced espn sports reporter has been suspended for a week since footage emerged showing her unleash a vicious verbal attack on a single mother-of-three at a towing firm. her car had been towed from the parking lot of a chinese restaurant in virginia , where she left it overnight on easter weekend. when she picked it up , infuriated , she resorted to insulting the employee 's looks , intelligence , and social status. but despite viewers ' calls for harsher punishment , the network has reinstated the 28-year-old to her role with a spot on sportscenter this weekend. ' scroll down for video.
a pit crew member was hit by a car on sunday during the inaugural indycar grand prix of louisiana. todd phillips , a front-outside tire changer for dayle coyne racing , was injuried when he was struck by the car of francesco dracone , who had come in on lap 25 for tires and fuel. tire changer todd phillips , a front-outside tire changer for dayle coyne racing , was injuried when he was struck by the car of francesco dracone , who had come in on lap 25 for tires and fuel. phillips was taken to the infield care center for treatment where he has received stitches for a cut on his leg and has been released.
but now a team of researchers has devised a new jogging buddy - a drone that flies with you to keep you company. and they claim robotic companions could be used for a variety of other physical activities such as cycling , cross-country skiing and rowing. scroll down for video. australian researchers have tested their drone running companion. called joggobot -lrb- shown -rrb- it is designed to float in front of jogger when they run. the technology could allow it to track the speed and direction of the runner. the research , by the royal melbourne institute of technology in australia , reported popular science , was presented at the computer-human interaction conference in seoul.
a merry widow from edinburgh who loves to party the night away dancing on tables admits her lifestyle is a far cry from her own grandparents. pat ingles , 69 , remembers her grandmother sitting by the fire knitting in a pinny and slippers. in comparison , the retired hairdresser , prefers to dress up in kinky outfits and go out drinking until the early hours. pat , 69 , pictured left in her police woman fancy dress outfit , enjoys pole dancing with friend julia , 67 , right. ' grandmother-of-three pat lost her husband 12 years ago to prostate cancer after dutifully caring for him during the last nine years of his life following his diagnosis.
time to change : business mogul jack welch has called for an end to the college hierarchy that has caused education to become cripplingly expensive. business mogul jack welch has called for an end to the college hierarchy that has caused higher education to become cripplingly expensive. he said : ` if you look at education today there are deans , there are associate deans , there are assistants to the associate deans. ` why should these lazy professors hang out getting fat on money while kids are going broke graduating ? ` it 's dumb , it 's stupid , and it has to be broken.
green party leader natalie bennett has been forced to distance herself from a bizarre online site run by her boyfriend. jim jepps used a blog called the daily maybe to defend ` rape fantasies ' , describe paedophiles as ` complex human beings ' and question why teachers who have relationships with pupils are put on the sex offenders register. scroll down for video. green party leader natalie bennett has distanced herself from the bizarre blog posts of her boyfriend jim jepps , insisting he is a ` private individual not involved in party politics ' ms bennett 's profile has soared in recent months , buoyed by rising poll ratings and green party membership in england passing 60,000 for the first time.
i see usain bolt on the circuit and he 's always good fun. ` this is for the 200m runners -- the 100m was a few days ago. you missed it. ' i told him i was doing the 200m. adam gemili says usain bolt is a joker on the circuit and gives him great advice. the young british athlete says he is nowhere near bolt 's standard at the moment but it could be his time soon. i always give a big smile before races because you never get bored of that feeling ; people cheering for you and making you feel like ` wow ' all this training you 've done in the winter and throwing up on the track , all the hard slog is worth it.
northampton will await expert opinion before deciding when george north will next play after confirming the wales wing will miss saturday 's european champions cup quarter-final at clermont auvergne after his latest head injury. north has been knocked unconscious three times in recent months , including in last friday 's 52-30 win over wasps , and was on wednesday being assessed by a neurologist. ` we wo n't play him at the weekend , ' saints director of rugby jim mallinder said. george north lies motionless on the franklin 's gardens turf after being knocked out against wasps. he did get knocked unconscious for a very short period of time.
realtors in indianapolis are looking to unload what 's likely the midwestern city 's gaudiest and most famous home -- a 26,000-square-foot castle built of ranch homes glued together by a former pimp turned construction king. for a meager $ 862,000 , its gargoyles , endless balconies and ornate fountains can be yours with which to carry on the eccentric torch of quirky indy celebrity jerry a. hostetler. now , as it sits largely unoccupied , it 's a cause for both concern and awe as neighbors wonder how something so immensely unique and bound to its creator can remain among the neighborhood 's modest ranchers and middle class homes.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- a high temperature of 63.5 degrees fahrenheit might sound like a pleasant day in early spring -- unless you 're in antarctica. the chilly continent recorded the temperature -lrb- 15.5 degrees celsius -rrb- on march 24 , possibly the highest ever recorded on antarctica , according to the weather underground. the temperature was recorded at argentina 's esperanza base on the northern tip of the antarctica peninsula , according to cnn affiliate wtnh. -lrb- note to map lovers : the argentine base is not geographically part of the south american continent. the world meteorological organization , a specialized united nations agency , is in the process of setting up an international ad-hoc committee of about 10 blue-ribbon climatologists and meteorologists to begin collecting relevant evidence , said randy cerveny , the agency 's lead rapporteur of weather and climate extremes and arizona state university professor of geographical sciences.
cate mcgregor was surprised when she was unconditionally backed by the cricket community and the australian army. but it was tony abbott 's response to her transformation from man to woman that knocked her for six. it took less than an hour for the federal liberal leader to call ms mcgregor after she forwarded the chapter of her book that outed her. ms mcgregor recalled that very moment - during her address to the national press club on wednesday - when the prime minister told her ` it was okay '. however the senior military official did not express the same kind of appraisal when it came to mr abbott 's stance on same-sex marriage , saying she is ` sad ' that he is not a supporter of it.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- it was a busy week for trending stories. after the new york area received a large amount of rain , four rainbows appeared to stretch across the early morning sky on tuesday. amanda curtis , ceo of a fashion company , snapped the lucky shot. in rural china , hiring exotic dancers to perform at wakes is an increasingly common practice. families will have to find a new way to cheer up mourners , because the strippers are the latest focus of the country 's crackdown on vice. rdj grew increasingly agitated as a channel 4 interviewer from the uk asked about his private life on tuesday.
the superstitious will know -- or perhaps those who have seen alfred hitchcock 's classic film the birds -- that a bird in the house is a bad omen and one that is said to equate to death. according to the video maker , who returns home with the other people in the clip to find the infestation , the birds came in through the chimney. the video maker stated that he initially thought the intruders were bats but now believes them to be sparrows. capturing them on camera as they fly around the room , the man remains very calm while narrating on the carnage before him -- birds crashing into the walls and flying overhead.
eden hazard has been the best player in the premier league all season and on saturday he demonstrated just how much he has grown as a player and how important he has been to chelsea 's imminent title victory. he is the man who has been eking out wins when the team has n't been at its best. he did it last week at queens park rangers , winning the ball from the goalkeeper 's kick and driving into the box to set up cesc fabregas , and he did it on saturday with his finish. you wondered when jose mourinho came in whether hazard would be the kind of player who would work hard enough for him.
internationally renowned design duo becky cooper and bridget yorston - aka bec and bridge - unveiled their highly anticipated new swimwear line on the catwalk at mercedes-benz fashion week australia on monday. following a preview lunch on sunday , attendees at the carriageworks in sydney were treated to a parade of models in skimpy bikinis and one-piece suits. scroll down for video. jungle fever : a model wears a leopard-print bikini with gladiator sandals at bec and bridge show at mercedes-benz fashion week australia. gold glamazons : the bec and bridge models debuted metallic swimwear and bronzed glows at ss16 showing.
what do you get when you cross a mango and a plum ? the answer is the latest tropical fruit to go on sale in the uk , nicknamed the ` plango '. marks & spencer is stocking the bouea macrophylla -- or mango plum -- after years of work with specialist growers in thailand. marks & spencer is stocking the bouea macrophylla -lrb- pictured -rrb- -- or mango plum -- after years of work with specialist growers in thailand. the fruit has a bright orange edible skin , which is firmer than a plum , and a sweet taste similar to an alphonso mango but with a softer texture.
the omens are looking good. mccoy , who will ride hot favourite shutthefrontdoor in the crabbie 's grand national on saturday , struck on day one in the doom bar aintree hurdle with jezki. if the trend continues , mccoy will be celebrating another victory in the biggest race of all. and if he wanted a further sign that the cards are falling in his favour , the last time he won the melling chase -- on alberta 's run in 2010 -- he followed up the next day in the grand national on do n't push it. ap mccoy celebrates after winning the melling chase race at aintree on friday.
more than 20 other states have such lists. but , the one included by the republican-dominated kansas legislature in a bill that gop gov. sam brownback planned to sign thursday appears to be the most exhaustive , according to state department for children and families officials. the taxpayer-funded temporary assistance for needy families program , currently provides cash payments of up to $ 497 per month for a family of four. to qualify that family must have an annual household income below $ 31,525 - before taxes - and assets valued at less than $ 2,000. cutting back : in this april 13 photo , kansas republican gov. sam brownback makes a point during an interview in his office in the statehouse in topeka , kansas.
a senior high school teacher from anshun city has been dubbed the ` luckiest wife in china ' after her soldier husband cooked her enough food to last for a year before he returned to service. the woman , named only as ms zhao , lives in a house bursting with frozen dishes and snacks. treasure chest : ms zhao has enough food to last for a year prepared by her husband. all-you-can-eat : he also made about 1,000 dumplings before returning to his regiment in tibet. ms shao said she is extremely busy with work and only has fresh meals when her husband is home.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- how would you get your nation 's president to hear you out ? put your name and number on a mango and hit him in the head with it ? no ? then you 're not marleni olivo , who did exactly that , and in return is getting the new apartment she was asking for , said venezuelan president nicolas maduro. maduro , a former bus driver , drove a bus to a rally wednesday where he was meeting with supporters. the president had the window open , the better to greet people attending the rally. in a video that has gone viral in venezuela , maduro is shown lowering his head when he is hit , just above the left ear.
for residents of celoron , n.y. , the statue of hometown icon lucile ball is no laughing matter and has n't been for the past six years. in 2009 the town unveiled a statue of ball with a face so unlike the beloved comedian that locals have reacted with shock and horror. the depiction is so unflattering a facebook page called ` we love lucy ! get rid of this statue ' has attracted more than 600 likes. scroll down for video. yahoo reports that the anonymous man behind the page says he 's a ` big fan of lucy 's.
vowing to cling on : liberal democrats leader nick clegg makes a speech during a general election campaign visit to sutton in south london yesterday. nick clegg yesterday vowed to cling on as liberal democrat leader even if the party is wiped out at the polls. friends of the deputy prime minister have previously indicated that he will quit as leader if the lib dems are reduced to fewer than 30 mps , while sources have also suggested he will go if the party is left out of power after the election. he told sky news : ` i 'm really optimistic about the prospects of liberal democrats.
a 21-year-old man has been charged with second-degree murder after allegedly shooting dead his fiancée at their minnesota home on easter morning while holding their baby daughter in his arms. dimitri harrell reportedly pulled out his gun and pointed it at 19-year-old samirria white after they started arguing over his ` infidelity ' in the bedroom of their st paul apartment at around 3.40 am. carrying the couple 's three-month-old child , he then shot miss white in the face at close range , according to police. now , harrell , who later admitted to having stored his handgun under his daughter 's mattress , has been charged with one count of second-degree murder at ramsey county district court.
onlookers have described the horrifying moment they saw a surfer being mauled by a ` monster ' great white shark on south australia 's west coast. the man has been identified by the adelaide advertiser as chris blowes. the 26-year-old is currently fighting for his life in hospital. mr blowes was surfing about 350 metres offshore near right point on the south-western side of fishery bay in port lincoln national park , when he was attacked at 9.45 am on saturday. shocked witnesses recall seeing what they believed was a six-metre great white shark swimming away with the surfer 's leg and a surfboard in its jaw.
a couple who were told their severely disabled baby may die within hours of being born are celebrating her first birthday. when sonia morales was pregnant , her daughter angela was diagnosed with anencephaly , a birth defect in which babies are born without parts of their brain and skull. ' a couple who were told their severely disabled baby may die within hours of being born are celebrating her first birthday. pictured : sonia and her husband rony , with elizabeth , four , and angela , now one. elizabeth with her little sister. angela has anencephaly , a birth defect in which babies are born without parts of their brain and skull - many newborns with the condition die soon after birth.
she was chained inside cleveland 's ` house of horrors ' for almost 10 years - the longest of the three women who were kidnapped , imprisoned and abused by ariel castro. but michelle knight , who appeared at the cleveland rape crisis center 's faces of change luncheon on wednesday , refuses to be considered a victim. ' scroll down for videos. no victim : michelle knight , seen here appearing at at the cleveland rape crisis center 's faces of change luncheon on wednesday , said her healing process has been ` to overcome and flourish and rise above ' standing ovation : knight received a rapturous applause as she came on stage to give a speech.
within ten minutes of tomorrow night 's episode , fans will see aidan turner 's dashing ross poldark gaze lovingly at his new baby daughter. scroll down for video. with the climax of the previous episode being the announcement of the pregnancy , it is quite a jump to the start of tomorrow 's instalment where demelza , played by eleanor tomlinson , talks about being eight months pregnant. just minutes after -- once again without any nod to the passing of time -- she is giving birth , with the last month of her pregnancy passing in less than the blink of an eye.
ethan czahor -lrb- pictured -rrb- has launched ` clear ' which removes any posts that might cause you problems with your current or future employer. a former aide to jeb bush who was fired for offensive tweets has developed an app that lets you scrub embarrassing messages from the social network. ethan czahor has launched ` clear ' which removes any posts that might cause you problems with your current or future employer. users can search for keywords such as ` gay ' , ` black ' or swear words and the program deletes any tweet that mentions them. in february , mr czahor was fired from his job as a chief technology officer for mr bush , the former florida governor and potential 2016 presidential candidate.
nothing will stop russia from hosting the best world cup in the tournament 's history in 2018 , fifa president sepp blatter said on a visit to one of the host venues sochi on monday. i am proud that russia is getting ready to host the world cup , ' blatter told the tass news agency from the southern russian city. ' a lot of this is happening thanks to president vladimir putin , but also due to the sports minister -lrb- vitaly -rrb- mutko and -lrb- alexei -rrb- sorokin -lrb- ceo of the local organising committee -rrb-. ' fifa boss sepp blatter -lrb- left -rrb- met russia president valdimir putin on a world cup visit on monday.
william shakespeare once wrote. try telling that to apparent cold-blooded manchester city stars yaya toure , sergio aguero , martin demichelis and eliaquim mangala , who chose to pull on their woolies for april 's blockbuster manchester derby in front of an unforgiving old trafford crowd ; unusually late for this time of year. admittedly temperatures in the north west on sunday afternoon were not exactly soaring - hitting between six and eight degrees celsius by the time of the 4pm kick off - but was it enough to wear gloves while competing as a top athlete for 90 minutes ? probably not.
everton 's steven pienaar has admitted he considered retirement as frustration took its toll during his injury-ravaged season. the influential 33-year-old midfielder pienaar has been dogged by groin and knee injuries this season limiting him to just 11 appearances. he returned to action from his latest setback in the 1-1 draw with swansea city earlier this month but muscle fatigue ruled him out of the win over burnley last weekend. everton midfielder steven pienaar is held back by swansea 's ki sung-yueng at the liberty stadium. ` when you are at home not coming in for training you feel very down but as soon as i walk through the door , there 's always the camaraderie in the group , there is always fun.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- if that was a tornado , it was one monster of one. with tornadoes touching down near dallas on sunday , ryan shepard snapped a photo of a black cloud formation reaching down to the ground. more like a mile , said jamie moore , head of emergency management in johnson county , texas. it could have been one the national weather service warned about in a tweet as severe thunderstorms drenched the area , causing street flooding. `` to repeat -- tornadoes -lrb- yes , two -rrb- likely w and e of rio vista. the one to the e of rio vista is a large , damaging tornado , '' the nws tweeted.
shannen hussein may just have one of the largest collections of pets in australia , not that she really considers them animals. the 21-year-old lives who on a 30-acre farm in rockbank , 34 kilometres north-west of melbourne , has spent her life hand-raising animals of all shapes and sizes. but her pets are often captured behaving like humans , from her lamb winter who loves to jump on the bed to her bearded dragon who can understand the english language. the young woman said she has always taken photos and recorded videos of her 150 pets , but since a clip of winter bouncing down her hallway went viral last year she 's sharing these moments with more people than she ever imagined.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- looting , fires and violence descended on baltimore. police , trying to save their city last weekend , were blamed both for doing too little and for doing too much. the protests started in response to the death of freddie gray in police hands. maybe the investigation should be going faster. but maybe rushing the investigation would compromise prosecution. -lrb- and forced testimony ca n't be used in prosecution ; police officers too have constitutional rights as criminal defendants. if there are criminally guilty cops , police have no problem with justice. but those who caused destruction on monday had little , if anything , to do with freddie gray protests.
triathlete charlotte roach , 26 , from london , who nearly died in a horror crash , gave up ordinary clothes for lent to raise money for the charity that saved her life. along with her business partner rosemary pringle , 28 , the pair vowed to sport only fancy dress costumes for 40 days to fundraise for london 's air ambulance. charlotte roach and her business partner rosemary pringle dressed up in different costumes for every day of lent to raise money for the air ambulance service which saved charlotte after she was involved in car accident in 2010. the two women rated buskers in london 's trafalgar square while dressed as simon cowell , rode the tube as baywatch lifeguards and even pitched to clients in their pyjamas.
police have dropped an investigation into a vicious assault on a huntsman just three months after it took place -- despite a wealth of evidence pointing to the identity of a suspected attacker. last night the victim , mike lane , 40 , who was beaten by balaclava-clad protesters armed with iron bars on ropes , condemned the decision by police as ` pathetic '. i 've been told that unless further evidence comes forward , the attackers are not likely to be found. ' attack : mike lane ,40 , who is joint master of the tedworth hunt , on the ground during the confrontation with hunt saboteurs.
one direction star niall horan has led the tributes to bbc broadcaster colin bloomfield who has died from skin cancer , aged just 33. bloomfield , who worked at bbc radio derby for 10 years as a presenter , reporter and derby county commentator , died at a hospice near his hometown of shrewsbury yesterday morning. and derby county supporter niall horan , who is one quarter of boyband one direction , has also described bloomfield as a ` super great guy and great commentator '. hugely popular bbc derby broadcaster colin bloomfield has died aged 33 after battling skin cancer.
the father of jules bianchi , the formula one driver who sustained a severe head injury when he crashed into a recovery vehicle at the japanese grand prix in october 2014 , has spoken about his son 's condition. philippe bianchi explained to nice-matin , a newspaper in france , that the marussia driver is still in a coma but is ` fighting fiercely ' and his condition is stable. all of his organs are working without assistance. but , for now , he remains unconscious , ' philippe bianchi said. jules bianchi , 25 , remains in a coma after a crash at the japanese grand prix in october 2014.
with a net worth of # 260million , hollywood power couple brad pitt and angelina jolie are in no danger of having to endure a night at the holiday inn. there have even been reports that brangelina , and their six children , have shut down whole hotel floors and chartering entire trains for a bit of privacy. but the couple , whose combined salary comes from starring in over seventy box office hits , often opt for surprisingly low key accommodation , affordable for mere mortals like the rest of us. scroll down for video. just a regular family ? brad pitt and angelina jolie pitt pictured with their children -lrb- zaharah marley , centre -rrb-.
everyone 's a winner. good news for all the struggling low-paid pros who made it to the masters. the green jackets took pity on them by announcing a 10 per cent increase in prizemoney for this year 's tournament. the winner 's share of the $ 10million pot worked out at # 1.23 m in our currency. jordan spieth collected # 1.23 million for winning the masters - as well as the coveted green jacket. ian poulter improved on his previous best masters finish by shooting a second straight 67 for a share of sixth. ' ian poulter was dressed all in purple on sunday for his final round at augusta.
stevie mccrorie has been crowned the winner of the voice uk 2015 , after beating fellow contestant lucy o'byrne in the final. now mentor ricky wilson , his fellow celebrity judges rita ora , tom jones and will.i.am , and most of all bosses at the bbc will all have their fingers crossed for his success. scroll down for video. can this year 's the voice uk champion stevie mccrorie break the winners ' curse ? his mentor ricky wilson is confident stevie could be just what the bbc needs to pull their talent show out of ridicule. leanne mitchell , the first ever winner of the voice uk , has been dropped by her record label and now works as a holiday camp performer.
jailed : kevin franklin married his new wife in the italian alps while his 80-year-old victim was forced to borrow money from his children because he could not afford any milk. a conman has been jailed for stealing a pensioner 's entire # 401,000 life savings and using it to finance his dream wedding and honeymoon. kevin franklin married his new wife in the italian alps while his 80-year-old victim was forced to borrow money from his children because he could not afford any milk , a court heard. ' he was jailed for four-and-a-half years at warwick crown court yesterday after admitting fraud and deception after the judge ignored his plea for leniency because he was ` terrified ' of going to prison.
it 's said eating slowly helps bring the taste and texture of foods to the foreground. but cooper the labrador certainly does n't care about being a culinary connoisseur , as a new video shows. katie gallegos from clackamas county , oregon , decided to take the pooch to a mcdonald 's drive-thru for an ice cream with his pal daisy. but while the small female pup takes a few ladylike licks , cooper gobbles the rest of the cone up in one bite. to date the video of cooper 's ice cream outing has been watched more than seven million times.
shivnarine chanderpaul and steve davis remain heroic despite their advancing years but what is the point of formula one ? hot. fc porto. the portuguese club 's slaying of bayern munich was achieved against a backdrop of fans draped in co-ordinated blue and white. does this mean that the visitors ' lumbering defender dante became the first footballer ever to ` lose the ball in the background ' ? porto 's fans were co-ordinated in blue and white as their side stunned bayern in the champions league. shivnarine chanderpaul. the west indies batsman is a throwback to when test cricket was true to its roots.
a dramatic confrontation between an alleged army impostor and a bystander in florida has been caught on video. eric coins , who was drinking in the city of sunrise posted the video to youtube accusing the man of wearing the uniform to get free drinks and meet women. ' in the footage , a young man is seen on camera asking the alleged fake service member , a series of questions including where he did his basic and boot camp training. the man apparently says he did his basic training in north carolina. the young man is then heard saying basic training is conducted in fort benning , georgia and not miami.
an eastern long island widow and her 14-year-old have been missing for almost three weeks after a trip to new york city to see a play. iona costello , 51 , and her daughter emily , from greenport , were going into the city when they were last seen on march 30 near their home in the the wealthy seaside village. iona costello , 51 -lrb- right -rrb- and her 14-year-old daughter emily -lrb- left -rrb- have been missing for almost three weeks after last being seen on march 30 near their home in the wealthy seaside village of greenport. the pair often go to shows and museums in new york city , but relatives have filed a missing person report after emily did not return to her east hampton school from spring break.
jose mourinho had placed the barclays premier league 's joint-top goalscorer on standby for this match , insisting he would only turn to diego costa if absolutely necessary. the # 32million striker was required to stop chelsea squandering the opportunity to open a seven-point advantage over their title rivals. yet all they got was 11 minutes before costa was forced off with a recurrence of the hamstring injury that ruled him out of the international break with spain. chelsea striker diego costa limped off with a hamstring injury shortly after coming on at the interval. will he be out for a week , a month , two months , maybe more ? ` it 's too early , ' said mourinho , who went on to defend throwing costa on.
manchester city 's problems are not confined to the barclays premier league. over the pond , new york city fc manager jason kreis is finding life increasingly difficult following a patchy start to the season which continued on thursday night as philadelphia union snatched a late draw in a match which had been bossed for long periods by the men in sky blue. the pressure has n't reached manuel pellegrini proportions. new york city fc 's mehdi ballouchy opened the scoring before his side were pegged back. yet kreis and nycfc will be under no illusions about the task in hand.
having gone all the way to last year 's wimbledon final eugenie bouchard has shown she knows how to handle etiquette , including the anachronistic task of having to curtsey. her refusal to shake hands with romanian opponent alexandra dulgheru turned out to be the precursor of a dreadful few days for the world no 7. it beings to symbolise a season fast unravelling for last year 's shooting star of the women 's game. eugenie bouchard was mocked at home and abroad over the handshake controversy. bouchard refused to shake the hand of alexandra dulgheru before fed cup match at the weekend.
this is the chilling moment a mysterious hairless creature chews its way through a steel cage. the description for the unsettling video - uploaded to youtube last week by raymond yeung -- claims it was captured in the shenzhen reservoir in china 's sand bay. the clawed creature - which some say is a rare bear - can be seen aggressively biting through the cage with a visibly bleeding mouth before ripping the metal wire apart with its limbs. the dsiturbing video shows a mystery clawed creature biting through a steel cage with a visibly bleeding mouth. according to the video description , the animal was discovered swimming in shenzhen reservoir in china 's sand bay.
indeed , archaeologists have been known to find the remains of bodies clutching make-up , beauty tools in graves and detailed beauty manuals from bygone times. while they may not have had vampire facials , cellulite cream and contouring kits at their disposal , the women of ancient history had some fascinating methods for beautifying themselves. the women of ancient history , including mary queen of scots , who washed herself in white wine , had some fascinating methods for beautifying themselves. cleopatra , for one , had some interesting methods and even penned a book documenting her most prized beauty secrets.
kathmandu , nepal -lrb- cnn -rrb- kathmandu is a city with few good stories right now , but tanka maya sitoula has one of them. the 40-year-old mother-of-four was at home when saturday 's deadly 7.8-magnitude earthquake struck , bringing the 5-story building down around her ground floor apartment. in the wake of the disaster , which has left at least 4,500 people dead across nepal , sitoula endured 36 long hours trapped in a room on the ground floor , before she was freed by an indian rescue team. sitoula , who talked to cnn through an interpreter , says she remained confident she would survive throughout her ordeal amid the rubble.
we want to see the real parts of life , the ones that do n't get a filter or a facebook post but are a part of our realities nonetheless. not only did p!nk 's response rally her fans , but they also started sharing their own photos of themselves post-pregnancy and embracing what p!nk tells her daughter is her `` squishiness.
obama and cuban president raul castro shook hands last night ahead of a historic meeting which may see cuba declassified as a state sponsor of terrorism. the two leaders , who clasped hands yesterday at a brief meeting , are both attending the summit of the americas in panama. the gesture of friendships is an outward symbol of obama 's project to thaw diplomatic relations with cuba , which have been frozen since the 1960s. the white house has set expectations for a ` substantive ' exchange between castro , brother of revolutionary leader fidel , and obama today. speculation is high that a result of the exchange could be the official removal of cuba from the state department 's list of state terror sponsors.
not a day goes by that 14-year-old jonathan pitre does n't scream in pain. born with epidermolysis bullosa - or ` butterfly skin ' - his body is covered with deep blistering wounds that will never heal. holding cutlery to eat is incredibly difficult. bathing is excruciating. scroll down for video. pain : he must be bathed and bandaged every day. team work : jonathan , 14 , said he could not get through life without his mother tina who carries and feeds him. ` even when i 'm sleeping , when i 'm dreaming , i still am sort of conscious because i feel that pain.
as california struggles with a devastating drought , huge amounts of water are mysteriously vanishing from the sacramento-san joaquin delta -- and the prime suspects are farmers whose families have tilled fertile soil there for generations. a state investigation was launched following complaints from two large agencies that supply water to arid farmland in the central valley and to millions of residents as far south as san diego. delta farmers do n't deny using as much water as they need. scroll down for video. drought : in this photo taken friday march 27 , 2015 , low-flow water emitter sits on some of the dry , cracked ground of farmer rudy mussi 's almond orchard in the sacramento-san joaquin delta near stockton , california.
family and friends of man shot dead by police last month are in shock after a billboard featuring the officer who pulled the trigger was erected in kenosham , wisconsin. aaron siler , 26 , was fatally shot after he ` armed himself with a weapon ' after being confronted by officer pablo torres on march 14. torres is currently on leave pending the outcome of the investigation into the deadly shooting. in the meantime a billboard , paid for by the kenosha professional police association , has been erected featuring a photograph of torres and his dog. scroll down for more.
why buy a fishing boat , when you can make one out of household furniture ? auckland coastguards have had the shock of their life after receiving an alert that about 5 homemade ` boats ' were taking part in an annual fishing event on sunday. the attendees included a couch strapped to a stack of tyres and a floating subaru car. scroll down for video. auckland coastguards received unusual call out to a homemade boat race that saw asubaru take to the water. coastguards took to the water near gulf harbour , off auckland 's whangaparaoa peninsula after receiving a call out about the event from a member of the public.
a nevada woman received a $ 200 ticket after she was pulled over for putting on makeup while she was behind the wheel as part of a statewide crackdown on distracted drivers. stephanie fragoso was cited on wednesday , april fools ' day , after she was stopped in las vegas by a nevada highway patrol -lrb- nhp -rrb- trooper. scroll down for video. stephanie fragoso was cited on wednesday , april fools ' day , after she was stopped by in las vegas , nevada. a nevada highway patrol trooper issued a $ 200 ticket to fragoso for putting on lib balm while at a red light.
while rory mcilroy is no stranger to pumping iron , the world 's no 1 golfer will need more than a few extra sessions in the gym to get close to matching american teenager brad dalke. mcilroy knew he was beaten even before he took the strain for an arm wrestle with the ripped high schooler who made short work of a strength test against the northern irishman. ' ` look at this ... no chance , ' rory mcilroy says as he prepares to arm wrestle 17-year-old brad dalke. dalke makes short work of the strength test against the world no 1 golfer who was a guest at a junior event.
a long island widow and her 14-year-old who have been missing for almost three weeks after a trip to new york city to see a play were stressed out by a legal battle , a relative said. iona costello , 51 , and daughter emily were going into the city when they were last seen on march 30 near their home in the the wealthy seaside village of greenport. scroll down for video. iona costello , 51 -lrb- left -rrb- and her 14-year-old daughter emily -lrb- right -rrb- have been missing for almost three weeks after last being seen on march 30 near their home in the wealthy seaside village of greenport.
an arkansas woman became a little richer this week after finding a large diamond at crater of diamonds state park. susie clark , of evening shade , found the 3.69-carat white diamond in a 37.5-acre search field on thursday , her last day of a trip to the park with her husband. susie clark , of evening shade , arkansas , found a 3.69-carat white diamond on a search field at crater of diamonds state park in arkansas. clark named the pinto-bean-sized , teardrop-shaped gem a ` hallelujah diamond ' because she spotted the gem shortly after praying that she would find something.
nfl murderer aaron hernandez is no longer no 81 - he is prisoner w106228 , daily mail online can reveal. the official number was issued to hernandez as he started the rest of his life in jail , at cedar junction state prison in massachusetts. he was being moved to the maximum security souza-baranowski correctional center near shirley today. hernandez is being held separately from other prisoners and is on suicide watch. he is now equipped with green prison scrubs and his tattoos are being examined for gang affiliations. the former new england patriots star smoked the hallucination-inducing drug in marijuana cigarettes that are known as ` killer joints ' in the world of drugs.
bournemouth are within touching distance ; they can almost smell the big-time. another hurdle on their way to the premier league has been negotiated as they secured a hard-fought win over reading. but winning a place in the top-flight has never been easy ; bournemouth are finding exactly that out. callum wilson celebrates after opening the scoring for bournemouth in the fourth minute. wilson opens the scoring for bournemouth early on against reading at the madejski stadium. booked : a pearce , hector. referee : keith stroud. but , as of yet , the cherries are n't choking , callum wilson 's 22nd goal of the season setting them on their way to a third successive win at the madejski stadium.
it is a source of music , information and entertainment for millions of listeners around the world yet vast numbers of people are being denied the chance to enjoy fm radio. many of the smartphones on sale today - including apple 's iphones , samsung 's galaxy phones and lg phones - come with built-in fm chips. however , nearly two thirds of smartphones do not have the feature activated. many smartphones on sale today - including apple 's iphones , samsung 's galaxy phones and lg phones - come with built-in fm chips. however , nearly two thirds of these devices do n't have the feature activated.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- if you were mourning the loss of a loved one in china , at least the entertainment might have cheered you up. in rural china , hiring exotic dancers to perform at wakes is an increasingly common practice , but is now the latest focus of the country 's crackdown on vice. strippers are invited to perform at funerals , often at great expense , to attract more mourners , china 's official xinhua news agency said. '' photos obtained by cnn from an attendee at a village funeral in cheng ` an county in hebei province show mourners of all ages , including children , watching the performance.
this is the man who allegedly opened fire in the campus library of a north carolina college on monday morning , leaving one person dead. kenneth stancil , 20 , is a former student who did not graduate from wayne community college in goldsboro , where he is accused of shooting dead a man who working in the school 's print shop. according to police , stancil walked into the building at 8am carrying a long-barreled gun , went up to the third floor , and fired one shot , which killed long-time employee ron lane. scroll down for video. manhunt : police believe the shooter was kenneth stancil , a former student who did not graduate from wayne community college in goldsboro , north carolina.
a family of four was enjoying a day out together in portland , maine when a white man yelled a racial slur at them before speeding off. the family consisted of a black mother and a white father who were with their nine-year-old daughter and 23-year-old son. the man was in a car filled with a group of young white men when he screamed ` hey n ***** s ! ' at them on friday and drove away. several bystanders witnessed the incident , including a local news reporter for wcsh 6 and wlbz 2 , jackie ward. ' the story has since caused a stir in maine - shocking some residents of the state.
there was no special treatment for lewis ferguson at paul nicholls ' yard on thursday morning. the 18-year-old was mucking out the stables as usual , just a cut on the nose to show for the fall which has made him an internet sensation. ferguson , whose double somersault horror fall from the favourite merrion square in the 4.20 pm at wincanton on wednesday has been watched hundreds of thousands of times online. it 's about the most impressive fall i 've seen. jockey lewis ferguson , 18 , who survived a spectacular fall from merrion square shows off the cut on his nose.
sometimes walking in a straight line without tripping over with just two feet is enough of a challenge. now scientists have unraveled how octopuses manage to keep track of all of their flailing limbs as they crawl over objects. the video above , recorded by researchers at the hebrew university of jerusalem , shows how that despite its body orientation -lrb- green arrow -rrb- the octopus can crawl in any direction -lrb- blue arrow -rrb- thanks to its flexible arms. using high speed videos of octopuses as they negotiated obstacles , biologists at the hebrew university of jerusalem in israel studied the cephlopods movement.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- recently , a new york judge issued an opinion authorizing service of divorce papers on a husband completely via facebook. in practice , it turns out people do n't like being sued. it also turns out that , to many defendants , procrastination of a lawsuit is a viable defense. once a defendant has been served , that means the judicial proceedings begin. unfortunately , that means defendants have an incentive to go `` off the grid ''. although every state is different , the law of service of process has evolved this way : the ideal and fairest way to notify a person of a lawsuit is to have another human hand the papers to the defendant in person , and have some proof that the person was the defendant.
the wife of pennsylvania 's lieutenant governor allegedly made an obscene gesture then threw a cup of soda over one of her husband 's political rivals. tonya stack , whose husband mike stack holds the state 's second-highest office , reportedly dumped cola on state representative kevin boyle in an unseemly row at a fundraiser in honor of a slain afghanistan veteran. ` soda fight ' : pennsylvania state representative kevin boyle , left , claims that he was covered in soda by tonya stack , right , wife of lieutenant governor mike stack , and a political opponent. when he described the gesture aloud as ' a trashy move ' , he claims she retaliated by hurling the dark , sticky liquid at him , according to a report by philly.com.
roma ended their four-month winless streak at home with a victory over napoli in serie a on saturday in a key match for champions league places. miralem pjanic finished off a swift counter-attack for roma in the 25th minute and goalkeeper morgan de sanctis did the rest - saving shot after shot by napoli in the second half. ' miralem pjanic slots home to put roma ahead in the 25th minute after a clinical counter-attack. pjanic -lrb- second left -rrb- celebrates with his team-mates juan iturbe , and daniele de rossi after scoring. second-place roma moved provisionally four points ahead of city rivals lazio , who play later on saturday.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- iran 's president on friday hailed the proposed international deal on his country 's nuclear program , vowing that iran will stick to its promises and -- assuming other countries live up to their end of the bargain -- become a more active , engaged player in world affairs. `` some think that we should either fight ... or we should surrender to other powers , '' president hassan rouhani said. '' rouhani said his government kept its word to iranians when negotiating the framework deal , which was agreed upon thursday and sets parameters for talks that could lead to a comprehensive deal by a june 30 deadline.
a 12-year-old girl battling leukemia for two years has been kicked out of school for her lack of attendance. last week st. joseph 's middle school , a private catholic school , sent a letter to rose mcgrath and her dismissing her from the school for low attendance and poor academic performance. scroll down for video. heartbroken : ' i did n't do anything wrong , but they still got rid of me , ' rose mcgrath of battle creek , michigan said tearfully of her school kicking her out for poor attendance because of her leukemia. dismissed : john fleckenstein , with battle creek area catholic schools , claims that the school made many accommodations for rose and that none of them seemed to help her enough.
michael schumacher 's daughter gina maria has revealed her impressive riding skills at a horse show in germany. the 17-year-old was one of the participants in the nrha european futurity horse show in the bavarian town of kreuth and looked every inch the professional rider throughout the tournament. the nrha european futurity horse show continues until saturday evening , when miss schumacher is expected to take part in the grand final of the tournament providing she is n't knocked out of the competition over the course of the week. impressive : gina maria schumacher is photographed taking part in the week-long nrha european futurity horse show in the bavarian town of kreuth yesterday afternoon.
a massachusetts boy who received more than 150,000 letters and packages after requesting ' a box of cards ' for his sixth birthday has died after his battle with a rare brain tumor. danny nickerson , six , who loved to receive mail , was diagnosed with an inoperable brain tumor in october 2013. he received mail from around the world and got more mail in one day than the rest of the town combined , according to fox news. on friday night , his mother carley nickerson shared on a facebook page , danny 's warriors , that her ` precious sweet boy earned his angel wings ' after a ` courageous 18 month battle '.
ever fancied driving the batmobile straight from the big screen and into your street ? or perhaps you 've always yearned to take the ghostbusters ' cadillac for a spin ? well now it 's possible to do both thanks to brothers marc and shanon parker - who have designed and built a fantastic fleet of movie-inspired vehicles. the brothers have even made an optimus prime truck , based on the most recent transformers movie , as well as a tron-inspired motorbike. scroll down for video. park your eyes on these beauties : the parker brothers ' batman tumbler and ghostbusters cadillac.
no need to tell padraig harrington what a difference a year makes. three time major winner padraig harrington has rediscovered his form ahead of the masters. the irishman practices during the pro-am before the start of the houston open in texas. a month ago harrington had fallen outside the world 's top 300 when he accepted an invitation to play in the honda classic in florida. he ended up winning his first tournament in america since the 2008 uspga championship. ' it was the first major championship this century for which he 'd failed to qualify and he ended up watching it sulking on the sofa at home.
a british policeman has been left paralysed from the waist down after breaking his neck while on holiday with his family. luke stanwick , 30 , is fighting for his life in a medically-induced coma and may never walk again after the ` horrendous ' accident in portugal. the police officer from hailsham , east sussex , was on holiday with his wife jenny and their two-year-old son , nathan , when he broke his neck. pc luke stanwick , 30 , has been left paralysed from the waist down after breaking his neck while on holiday with his family , pictured with his two-year-old son nathan.
bruce jenner has confirmed he started a gender transition process in the mid-1980s but stopped after he met and fell in love with kris kardashian , who became his third wife. the 65-year-old told diane sawyer he embarked on hormone therapy and electrolysis , and had plastic surgery to make his features look more feminine , shortly after winning the olympic gold. scroll down for video. early signs ? bruce jenner has revealed he started having hormone therapy and plastic surgery in the mid to late 1980s to make himself look more feminine. before the changes : bruce , seen here on set , still had his athletic physique and heavy set masculine features when he appeared in the 1980 film ca n't stop the music.
a woman who launched a social media campaign in a bid to return a sentimental ring which she found snorkeling in bali has found the owner who is amazingly from the same part of australia. roxy walsh , 34 , met with the ecstatic owners , joe and jenny langley , in noosa , on queensland 's sunshine coast , on sunday to personally return the ring to the couple after less than week of searching. scroll down for video. roxy was able to reunite the ring with the rightful owners jenny -lrb- right -rrb- and joe -lrb- centre -rrb- after their granddaughter , jade -lrb- left -rrb- found the social media campaign on facebook.
cats and dogs have the advantage over marine pets in that they can interact with humans through the sense of touch. but that does n't prevent one man from dipping his hand in the fish tank and giving his blood parrot cichlid a stroke. the fish begins relaxing in the man 's hand and stays very still as the owner begins to stroke it with his finger. the fish initially moves away before swimming in a full circle and returning to rest in between the man 's fingers. the man then begins massaging the pet by running his finger along it and the fish stays completely still as if enjoying the sensation.
kathmandu , nepal -lrb- cnn -rrb- on day six of nepal 's tragedy , life triumphed as rescuers pulled an 15-year-old from the rubble of a multistory residential building in one of kathmandu 's hard-hit neighborhoods. a large crowd erupted in cheers as pemba tamang was carried out on a stretcher. his rescuer , inspector lakshman basnet of the nepalese armed police force , said tamang was responsive and showed no apparent signs of serious injury. he was given an iv drip and rushed from the gongapur area to a temporary emergency hospital run by an israeli aid team. the nepalese rescuers had been working for five hours to locate tamang after they heard his voice coming from under the debris.
on a fenced-in artificial pitch , on the edge of one of salford 's most notorious estates , a group of men with what you could call lived-in faces are finishing a game of football. some are dressed in jeans and shoes - they have no kit or boots. ' jesper blomqvist helped coach youngsters from manchester united foundation 's street red project. another is reflecting on how this kickabout , for those who may have suffered from mental health issues , is the latest tentative step on a long journey back from the brink. jesper blomqvist , he of hand in sleeve and knee often in cast , is back in manchester.
pep guardiola has denied claims of a dispute with former bayern munich club doctor hans-wilhelm muller-wohlfahrt , who quit the club on thursday after ` being blamed ' for the defeat by porto. the 72-year-old , who had worked at bayern for almost 40 years , sensationally quit the bundesliga club , claiming ` the bond of trust is damaged ' , but guardiola has played down claims of a feud. ` the reaction is on me , i was disappointed , ' he told reporters in the wake of a shock champions league quarter-final defeat by porto. pep guardiola has denied a rift with the former bayern munich doctor who quit the club this week.
some are smiling , some waving , while others have the strain of their torturous journey etched on their faces. they are among the latest group of migrants to have safely reached land after a desperate voyage across the mediterranean that has claimed the lives of so many others. of the 446 people on board the italian rescue vessel , the navy said 59 of them were children , who were no doubt unaware just how perilous their boat trip could have been. scroll down for video. reaching the safety of dry land : two migrant boys cling to each other as their rescue ship docks in the sicilian port of augusta after their smuggler boat was picked up off the coast of the italian mainland.
lord janner sent a ` thank you ' christmas card to a detective after learning he would escape child sex abuse charges , it emerged yesterday. lord janner sent a ` thank you ' christmas card to a detective after learning he would escape child sex abuse charges , it emerged yesterday. the officer said he was appalled by the labour peer 's note after his superiors forced him to drop his inquiries into janner 's alleged sex abuse. the revelation of janner 's apparent attempt to influence the police came amid fresh concerns about the establishment cover-up of the labour grandee 's alleged paedophilia.
karim benzema insists real madrid are capable of becoming the first side to retain the champions league due to their undoubted quality. the la liga giants won their 10th european cup last season and benzema is confident that his side can quickly add to their impressive tally. speaking to adidas football , benzema said : ` we are trying to get to the final. real madrid forward karim benzema believes his side are capable of retaining the champions league. benzema was speaking to adidas ahead of real madrid 's champions league encounter against atletico. ' benzema 's club team-mate james rodriguez , who has recently returned to full fitness following a foot injury , has heaped praise on carlo ancelotti ahead of real 's champions league showdown with atletico.
ahead of this weekend 's premier league action , sportsmail will be providing you with all you need to know about every fixture , with team news , provisional squads , betting odds and opta stats. here is all the information you need for burnley 's home clash with tottenham ... burnley vs tottenham hotspur -lrb- turf moor -rrb-. burnley. burnley defender stephen ward should be back in contention for sunday 's barclays premier league clash against tottenham after overcoming an ankle injury. midfielder matt taylor , who has not featured since august , is also nearing a return after resuming training following his recovery from achilles surgery.
it was as iconic a moment of the eighties as duran duran , yuppies , football hooliganism and mrs thatcher handbagging the unions. it was steve davis -- lean , robotic and unsmiling -- versus dennis taylor -- tubby and splendidly bespectacled. ` and so the lights go down , ' whispered commentator ted lowe to 18.5 million viewers. one of these lucky chaps will pick up the title , the trophy and # 60,000. ' steve davis -lrb- left -rrb- and dennis taylor pose with the trophy before their world snooker final in 1985. davis was leading the final 8-0 when he missed a shot on the green that he has rued to this day.
societies with less access to food and water are more likely to believe in an all-powerful deity , according to new research. the study uncovered a link between belief in god and other societal characteristics , such as a strong social hierarchy. scientists suggest that religious beliefs help people cope in inhospitable habitats. a study suggests that societies with less access to food and water are more likely to believe in all-powerful , deities. ' together with other experts , he found that communities that believe in a high , controlling god or gods who enforce a moral code , tend to live in politically complex groups with a social hierarchy beyond the local community - and often tend to animals.
there will be calls for england to get rid of alastair cook and jonathan trott on the back of their failures here but i think they should both play all three tests against west indies before any sort of decision is made. we are talking about two batsmen with phenomenal test records who have done it against australia in the past and , with good players like that , you do not jettison them easily. jonathan trott -lrb- left -rrb- and alastair cook head out to open england 's second innings against west indies. trott walks past cook after he was dismissed for just four runs by jerome taylor on day three.
the sun is shining , the mercury is climbing and the trees are finally in blossom. whether you prefer a stroll around the netherlands ' keukenhof gardens , largely recognised as one of the world 's most beautiful springtime wonders , or to take in the sights of the smithsonian alongside washington 's cherry blossom trees , there are plenty of incredible blooms on display all around the globe as well as some beautiful bluebell-spotting opportunities in the uk. mailonline travel has compiled the most beautiful spring destinations for those looking to get in a unique getaway before the summer travel rush begins.
while posting an image of your child smiling into the camera covered in food may seem like a playful and cute move to you - it could be dangerous for your child in the long run. when it comes to uploading baby photos on social media , some feel like the more comments and likes they get the better , but who is really looking at your photos and how far do they reach on the net ? scroll down for video. snap happy : we all know someone who overshares on social media - but could they be putting their kids ' lives at risk ? just last week , australian woman jade ruthven was lambasted on her social media account by her friends , who were so sick of her constant updates about her baby daughter that they wrote her a scathing letter demanding she stop.
the daughter of second world war nazi strongman hermann goering has failed in her bid to get the state of bavaria to return family money confiscated after the collapse of the third reich. goering , who cheated the hangman at nuremberg by committing suicide shortly before he was due to be executed for war crimes , was deputy to hitler and the regime 's greatest art thief. the infamous military leader plundered private collections and museums wherever the swastika flew but his daughter edda , 76 , has always refused to criticise him. scroll down for video. showing his soft side : hermann goering appears on the front cover of a magazine with daughter edda in 1940.
a scientist says he expects to live to 150 after uncovering the secrets of how to slow down the ageing process. dr alex zhavoronkov , an anti-ageing expert , believes medical advances and knowledge of lifestyles will lead to a far longer life expectancy than has been seen to date. scroll down for video. healthy living : dr alex zhavoronkov , an anti-ageing expert , believes medical advances and knowledge of lifestyles will lead to a far longer life expectancy than has been seen to date. a director of the uk-based biogerontology research foundation think tank , which is dedicated to longer life and improving the health of the elderly , dr zhavoronkov remains confident that his lifestyle will allow him to reach the 150-year milestone.
at least five women got into a large-scale brawl that lasted for multiple minutes at a zara clothing store on friday afternoon. the fight broke out at a store location in the city 's rittenhouse square neighborhood. scroll down for video. let 's get ready to rumble : three of the fighters were grappling , while a fourth came in and slapped them -lrb- left -rrb-. pretty in pink ? a women wearing a pink top and underwear spent most of the brawl with her shirt being pulled. witnesses to the fight had different reactions. in a youtube of the fight , someone said : ' i just came in here to get a suit.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- authorities detained a 15-year-old girl from cape town , south africa , at the city 's airport after receiving information she was leaving the country to join isis , state security minister david mahlobo said. `` we are still conducting further investigation. the girl over the past period has been using technology on social media platforms interacting with strange people and reading material that suggested she expressed an interest in joining a terrorist group called isis , '' he told broadcaster enca. virginia teen accused of being isis recruiter. officials debriefed the girl 's family and released her into the family 's care , mahlobo said.
branislav ivanovic was hit on the head by a lighter thrown by a fan as chelsea edged closer to the title with a ` lucky ' win over queens park rangers. the football association will wait for referee andre marriner 's report before deciding whether to launch an investigation into crowd control after other missiles rained down on the loftus road pitch. qpr manager chris ramsey condemned the behaviour. ` we do n't want any objects thrown on the pitch , ' he said. ' jubilant chelsea celebrations were marred by objects being thrown onto the pitch by the crowd. chelsea midfielder nemanja matic hands over a coin to referee andre marriner during the match on sunday.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- two pieces of audio recorded in the immediate aftermath of a deadly police shooting in south carolina emerged monday. the voice of michael slager can be heard in both. the former north charleston police officer is charged with murder in the death of 50-year-old walter scott. in the first recording , an unidentified officer talks to slager about what might happen. the second audio , taken from dash cam video from inside a patrol car , captures a phone call between slager and someone cnn believes is his wife. '' `` he grabbed my taser , yeah. `` he was running from me.
for any players who have featured for 90 minutes in a match under pasquale marino , the next day at training is dedicated to ` scarico ' -- recovery. marino was the manager who brought sanchez into udinese 's first team in 2008 after he had been signed from chilean club side cobreloa two years earlier. udinese had italy internationals antonio di natale , simone pepe and fabio quagliarella vying for places up front , but marino knew in sanchez he had a ` jewel ' on his hands. alexis sanchez has impressed for arsenal this season following his # 30million switch from barcelona.
while throwing in the nine-to-five life is a dream for many , one young couple decided to make it a reality , experiencing the world as they spent a year filming one mini documentary a day. sydney couple epiphany morgan and carl mason produced 365 documentaries in as many days , visiting 35 countries and 70 cities , as part of their project 365 docobites , an idea which even the couple originally doubted would actually work. when i first told one of my friends what we were thinking of doing , she asked whether i was sure it was a good idea , ' epiphany told daily mail australia.
it is the sort of advert to strike fear into any woman. must have the same body measurements as the hollywood actress -- give or take a centimetre. specifics : applicants must meet a strict criteria including measuring 5ft 6in , have a 25 1/2 in waist , a high hip of 35 , low hip of 36 1/2 and be prepared to cut their hair into a messy bob , so they look like sienna miller. would-be siennas hoping to appear in an advert for bottled water should be 5ft 6in in height and have a 25 1/2 in waist , the advert states.
most women would kill for a size six figure and a gap between their thighs. the illness has seen miss harris lose more than 18 stone -lrb- 252lbs -rrb- in 20 months , as she regularly vomits up her food and suffers excruciating bowel pain. at her largest , when she weighed 27st 10lbs -lrb- 388lbs -rrb- and was a size 32 , she dreamed of pulling off skimpy outfits. but now , weighing just 8st 9lbs -lrb- 121lbs -rrb- and wearing size 6 clothes , she says she would give anything to get back her fuller figure back and be able to eat normally again.
a 69-year-old mentally impaired man from connecticut celebrated walking free from jail today after spending more than two decades behind bars for the rape and murder of his wife 's grandmother. last month a court ruled richard lapointe , a former dishwasher , was deprived of a fair trial for the 1987 killing and on friday , a judge ordered him to be freed on $ 25,000 cash bail. the former inmate was photographed walking out of the hearing alongside his attorney and another supporter with his arms weakly raised in the air.in lieu of his prison jumpsuit ,. his attorney said he will stay under a 7pm to 7am curfew with a couple in east hartford.
with points running out and prizes at a premium , they 're praying the calculator tells them the dream is still alive. but for those at the top of a claustrophobic championship , the maths is simple -- win every game or risk missing out on a potential # 120million payday. two points separate four teams , with four games remaining. to drop points would almost certainly mean to drop out of the race for the two automatic slots to the barclays premier league. middlesbrough were top on good friday but are fourth going into the visit of wolves. aitor karanka is not wasting his time on permutations.
peering into the heart of the milky way , astronomers have spotted the ` howls ' of dead stars as they feed on stellar companions. these zombie stars are thought to be leaving a ` mass grave ' of white dwarf stars near the centre of the milky way. scroll down for video. the nuclear spectroscopic telescope array , or nustar , has captured a new high-energy x-ray view -lrb- magenta -rrb- of the bustling center of our milky way galaxy. the smaller circle shows the center of our galaxy where the nustar image was taken. the finding , published in nature , was made by scientists at haverford college in pennsylvania , us using nasa 's nustar telescope.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- the accidental death of a 2-year-old boy in milwaukee on sunday triggered a violent chain of events , eventually claiming the lives of three more people. during the family gathering , he dashed out into the street and was struck and killed by a gmc van , according to milwaukee police. the distraught driver , archie brown jr. , 40 , immediately stopped and got out to tend to the boy. but it was too late , police said. damani 's alarmed family came running , including his older brother , 15-year-old rasheed chiles , police said. soon , two more people would also die : the driver and the teen were both felled by bullets fired by the same man , police said.
a north carolina mechanic whose son was murdered nine years ago found an inscription dedicated to his fallen son on a car he was working on in his body shop. john brynarsky 's son chris , a custom paint job expert , was shot and killed in october 2006 after an argument in his car detail shop in union county , north carolina. when he was shot , he fell over the bumper he had just finished working on and damaged it , his friend mark cosentino said. chris brynarsky -lrb- back left -rrb- was killed in his custom car detail shop in october 2006.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- marine life seen swimming in unusual places. water temperatures warmer than they should be. some scientists are saying `` the blob '' could be playing a factor. but if you 're a salmon fisherman in washington or a california resident hoping to see the end of the drought , the blob could become an enemy of top concern. a university of washington climate scientist and his associates have been studying the blob -- a huge area of unusually warm water in the pacific -- for months. `` in the fall of 2013 and early 2014 we started to notice a big , almost circular mass of water that just did n't cool off as much as it usually did , so by spring of 2014 it was warmer than we had ever seen it for that time of year , '' said nick bond , who works at the joint institute for the study of the atmosphere and ocean in seattle , washington.
dog tags a u.s. soldier lost on a massachusetts beach 70 years ago have been returned to his son at the same place. zachariah fike head of vermont-based purple hearts reunited , says the military id belonged to world war ii veteran cpl. william benn , who lost them in 1939 at a coastal artillery placement on salisbury beach. metal detector enthusiast bill ladd found them after a storm last year. metal detector enthusiast bill ladd found the missing dog tags after a storm last year , returning them to the vet 's son , william benn of rhode island. cpl. benn manned a gun during the 1941 attack on pearl harbor.
now an animal welfare charity claims to have a solution to help households rid themselves of mouse infestations - lending them a cat for the day. wood green animal charity has teamed up with a cleaning and diy app to offer customers a cat fostering service. wood green animal charity has teamed up with cleaning and diy app handy to offer customers a cat fostering service. cats will not just catch mice but the scent they leave behind can also discourage rodents from returning. the north london-based charity say that the presence of a cat and the scent it leaves behind will often be enough to scare away unwanted rodents.
karim benzema hailed team-mate cristiano ronaldo as a ` phenomenon ' after the portuguese struck five goals in real madrid 's 9-1 mauling of granada. it was the first time in his career that ronaldo has scored five goals in a single match and saw him become only the third player to reach the 300-goal mark for madrid , a tally achieved in only 287 appearances. on sunday , benzema said on his club 's website : ` cristiano is a phenomenon , he is always looking for goals and ways to help the team. ' cristiano ronaldo -lrb- centre -rrb- scored five goals during real madrid 's 9-1 la liga victory against granada.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- a new jersey auction house has removed items from its april 17 event after an uproar from the public. the items are crafts and artifacts made by japanese-americans confined to world war ii internment camps. a grass-roots campaign of a change.org petition , a facebook page , and mediation by `` star trek '' actor george takei has resulted in rago arts and auction center agreeing to pull the items from the sale. it is something auction houses , galleries and dealers are faced with regularly , '' the auction house said. the auction house said 24 lots of an original collection of works of art and crafts were removed.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- justin timberlake and jessica biel , welcome to parenthood. the celebrity couple announced the arrival of their son , silas randall timberlake , in statements to people. `` silas was the middle name of timberlake 's maternal grandfather bill bomar , who died in 2012 , while randall is the musician 's own middle name , as well as his father 's first , '' people reports. the couple announced the pregnancy in january , with an instagram post.
conor mcgregor is gearing up for a featherweight title challenge against jose aldo on july 11 and has unveiled a fearsome new tattoo ahead of the encounter. the 26-year-old irishman has already got a picture of a gorilla eating a heart inked upon his chest and ` the notorious ' has now revealed a tiger 's face tattooed onto his stomach. you 're food , ' mcgregor wrote next to the instagram post of his new artwork. conor mcgregor reveals his new tattoo of a tiger on his stomach to his instagram followers. mcgregor -lrb- left -rrb- poses in the shop with a fan shortly after having his tattoo on his stomach done.
jenson button believes mclaren now have their rivals in their sights ahead of this weekend 's chinese grand prix. after starting the new formula one season in australia with a severe lack of pace , mclaren and new power-unit supplier honda made significant progress a fortnight later in malaysia. although both button and team-mate fernando alonso retired during the race at the sepang international circuit , the duo at least discovered the car was competitive alongside other midfield runners. jenson button looks on in the garage during final practice for last month 's malaysian grand prix. ` obviously we want to finish a race , but seeing improvement in pace was much more important , ' said button.
the romantics will pick sean dyche or ronald koeman , the statistics lovers will go for jose mourinho or , at a push , arsene wenger. but for me there is one standout contender for manager of the year and that 's louis van gaal. the stricken patient was fading fast , but the dutch doctor has n't just stuck plasters over the wounds , he 's breathed life into a giant and resurrected it back to rude health. manchester united boss louis van gaal is among those in the running for manager of the year. united 's players celebrate together during the derby win against rivals manchester city.
a new county cricket season is almost upon us with the first round of championship fixtures this summer beginning on sunday up and down the country. yorkshire will be looking to defend their division one title while kevin pietersen will hope his runs help surrey to promotion from the second tier. here is former surrey and england batsman mark butcher 's guide to the county championship. but they always have a flotilla of pace bowlers to look out for. key man : mark wood -- a highly promising quick , as england have realised. durham 's side pose for their team photo ahead of the 2015 county cricket season.
the distinctive head bop was still there and the white socks pulled up over the calves but plastered across her face was something we are not used to seeing during paula radcliffe 's races -- a beaming smile. when she set the world record of 2:15.25 in the london marathon in april 2003 -- a time no woman has threatened 12 years later -- there was no grinning until after she crossed the line. the crowd lining the london marathon course cheers for paula radcliffe as she wraps up a stellar career. radcliffe breaks down at the end of the london marathon on sunday , her final competitive race.
on saturday , at the 161st oxford-cambridge boat race , the women 's crews will battle the same thames course as the men , who will follow an hour later. after decades of campaigning and 88 years since the first women to race were jeered by male spectators , they get equal billing. and for wilson 's grandfather , 85-year-old richard cowell , from east kilbride , it will be a momentous day. he is not up to the journey to watch his granddaughter compete for cambridge but will still see the race , which will be televised for the first time.
johannesburg -lrb- cnn -rrb- south african troops deployed tuesday evening as part of a new government effort to stop deadly anti-immigrant violence. their first target : the johannesburg suburb of jeppestown , where xenophobic violence broke out on friday. south african police raided a jeppestown hostel tuesday while troops secured the perimeter. earlier , defense minister nosiviwe mapisa-nqakula announced the plan to deploy an undisclosed number of troops to areas where police are spread too thin while trying to curb deadly attacks against immigrants. ... we are coming in because they need that support , '' she said after visiting johannesburg 's alexandra township , one area where mobs have attacked immigrants from other african nations and looted their shops -- ostensibly based on the belief that immigrants are taking south africans ' jobs.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- filipinos are being warned to be on guard for flash floods and landslides as tropical storm maysak approached the asian island nation saturday. just a few days ago , maysak gained super typhoon status thanks to its sustained 150 mph winds. it 's now classified as a tropical storm , according to the philippine national weather service , which calls it a different name , chedeng. it boasts steady winds of more than 70 mph -lrb- 115 kph -rrb- and gusts up to 90 mph as of 5 p.m. -lrb- 5 a.m. et -rrb- saturday. authorities took preemptive steps to keep people safe such as barring outdoor activities like swimming , surfing , diving and boating in some locales , as well as a number of precautionary evacuations.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- the united nations is appealing for $ 174 million to help nigerian refugees who 've fled to neighboring nations following militant attacks. boko haram has killed thousands in the nation 's northeast by attacking villages , schools , churches and mosques. it has also kidnapped students , including more than 200 schoolgirls abducted in april last year. the militants have attacked relentlessly for six years , sending 192,000 people seeking shelter in cameroon , niger and chad. `` displaced people in northeastern nigeria and across borders are in a very dramatic situation , they fear for their lives and are at this point unable to return to their homes , '' said liz ahua , who 's coordinating nigerian refugee efforts for the u.n. aid agencies are scrambling to provide the refugees with clean water , shelter , food and access to education.
khloe kardashian has hit back at critics of her instagram post reaction to monday night 's riots in baltimore saying she is ` damned if i do. the 30-year-old reality tv star posted - then later deleted - the message ` pray for baltimore ' to instagram on monday night as protests about the unexplained death of freddie gray turned to riots in the hours following his funeral. khloe kardashian posted this photo to instagram on monday night as protests turned to riots in baltimore , while more than 400,000 followers liked it , the post - now deleted - also drew criticism.
ryan bertrand believes he deserves to be higher up the england pecking order and has pledged to prove his worth to manager roy hodgson. the 25-year-old has been one of the standout performers for southampton , where the left-back moved permanently earlier in the year having impressed on loan from chelsea. ryan bertrand was the fifth left back to be called in to roy hodgson 's england squad last month. a call-up had been predicted for england 's internationals against lithuania and italy last month , yet hodgson plumped for leighton baines , kieran gibbs and luke shaw. danny rose was then preferred when shaw pulled out , only for bertrand to get the nod once the tottenham full-back and then baines dropped out.
peter moores insisted he could work with michael vaughan if he becomes england 's new director of cricket despite the pair 's chequered past. the new man is expected to be a supremo who will be very much with the team but moores was not sure england needed another voice in the dressing room. michael vaughan with peter moores in 2008 during his unsuccessful first spell as england coach. moores ' position as england coach has come under scrutiny after a woeful world cup campaign. as always we will have to make it clear what the players have to do to go out and play for england.
an frail elderly woman lost five kilograms in five days when she was being treated at perth 's new fiona stanley hospital -lrb- fsh -rrb- , but the west australian health minister said doctors did nothing wrong. joyce tabram , 82 , was 39 kilograms when she was admitted to fsh on march 30 with swollen abdomen but left weighing just 34 kilograms. joyce tabram , 82 , lost five kilograms in five days while she being treated at fiona stanley hospital in perth. ms tabram told the abc her test was put off until april 3 after she became fed up with no action being taken.
the cell phone ban at the augusta national golf club has forced fans to dust off their often unloved and rarely used old cameras if they want to capture a photo of their heroes. barred from bringing their cell phones on to the georgia course , fans have adapted by going back to the future and using their pocket-sized digital cameras or their old 35mm bodies and lenses and re-learning how to use them. a masters patron uses her camera to take photos of the action during the player practice rounds ahead of the 2015 masters at augusta national golf course in augusta , georgia , which starts on thursday.
gorkha , nepal -lrb- cnn -rrb- the ride from kathmandu to near the epicenter of nepal 's devastating earthquake is not for those who get easily carsick. the view along the six-hour journey from the capital is deceptive. one of the biggest challenges rescue workers are facing in nepal is reaching affected people in remote mountainous areas. one of them is gorkha , a district northwest of kathmandu. most of the shops and businesses are open. but our first stop at the district hospital brings us into the full reality of the human catastrophe. the hospital campus is overflowing with patients.
ravi opi , kavre district , nepal -lrb- cnn -rrb- by the time you reach the outskirts of nepal 's capital , even the roads are showing signs of the sheer magnitude of this earthquake -- and the enormity of the task awaiting a country struggling to come to terms with devastation and tragedy. the main highway that heads east out of kathmandu shows massive cracks , the tarmac torn apart by the force of saturday 's huge tremor. it is only 30 kilometers -lrb- 20 miles -rrb- east of kathmandu but the journey takes almost two hours -- and the travel times likely to be compounded the farther out from the city people go.
conflicting stance : ed miliband , pictured during a speech yesterday , will today announce a ` clear , credible plan ' on immigration. ed miliband will today claim labour 's attitude to immigration has ` changed ' -- despite still refusing to put any upper limit on the numbers allowed in. in an audacious move , the labour leader will insist that he offers a ` clear , credible and concrete plan on immigration -- not false promises '. ' but , only hours before the key election speech was due to be delivered , his own shadow home secretary refused at least four times to say labour would put a target on net immigration.
suddenly , at the age of 34 and after 15 years of hoping for the exact opposite , i desperately wanted to get pregnant. eleven months later , when my body was still not doing what i demanded , i got depressed , stressed and scared. proud mum sarah ivens with her two children , william -lrb- left -rrb- and one-year-old matilda -lrb- centre -rrb-. ` i always put my career first , and travelling and having our dream wedding. ' i was paranoid that my life decisions had left my baby dreams impossible to reach. of course , horror stories in the tabloids tried to persuade me that i had about as much chance of procreating successfully after the age of 30 as i did of making it to the x factor finals , but i had decided to follow the stars and wear blinkers.
with its gabled , late-victorian red-brick exterior and oak-panelled interior , cournswood house could almost be bletchley park , the english country house at the heart of the recent oscar-nominated drama the imitation game , about the cracking of germany 's wartime enigma code. the first was wartime naval cryptographer and enigma codebreaker dillwyn knox , who bought it in 1921 and lived there until his death in 1943. his funeral was attended by many from bletchley park , and a memorial stone to knox can be found bordering the property. cournswood house is in the south of buckinghamshire -- in ten acres of secluded woodlands in the picturesque village of north dean.
shannah kennedy and lyndall mitchell , who between them have been more than three decades of life coaching experience , are teaching their masterclass of wellness to ceos and executives across the country. skills such as dealing with stress , being aware of trains of thought , and accumulative mindfulness are being taught to professionals in the banking , business and retail sector. ` wellness in the past has all been about the zen ... but actually you can be wearing leather pants , and be zen , ' shannah told daily mail australia. thelma and louise of wellness : shannah kennedy -lrb- left -rrb- and lyndall mitchell -lrb- right -rrb- are taking their masterclass of wellness : the boardroom retreat to ceos and executives across australia.
barcelona are fighting for a league and cup double this season but midfield playmaker ivan rakitic enjoyed some time away from the heat of battle with his family to celebrate st george 's day. ' rakitic 's wife , raquel mauri , also posted an image of her celebrations with barcelona star rakitic. ivan rakitic poses alongside his wife raquel mauri as the pair enjoy the st george 's day celebrations. barcelona man rakitic also shared a picture with his wife and daughter , who he described as his ` princesses ' rakitic -lrb- left -rrb- has been an integral part of barcelona 's team since signing from sevilla.
there are more conventional ways to apologise to a loved one after an argument. for many a romantic meal , chocolates or even flowers is the best way to win over an angry partner. ' ' i love you ' : the mysterious signs that have appeared across the surrey village of milford. the signs have sparked speculation across the village as to the identity of the author and the reason behind the contrite gesture. they were first spotted by residents in the affluent village of milford , near godalming , on tuesday morning and have sparked speculation as to the identity of author and the reasons behind the contrite gesture.
april fool 's pranks are meant to be a bit of light-hearted fun , intended to trigger smiles of embarrassment. but one grandfather unexpectedly reduced his grandchildren to floods of tears yesterday with his practical joke. randy johnston , 68 , from dallas , texas , decided to leave two ` fake poops ' on his granddaughters ' beds. but footage shows that the prank turned out to be decidedly disastrous , with randy 's six-year-old granddaughter porter getting red-faced and dramatically crying in horror. scroll down for video. caught on camera : randy johnston , 68 , from dallas , texas , decided to leave two ` fake poops ' on his granddaughters ' beds - his then went about filming the moment of discovery.
george osborne was challenged 18 times yesterday to explain where the next tory government would find the extra # 8billion it has promised the nhs. during tense exchanges with the bbc 's andrew marr , the chancellor repeatedly ducked questions about exactly how the massive cash boost would be paid for. mr osborne said it would come from the conservatives ' ` balanced plan ' for the economy , but declined to go into further detail. scroll down for video. chancellor george osborne and labour deputy leader harriet harman , appearing on bbc1 's the andrew marr show. all i 'm asking is where does it come from ? no higher taxes , extra public spending cuts ? where ? ' mr osborne replied : ` well it 's part of our balanced plan.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- blues legend b.b. king was hospitalized for dehydration , though the ailment did n't keep him out for long. king 's dehydration was caused by his type ii diabetes , but he `` is much better , '' his daughter , claudette king , told the los angeles times. the legendary guitarist and vocalist released a statement thanking those who have expressed their concerns. '' no more information on king 's condition or where he was hospitalized was immediately available. b.b. is short for blues boy , part of the name he used as a memphis disc jockey , the beale street blues boy.
ryuichi kiyonari bettered the donington park lap record to take put his buildbase bmw on to pole start for the easter monday opening round of the mce british superbike championship. the japanese rider powered in a scorching time of one minute 29.455 seconds. ryuichi kiyonari bettered the donington park lap record to take put his buildbase bmw on to pole start. defending champion shane byrne , despite hand and ankle injuries he suffered last month during testing spain , completed the front row of the grid aboard the pbm kawasaki. the british rider finished less than a quarter of a second down.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- well , the thought experiments are finally over. hillary clinton 's online declaration for president means the focus will now shift to the campaign and to what kind of president she might be. should she win , clinton will add to her potential `` firsts '' : first woman president ; the first president who had been a first lady. there 's another one , too : the first secretary of state to become president since james buchanan. only a handful of the nation 's top diplomats have gone to the white house -lrb- thomas jefferson ; james madison ; james monroe ; john quincy adams ; martin van buren ; and buchanan -rrb-.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- fans of the late actor paul walker knew that watching him in `` furious 7 '' would be bittersweet. even so , many moviegoers said the final scenes of the new film , which earned a record $ 146 million over the weekend , still packed an emotional wallop. the tribute to paul walker was very well done , '' one woman said monday on twitter. hers was just one of a flood of messages on social media from people who said they got choked up during scenes featuring walker , who died at 40 in a car crash in november 2013 , before filming on `` furious 7 '' was completed.
do you have a question that is too personal to discuss with even your closest of friends ? do you have a question that is too personal to discuss with even your closest of friends ? a new app has come up with the perfect solution - talk through your problems with total strangers instead. newly launched app , honest , allows users to pose questions , remain anonymous and get feedback from fellow anonymous users. the personal dilemmas posted range from relationship questions such as ` i 'm getting married next week and i 'm having doubts , is that normal ? ' to questions about sexual dysfunction , career changes and secret crushes.
reality star linsey ` jade ' berardi has died aged 22. linsey starred in season 12 of bad girls club : chicago which aired in may 2014 on oxygen. the network confirmed her passing in a statement on friday : ` we are deeply saddened by the loss of linsey ` jade ' berardi , who appeared in season 12. ' scroll down for video. tragic : bad girls club star linsey ` jade ' berardi has died aged 22. ` our deepest sympathy and heartfelt thoughts go out to her family , friends and fans. ' she is reportedly survived by her parents , a brother , and a sister.
a gay couple getting married this summer had their wedding plans featured on hillary clinton 's announcement that she is joining the race for the white house. democrat campaigners jared milrad and nate johnson , from chicago , illinois , claimed they were surprised to find out that their same-sex wedding plans were featured on sunday 's video announcing clinton 's 2016 bid. ' scroll down for videos. jared milrad -lrb- pictured right -rrb- and his fiancé nate johnson , who are campaigning democrats , were featured in hillary clinton 's video announcing her 2016 white house bid. the couple , who are planning a summer wedding , were featured walking hand in hand during clinton 's video to announce her 2016 bid for the white house.
stephanie scott 's devastated father has opened up about the grief her family is feeling as they struggle to come to terms with their daughter 's brutal murder , which took place just days before her much-anticipated wedding. the adored school teacher from leeton went missing on easter sunday and her body was found in nearby bushland the following friday. ms scott 's grieving father robert explained that it is especially painful that stephanie 's life has been taken away when she had so much to look forward to. scroll down for video. ms scott 's grieving father robert explained that it is especially painful that stephanie 's life has been taken away when she had so much to look forward to.
tony abbott may have thrilled players at an australian rules function by skolling a beer but he 's drawn the ire of anti-drinking campaigners who claim he 's glorifying binge drinking and associating being a man with drinking booze. julie robert , a cultural studies professor at the university of technology sydney , said it was ` problematic ' that the prime minister , who she believes should be advocating against binge drinking , thought it acceptable to ` showcase his masculinity ' by skolling a beer. scroll down for video. australian prime minister tony abbott was cheered on by a crowd of about 50 as he skolled a schooner of beer.
a personal injury claims company has collapsed after being fined # 80,000 for plaguing households with nuisance calls -lrb- file picture -rrb-. a personal injury claims company has collapsed after being fined # 80,000 by the privacy watchdog for plaguing households with nuisance calls. direct assist , based in bolton , lancashire , told one complainant that they were likely to be called for three years until they made a claim , despite repeated requests for their details to be removed. every complaint came from someone who was registered with the tps and who had not given permission for the company to call them , the ico said.
just days after the former australian swimming champion 's unexpected comeback , grant hackett 's father has revealed that the sleeping pill addiction which ruined his son 's personal life and tarnished his career , was triggered by a death threat. former police inspector neville hackett said that his son had ` his life threatened by a well-known associate of criminals ' two years ago , leading the swimmer to immediately hop on a plane to his parent 's home in the gold coast. it was when his life was threatened and he could n't sleep at night from all the worry , ' hackett senior told the daily telegraph.
chelsea will try to add another trophy to their ever-expanding cabinet when the under 19 team take on shakhtar donetsk in the final of the uefa youth league on monday afternoon. adi viveash 's team will start as favourites in nyon , switzerland after their resounding 4-0 win over roma in the semi-finals on friday , a result which continued their free-scoring form in this competition. chelsea striker dominic solanke starred in his side 's emphatic 4-0 semi-final win over roma on friday. solanke has scored 11 uefa youth league games during chelsea 's route to the final in nyon , switzerland.
manchester united had four different scorers on sunday. at the start of the season i do n't think anyone would have thought that quartet would be anywhere near the team , let alone scoring vital goals in a huge manchester derby. with all that money flashing around you would have picked angel di maria over juan mata , marcus rojo over chris smalling and just about anybody over marouane fellaini and ashley young. people said mata was too slow but his brain is certainly quick enough. fellaini is now united 's go-to guy and smalling has improved. juan mata celebrates after scoring against manchester city , and he is part of louis van gaal 's ` fab four ' ashley young is another player that few would have expected to be a key part of van gaal 's plans.
the championship. steve mcclaren 's derby side will make sure of a play-off place with victory at huddersfield provided wolves and brentford are both beaten. just two years on from winning the fa cup , wigan will be relegated if they fail to win at home to brighton -- although rotherham 's fa hearing for fielding an ineligible player could change things were they to be docked points. derby county can make sure of a play-off place with victory against huddersfield if other results go their way. bristol city boss steve cotterill said after his side sealed promotion : ` that 's great , but we have n't won the league yet and that is what i want.
the six-month-old foal was in a pitiful state. dumped on the side of a busy road outside southampton , emaciated and riddled with worms , he was shivering pitifully in the january chill and clinging to life by a thread. his rescuers called him rupert : a teddy bear name for a teddy bear temperament. despite what he has endured , rupert is a loving , affectionate soul who likes nothing more than to have the back of his head rubbed. sixteen-year-old elise , from eaton bray , bedfordshire , is just one of the many people finding that they can no longer keep up with the financial costs of keeping and looking after a horse.
it is always revealing to see how players respond to adversity and joe root has reacted magnificently to being left out of last year 's sydney test. i can remember players left out when i played having a moan in the dressing room and spouting nonsense about how they did not fit in. joe root showed plenty of grit , as well as talent , in yet another big innings for england. root has bounced back from a difficult ashes tour to prove himself as a quality test batsman. around four years ago i remember sitting next to graham thorpe on a bus journey and him quietly telling me that the young english batsman to watch out for was joe root.
these pictures show the moment a mercedes became sandwiched between two london buses following a four-vehicle pile-up in central london. two people were treated at the scene by paramedics following the crash in goodge street this morning. it forced the closure of the road near the junction with tottenham court road. scroll down for video. sandwiched : a mercedes , believed to have been operated as a minicab , became wedged between two london buses this morning. the four-vehicle crash happened in goodge street. long delays : the four-vehicle pile-up , which also involved an audi tt , forced the closure of the road near the junction with tottenham court road.
like many teenage girls , madison hurd had been dreaming of her prom all year. that is , until nurses and hurd 's friends brought prom right to her bed at the children 's hospital and medical center in omaha. after a sudden infection landed madison hurd , 16 , in the hospital and forced her to miss her high school 's prom , nurses and her friends brought the great gatsby-themed dance to her bed instead. nurses spent their day off doing hurd 's nails , makeup and hair , getting music and a cake , and decorating her room with streamers and balloons.
i raised my camera and began to photograph what could soon become an extinct pachyderm. the luxurious ulusaba game reserve is in south africa 's sabi sands and is sir richard branson 's private reserve. thankfully the female found my scrawny presence of absolutely no consequence , and instead wandered off in search of tastier herbivorous options. my mum -- sky tv presenter kay burley -- was sitting statue-still on board , having adopted her best nonchalant expression , but she was n't fooling either of us. the holiday at ulusaba , sir richard branson 's private game reserve in south africa 's sabi sands , was my reward for graduating.
robert downey jr has been accused of making a racist remark about an oscar-winning mexican director during an interview. the actor , who is promoting his new film avengers : age of ultron , was asked what he thought of alejandro gonzalez inarritu 's claim that superhero movies were ` cultural genocide '. the hollywood star told the guardian : ` look i respect the heck out of him. it comes just three days after the 50-year-old , who plays iron man in the film , walked out of an interview with britain 's channel 4 after interviewer krishnan guru-murthy talked about his history of drug abuse and his time in prison.
it 's long been known that earthquakes and their seismic activity contribute to this ringing , but researchers have now proved ocean waves also play a role. as so-called short waves collide near the surface they create weak microseismic waves , which combine with long , more powerful waves dragging across the ocean 's floor to create the constant hum. it 's long been known that earthquakes contribute to making the earth ring like a bell , but researchers have now proved ocean waves also play a role. as short waves collide near the surface they create weak microseismic waves , which combine with long waves on the ocean 's floor to create a constant hum.
it started out as a sweet family moment on a day trip to the zoo : a little girl beating her chest at a gorilla , safely separated by a pane of glass. but it seems the silverback at the nebraska zoo was less amused. the massive animal - who had been standing at the back of the enclosure - clearly decides enough is enough , and runs at the onlookers. playful : the little girl can be seen in the window beating her chest at one of the gorillas. heavy : the gorilla throws his entire weight at the pane of glass at omaha 's henry doorley zoo.
aubrey de grey -lrb- pictured -rrb- says ageing is a ` disease that can and should be cured ' with his rasputin beard and lines etched deep into his forehead , aubrey de grey looks like a man a lot older than his 51 years. it sounds bonkers but de grey 's theories have gained him some high-profile supporters in silicon valley , the super-rich tech enclave in northern california that is home to more middle-aged billionaires than anywhere else on the planet. paypal boss peter thiel -lrb- worth # 1.5 billion -rrb- donated # 2.4 million to de grey 's anti-ageing institute strategies for engineered negligible senescence -lrb- sens -rrb-.
a striking picture , taken by photographer kenji wardenclyffe , captured the explosive moment during a melbourne protest against the ` islamisation ' of australia. the dramatic scenes occurred after reclaim australia , an anti-islam group , organised protests at major cities across australia , which were countered by anti-racism activists who held rallies in the same locations. the reclaim australia event in melbourne was also crashed by neo-nazis , who spectacularly clashed with anti-racism groups. scroll down for video. a number of men with shaved heads and tattoos of the swastika -lrb- left -rrb- appeared at the event and attempted to start a fight with anti-racism protesters -lrb- right -rrb-.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- as art , film stills are often overlooked. the photographers tend to be anonymous ; it 's easy to imagine their work done by the director or cinematographer. their images are often lumped in with the promotional machinery : whether documenting the stars frolicking on set or getting down to business , it 's just another form of salesmanship. haas , one of the 20th century 's great photojournalists and image-makers -- an early member of the great magnum photos cooperative who was famous enough in his prime to have been the subject of a museum of modern art exhibit in 1962 -- was also a regular on movie sets.
sir nick faldo will now know for sure whether rory mcilroy is bulking up too much after appearing to give the world no 1 a squeeze during monday 's practice round at augusta national. after mcilroy was on the cover of men 's health magazine and admitted he was ` obsessed with the gym ' , faldo , a three-time masters winner , voiced his concern that the 25-year-old was spending too much time on the weights. ' sir nick faldo puts a hand on rory mcilroy 's shoulder during monday 's practice round ahead of the masters. mcilroy and three-time masters champion faldo greeted each other with a handshake at augusta national.
this is also the home of girl with a pearl earring , the ` dutch mona lisa '. but i am not only here for the vermeer , rembrandt and hals. much more than a village : the parliament building stands proud in the hague - a hidden gem of a city. there is the escher gallery -lrb- devoted to that geometry-defying genius -rrb- , the contemporary art gemeentemuseum and more. he is right : the hague , despite being home to holland 's royal family and an eye-catching parliament , was classed as a village until louis bonaparte -lrb- napoleon 's brother and king of holland -rrb- set up here in 1806.
australian mp andrew robb bravely revealed one of the unusual methods he used for more a decade to stave off depression. the minister for investment and trade , who battled depression for 43 years , appeared on abc 's q&a program , and said he tried to trick himself into thinking he was happy with an unconventional approach. scroll down for video. australian mp andrew robb bravely revealed one of the unusual methods he used for more a decade to stave of depression. ' mr robb also said he would force himself to sneeze by looking at the sun - which causes him to sneeze - because it would give him a ` hit of endorphins '.
it had seemed likely to be the moment amateur jockey lewis ferguson had dreamt of -- a first win on his first ride for new boss , champion trainer paul nicholls. but as he approaches the final fence of the john dufosee memorial hunter chase at wincanton , clear leader merrion square swerves and he loses his balance. as merrion square cleanly jumps the fence alongside him , the 18-year-old rider 's waist collides with the fence with such force that he pivots. 18-year-old amateur jockey lee ferguson is flung from his horse in spectacular fashion at wincanton. the jockey from hawick is propelled into an almost perfect 360 degree trajectory.
angela spent many years wearing high heel shoes. four years ago , a shopping trip was torture for angela kelly , 67. though still a super-fit events organiser , the former over-50s all england badminton mixed doubles champion was reduced to hobbling at a snail 's pace , hanging onto her trolley for support. in fact , she was suffering from the painful legacy of a lifetime wearing high heels. most women are well aware that wearing high heels for any length of time can result in sore feet , pinched toes and tight calf muscles. but a worrying new study by researchers in the u.s. suggests high heels can also put dangerous pressure on knee joints , wearing away cartilage - the body 's built-in shock absorber - and increasing the risk of osteoarthritis.
this too-close-for-comfort video shows a swirling ` landspout ' tornado tearing up the texas countryside from just 100 yards away. he took the footage with his friend ricky bailey while the two were out in a tractor on wednesday evening. scroll down for video. cole told local news station ktxs that he felt chunks of mud start hitting the vehicle , at which point the two hopped out and started filming. he said : ` perhaps 10 years in iraq and afghanistan , my danger meter needs to be recalibrated '. landspouts - the scientific term for tornadoes which are not part of a thunderstorm - can be difficult to capture on film.
a greedy mother who told a 13-year-old volunteer to ` f *** off ' was evicted from a family easter egg hunt after she took more than her fair share of chocolate treats. the woman in her mid - to late 30s , who is believed to have had two or three children participating , was at melbourne 's greatest ever easter egg hunt , which was run by zaidee 's rainbow foundation at caulfield racecourse on saturday. scroll down for video. a greedy mother at a charity easter egg hunt was booted out of the event after she swore at volunteers.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- jacob lawrence 's groundbreaking work , `` the migration of the negro , '' is a series of 60 small paintings with text depicting the lives of millions of pre-world war ii blacks as they moved from the oppressive south to the promise of a better life in the north. one frame in particular , no. 22 , shows three black men dressed in their sunday best , handcuffed , heads bowed standing in front of a window adorned with prison bars. `` another of the social causes of the migrants ' leaving was that at times they did not feel safe , or it was not the best thing to be found on the streets late at night.
all facebook users have them - those friends who are so in love with their newborn baby they clog up your news feed with constant doting updates. jade ruthven , 33 , of perth , western australia , was shocked when she found the scathing note claiming to be from ` a few of the girls ' , cruelly criticising her for posting photos of her six-month-old daughter addison on facebook. ` we all have kids that we are besotted with ... but we do n't ram it down everyone else 's neck !!! ' jade ruthven , 33 , of perth , western australia , was shocked when she found a scathing note criticising her for posting too many photos of her six-month-old daughter addison on facebook.
a sign on a diner window in oklahoma asking a homeless person who had been going through their rubbish to come for a free meal. the kindness of a diner owner who offered a free meal to a homeless person who had been searching through her rubbish has gone viral. ashley jiron , owner of p.b. jams in warr acres , oklahoma , noticed that someone had been looking for food in the bins behind her restaurant and decided try and get in contact with them. the notice read : ` to the person going through our trash for their next meal , you 're a human being and worth more than a meal from a dumpster.
comedian sarah silverman is encouraging women to understand their worth and ask for equal pay in a new campaign in which she recounts a time she was discriminated against because of her gender. the 44-year-old , who is known for her wicked sense of humor , gets serious for levo league 's ask4more campaign , which calls for women to request the salaries that they deserve in honor of equal pay day on april 14. but if you work a job , and a man is working the same job , you should be getting paid the same. ' scroll down for video.
when president obama met usain bolt he could not resist joining the world-class sprinter in striking his trademark ` lightning pose '. during the encounter on thursday , obama spoke about the six-time olympic champion saying ` nobody 's ever been faster than this guy. scroll down for video. when president obama -lrb- right -rrb- met usain bolt -lrb- left -rrb- he could not resist joining the world-class sprinter in striking his trademark ` lightning pose ' before striking bolt 's signature pose , obama praised him saying that ` nobody 's ever been faster ' bolt posted the video of him with obama to his instagram account on friday and said that he was honored to have met the u.s. president.
five time emmy-winning actress candice bergen , now 68 , confesses she was the highest paid actor in television for a lot of years after playing the title role in the hit cbs sitcom , murphy brown that ran for ten years starting in 1988. ` the job security was incredible. after the first year of the hit tv show , when she won the golden globe and emmy for best actress , her salary headed skyward for over ten years and she kept that fact a secret. financial secrets prevailed in her upbringing by her model / actress mother and her famous father , edgar bergen , best known for as ventriloquist who 's sidekick was dummy charlie mccarthy.
the worry for virgil van dijk is obvious. holland 's national team have already conceded more goals in five euro 2016 qualifiers than they lost in the entire qualifying campaign for the last world cup. and still guus hiddink never calls or writes. the celtic defender made it into two squads last year. virgil van dijk has been in fine form for celtic but was n't rewarded with a call-up to the holland national team. van dijk 's last call-up to the dutch side came last year though he has never been capped by his country. ` i saw stuart armstrong and callum mcgregor , ' he says in deadpan fashion.
eight coffins lined the stage of a maryland auditorium for the funeral services saturday for a family that died from carbon monoxide poisoning in their home earlier this month. the todd family - a 36-year-old father and his seven children aged six to 15 - were tragically killed as they slept in their princess anne home. father rodney todd was raising the children after divorcing their mother in november. scroll down for video. mourners file in as a viewing for rodney todd and his seven children is held on saturday at the ella fitzgerald performing arts center in princess anne , maryland.
made famous by their ` matchy matchy ' style and twin-like looks -lrb- despite the five year age difference -rrb- , the melbourne based fashion duo jess , 22 , and stef , 27 , dadon are now set to take their crazy style collaborations to a new level. the sisters have teamed up with ` print all over me ' - an innovative online new york-based company that allows you to digitally design your own prints - and buffalo shoes , the brand behind the spice girls ' trademark platforms. scroll down for video. quirky collab : sister duo jess and stef dadon have teamed up with new york company ' print all over me ' cocktails and creativity : the sisters are heading to la soon for summer to launch new shoe line ` twoobs ' the photo-shoot was their own idea , which according to jess they ` threw together ' because they did n't think the collaboration on its own had enough of their signature look that is all about over-the - top colours and accessories.
jordan henderson has provided liverpool with a lift after their fa cup heartache by agreeing a new long-term contract. the club 's vice-captain had 14 months remaining on his current contract and his advisors had been in talks with liverpool since the beginning of this season. his new deal will run to 2020. liverpool midfielder jordan henderson is set to sign a new long-term contract at anfield. henderson chases down aston villa 's jack grealish during liverpool 's fa cup semi-final defeat at wembley. henderson 's new deal is worth around # 100,000-a-week and will run until the summer of 2020.
vanessa moe 's debut showing at mercedes benz fashion week australia sees her stand among some of our most iconic labels and style forecasters. scroll down for video. wearable ? vanessa moe 's debut collection at mercedes benz fashion week australia featured plastic bag-like headwear. glistening under the overhead lights , front row guests could n't drag their eyes away from the polarising and somewhat dangerous accessories. one model , amanda ware , looked to have very little room to breathe , doing her best not to fog her vision for her turn down the runway. other pieces gave the illusion of water being thrown in the models ' faces.
a prisoner who helped stab a man in a random attack has been posting photographs of himself posing in his cell on facebook - just a day after another inmate was filmed partying in jail. royston coates , who is serving a 10-year sentence for wounding , boasted about watching tv from prison and showed off his muscles in a string of pictures. it is the second such incident to emerge within two days , after a murderer was caught drinking prison hooch in a video he shared online. scroll down for video. jail : prisoner royston coates has posted a string of photographs from inside his jail cell.
andres iniesta has praised manchester united boss louis van gaal for helping him make the breakthrough into the barcelona first team. van gaal was barca manager when iniesta made his debut for the spanish club during the 2002-03 campaign , and the spain international has admitted he is grateful to van gaal for placing trust in him to make his senior debut. ' i think my first team debut was the most important day , iniesta told barcelona 's youtube channel. louis van gaal gave andres iniesta his barcelona debut during the 2002-03 season. iniesta reflected on his impressive career while speaking to barcelona 's youtube channel.
but fritz the golden retriever from california appears to lack any eye-mouth co-ordination skills , as a new video shows. the pooch was filmed wearing bunny ears this easter trying - and miserably failing - to catch a hard-boiled egg between his teeth. slow-motion footage shows him licking his lips and enthusiastically leaping up to catch the treat. however , despite his best efforts , the egg narrowly misses his jaw , bounces off his chest and hits the grass instead. a defeated fritz is then seen hanging his head low , with his bunny ears falling to the ground. the pup has made quite a name for himself with his poor catching skills.
a bathtub dangles at a crazy angle. bricks are scattered everywhere. this was susan house 's beloved home after a huge explosion ripped off two of the walls and left the rest of the property on the brink of collapse. susan house amazingly survived a huge gas explosion that ripped through her farmhouse - because she was out walking her dogs at the time. fire crews were called after a tremendous blast was heard , blowing the back wall and windows out and causing substantial damage to the roof. ms house went for a stroll shortly before the detached property exploded yesterday afternoon , leaving a scene of destruction.
this week the world has been amazed by the story of a german pensioner who is pregnant with quadruplets at the age of 65. annegret raunigk , from berlin , is already a mother of 13 but decided to expand her family further after her youngest child told her : ' i want to have a little brother or sister. ' someone who understands annegret 's position well is britain 's older mother , sue tollefsen , from essex. scroll down for video. she gave birth to her only child , freya , in 2008 when she was aged 57. now seven , freya has often asked her mother if she could have a brother or sister and as a result , sue revealed that she did consider it.
louis van gaal celebrated his derby demolition in style on sunday night as he was snapped with manchester city women 's players toni duggan and isobel christiansen in a restaurant. duggan uploaded a photograph on instagram of her , christiansen and everton 's michelle hinnigan at wing 's chinese restaurant following united 's 4-2 win against their great rivals city , and wrote : ` heyyy louis van g !!!! nice to share a wings with you ... -lsb- sic -rsb-. duggan has since removed the photo from instagram and issued an apology on facebook. her apology read : ' i would like to apologise to all mcfc fans for the error of judgement i made last night.
adam rooney is determined to prevent a season of outstanding personal achievement from ending with a sting its tail. the prospect of watching celtic celebrate title glory inside pittodrie would , he admits , be a painful experience to bear. should the current eight-point gap between the teams remain intact , then ronny deila 's side will have the chance to clinch a fourth successive premiership crown when they head to the north-east on may 10. aberdeen striker adam rooney does not want to see celtic win the league on their patch on may 11. rooney , though , expects aberdeen to be fully motivated to prevent a green-and-white party from getting underway.
just how many water bottles does a man need when running ? if you 're the governor of the bank of england , the answer seems to be four. mark carney was spotted on a day off from helping to run the economy jogging in london 's hyde park sporting a high-tech running belt with no fewer than four water bottles. the keen runner , who training for the london marathon later this month , was wearing a nathan speed 4 fuel belt , which also features a zip pocket perfect for storing high-carb energy gel packs. the belt is available for $ 64.95 -lrb- # 35 -rrb- at kintec , a canadian sports retailer based in vancouver , suggesting mr carney , originally from canada , bought it before he moved to the uk.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- percy sledge , the r&b belter whose biggest hit , `` when a man loves a woman , '' became a cornerstone of soul music , died tuesday. sledge died in baton rouge , louisiana , said stephanie price of the east baton rouge parish coroner 's office. sledge died of natural causes , said east baton rouge parish coroner dr. william clark. he had been in hospice care for cancer , clark added. over a mournful , slowly rising instrumental track provided by organist spooner oldham , drummer roger hawkins and guitarist marlin greene -- key musicians of what became the muscle shoals sound , heard on countless soul records -- sledge crooned , pleaded and roared his way through the tune.
when a one direction fan got the chance to wash niall horan 's clothes , she wanted to make the most of the opportunity to get up close and personal to the star. ashleigh sokie was asked to wash the singer 's shirt and underwear while he was staying in augusta in georgia for the us masters , and then decided to try them on for size herself. the 20-year-old then took a photograph of herself in the star 's polo shirt and posted it on twitter. scroll down for video. ashleigh sokie was asked to wash one direction 's niall horan 's clothes and responded by trying on his polo shirt and posting a picture of herself wearing it -lrb- left -rrb- , next to a photo of the star wearing the same item -lrb- right -rrb-.
mr tuckett says his customers love the model t - the first affordable mass-produced car - because they do n't require need road tax or an mot and are cheaper to maintain than a modern car , with each one selling for around # 10,000. scroll down for video. toot : second-hand car dealer neil tuckett -lrb- pictured -rrb- has turned his back on the modern vehicle and only sells henry ford 's famous model t. top of the range : this 1914 model is # 24,750 and is one of around one a week sold by the buckinghamshire dealer. yours for # 13,500 : this 1917 model t is on the market and like all the classic cars they do n't require road tax or a mot.
by laura j snyder. the behaviour of dutch natural scientist antoni van leeuwenhoek was nothing if not eccentric. in 1677 , at the age of 41 , he embarked on an extraordinarily gruesome experiment , using his body as a guinea pig. antoni van leeuwenhoek -lrb- pictured in a portrait -rrb- used his body as a guinea pig in an experiment. he took three lice , nestled them among the hairs of his calf , rolled up a tight stocking so that the insects were bound to his leg and then left the stocking on and did not bathe for six days.
michael phelps is aiming to compete in a fifth olympics next year in rio , although the 18-time olympic champion wo n't swim in the world championships this summer. phelps confirmed his intention to make one last run at the olympics on wednesday. ` you guys heard it here first , ' he told reporters at skyline aquatic center , where he will be competing in his first meet since serving a six-month suspension by usa swimming after a second drunken driving arrest last fall. ' 18-time olympic champion michael phelps is aiming to compete in a fifth olympics next year in rio.
a photographer captured an intimidating site as he parachuted off the coast of south florida last week. photographer john massung was flying over sebastian inlet on thursday when he saw hundreds of sharks swarming just 100 feet from the beach. worst nightmare : a swarm of sharks was spotted off the coast of south florida last thursday. stay out of the water : when the following pictures were posted to facebook , users theorized that the swarm was a mix of blacktip and spinner sharks. swarm : blacktip and spinner sharks migrate each year to breed in shallower waters. they were heading north , ' massung told nbc miami.
the father of the little girl who starred in a photograph that sent the internet into a frenzy because of a mystery pair of boots has ` no idea ' what the object could be. martin springall , 38 , photographed his young daughter - who he wished not be named - standing near a rocky outcrop in zushi , japan , in july 2014. a trick of the light or paranormal forces at play ? there is chatter online about what the cause of this apparent black boot apparition is. eerie : a pair of black boots are clearly seen behind the little girl - even though her photographer father apparently does not recall a person standing there.
an indian-style bungalow that was built in sussex in the victorian era and preserved to maintain its 1880s facade has gone on the market for # 1million. pleasaunce cottage in dormans park near east grinstead has been lovingly upheld to how its first owners intended it in the 19th century. with wood paneling on indoor ceilings and a large veranda at its front , the unique property is one of the first ever bungalows built in the country. pleasaunce cottage in dormans park in east grinstead has gone on sale for almost # 1million. the property is one of the last surviving bungalows in britain that were built on the design of victorian houses in india.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- malala yousafzai 's stellar career has included a nobel peace prize. a nasa astrophysicist has named an asteroid after the teenage education activist from pakistan , who was gravely wounded by a pakistani taliban gunman for promoting the right of girls ' to go to school. it took a meticulous medical response to save her life more than two years ago. but malala recovered with no serious neurological damage to become a powerhouse for her cause. after reading her story , scientist amy mainzer , who also consults for pbs on a children 's educational science show , decided malala deserved to be immortalized.
the eminent plastic surgeon who treated acid attack victim katie piper molested another patient after getting drunk in his surgery , a tribunal was told yesterday. mohammad ali jawad , 56 , allegedly dimmed the lights , shut the blinds and asked her to dance to the music of julio iglesias before massaging her neck and touching her breasts. today a medical tribunal heard how he allegedly molested another patient at his surgery in marylebone , central london after getting drunk. the woman , known as patient a , told a hearing considering dr jawad 's fitness to practise that when she went to him for a consultation about treatment for facial scarring , she took a bottle of vodka from her native poland as a gift.
this dog 's certainly not setting a good example to the youngsters under her charge. gemma the pit bull was filmed at home in california being fed some treats. but in a bid to trick her , her owner throws a broccoli spear into the mix. immediately the canine pulls a look of disgust as she chomps on the vegetable. she then proceeds to spit it out on the floor. when she 's not filling her face , other videos show gemma enjoys sleeping and hanging out with her human family. yuck : gemma the pit bull was filmed at home in california being fed some treats , but in a bid to trick her , her owner throws a broccoli spear into the mix.
` my , my ! at waterloo napoleon did surrender , ' sang sweden 's fab four in their famous eurovision song contest winner. if benny and bjorn actually laboured under this surrendering misapprehension when they wrote their song -lrb- songwriters are not hot on facts -- happy to say anything as long as it rhymes -rrb- , they would have discovered the truth when they subsequently paid a visit to the wellington museum in waterloo , just south of brussels in belgium. view of hougoumont farmhouse from the lion 's mound or butte du lion on the battlefield of waterloo , belgium.
president barack obama invited the super bowl champion new england patriots to the white house on thursday - but could n't help but get one last deflategate joke in. the president opened his speech on the south lawn by remarking ` that whole -lrb- deflategate -rrb- story got blown out of proportion , ' referring to an investigation that 11 out of 12 footballs used in the afc championship game were under-inflated. ' scroll down for video. boo ! hiss ! president barack obama elicited groans and a thumbs down from head coach bill belichick after cracking a deflategate joke while honoring the super bowl champion new england patriots.
right now , you may feel that you know the inside of david cameron 's kitchens -- yes , both of them -- better than your own. two weeks ago the prime minister let the bbc film him preparing lunch at his home in his oxfordshire constituency. scroll down for video. breakfast time : david and samantha cameron talk to their nine-year-old son elwen in tonight 's itv film. making a point : mr cameron chats with his children over the no 10 breakfast table during the itv show. and tonight you can see the downing street kitchen all over again as they once more gather round the breakfast table -lrb- white marble and costing # 750 -rrb- , this time for the cameras of itv news.
forget chicken fingers and fries -- neil patrick harris and david burtka 's twins prefer much more foodie-approved fare than the average four-year-old. in a recent interview , david , 39 , explained how being a personal chef and graduate of the famed le cordon bleu cooking school has helped him to influence his children 's culinary tastes. they have incredible palates. ' scroll down for video. say cheese : neil patrick harris and david burtka 's adorable twins love food and have unusually refined palates for four-year-olds , including a love for seafood and spices. shared duties : chef david does most of the cooking in the harris-burtka house , but neil serves as bartender for company and helps david create the perfect presentation.
forget the must-have wine cellar , hot-tub or # 1,700 italian coffee-maker -- the latest domestic fashion is for private home cinemas. celebrities with a home cinema include the sherlock actor benedict cumberbatch , retail tycoon sir philip green and chelsea fc owner roman abramovich. forget the must-have wine cellar , hot-tub or # 1,700 italian coffee-maker -- the latest domestic fashion is for private home cinemas. a planning application submitted for their 1860s home in london 's holland park shows drawings for a lower-groundfloor ` cinema room '. and the word ` cinema ' -- suggestive of a large scale -- is entirely appropriate.
but what appears to be the final resting place of childhood toys is , in fact , a hospital where dolls in need of repair are given a new lease of life. the hospital of dolls , or ospedale delle bambole as it is known in rome , was built by the squatriti family 60 years ago and today their descendants , federico squatriti , 52 , and his 82-year-old mother gelsomina continue the family tradition. scroll down for video. painstaking : gelsomina squatriti , 82 , works to restore a doll 's leg in the studio in rome , italy , which was set up 60 years ago by her relatives.
a melbourne based couple learnt this the hard way after a crowdfunding page they launched received a baffling pledge for over $ 2 billion. within an hour , the momentous donation to a kangaroo preservation project launched by ecologists euan ritchie and jen martin had vanished , and they still have n't been able to track down the would-be benefactor. scroll down for video. euan ritchie and jen martin 's crowdfunding page they launched received a baffling pledge for over $ 2 billion. ` my initial reaction was shock and disbelief , ' euan ritchie told daily mail australia. ' the couple decided to make the page after indigenous tribes from the northern territory told them kangaroos from the region were disappearing at an alarming rate.
pele and franz beckenbauer were reunited on friday to light up the empire state building in new york cosmos green ahead of the start of the new season. as has become tradition , the top of the iconic building in new york has turned green for the weekend to celebrate the start of cosmos ' north american soccer league season , and the occasion was marked by two very special guests. beckenbauer and pele are two of the greatest footballers ever to have lived , and the pair played for new york cosmos together in the late 1970s. franz beckenbauer -lrb- left -rrb- and pele -lrb- centre -rrb- were reunited in new york on friday afternoon.
petrol heads suffering top gear withdrawals will be pleased to know the car show-sized hole in their lives will soon be filled by the return of for the love of cars for a second series. the channel 4 programme , hosted by actor philip glenister and car designer ant anstead , celebrates the duo 's love affair with classic cars. a teaser from the first episode shows glenister -- perhaps most recognisable behind the wheel of a red audi quattro while playing gene hunt in ashes to ashes -- test driving an aston martin vantage. revving the engine before taking off at speed around a winding country road , glenister appears to wipe the colour from anstead 's face before stating : ` this is bond.
richie benaud has passed away at the age of 84 after a short battle with skin cancer but the man who spoke with an unrivalled blend of insight , authority and wit from commentary boxes at cricket matches across the globe will always be remembered. here , sportsmail recounts 10 of his finest moments from his broadcasting career. richie benaud , one of cricket 's great personalities , has died at the age of 84 after battling skin cancer. 1. benaud was on hand to talk viewers through shane warne 's first test delivery for australia in england in the 1993 ashes , which turned out to be a stunning dismissal of mike gatting.
a new york taxi driver has been ordered to pay a lesbian couple $ 10,000 in damages after he told them to stop kissing in the back of his cab. mohammed dahbi discriminated against actress kassie thornton and her tv executive partner christy spitzer after ordering them to ` keep that behavior for the bedroom '. outraged : mohammed dahbi was accused of discrimination after ordering actress kassie thornton and her tv executive partner christy spitzer to stop kissing and ` keep that behavior for the bedroom '. he was ordered to pay the couple $ 10,000 in fines. he claimed during the city 's office of administrative trials and hearings they were ` touching each other all over ' and ` kissing heavily '.
one of britain 's biggest babies has been born - to a mum who asked for no pain relief. brave danielle davies gave birth to harley at nearly 12lb following an eight hour labour without any drugs. danielle had insisted on a natural birth - not realising she was about to deliver a massive baby. scroll down for video. daniel goldstone , danielle davies and their son harley , who weighed 11lb 5oz at birth. newborn harley from morecambe , lancs , weighs 11lb 5oz , and already fits into clothes designed for babies aged three to six months. new mum danielle , 21 , said : ` all the midwives could n't believe how big he was , he was the talk of the hospital.
but in one residential street , a local refuse collector has been exposed as a rogue litterer , dumping plastic bin bags in an alleyway. his antics were captured on cctv installed by frustrated residents in oldham , manchester , who had noticed the rubbish piling up. residents confused over who had been dumping bags full of rubbish in an alley next to their street were stunned when cctv revealed a binman. rather than load the bags into his lorry , the bin man was filmed lifting them out of dustbins along park road in glodwick before tossing them down an alley.
a woman who chartered her own weightloss success with body selfies found it so beneficial , she launched an app offering others the chance to do the same thing. charlotte li , 26 , from london , decided to design healthy selfie with her husband joe after they both achieved incredible results taking photos of their bodies while on a health kick. scroll down for video. charlotte reveals how taking selfies helped her to stay motivated to get fit and stay in shape. charlotte said : ` with no holidays on the horizon and hence no impending bikini body exposure to panic about , we needed something else to give us some motivation to get in the gym.
a hilarious note left by a chip shop owner for his customers when he went on holiday with his wife has gone viral. ' in the note , which was in the window of an undisclosed chippy in london , the unnamed owner laments the fact that he has to go youth hosteling with his family. this is the hilarious note which was left in a chip shop window was circulated on twitter this week , in it the owner of the chip shop laments the fact that he was going youth hosteling. in black pen he writes : ` this shop will be closed for 1 week.
the saviour of english football turns out to be a long-haired argentinian who tripped michael owen to give away the penalty that david beckham converted in the 2002 world cup finals. mauricio pochettino , 43 , who has long since lost the flowing locks in favour of something a little more in keeping with his managerial status , has gathered a considerable reputation since arriving in england just over two years ago. he is also becoming the manager for whom young englishmen wish to play , as exclusive research by the mail on sunday proves. mauricio pochettino could be the saviour of english football thanks to his faith in homegrown talent.
jose mourinho 's return was the answer to john terry 's prayers. mourinho said sunday 's game at the emirates was the best terry had ever played. that was a pat on the back for his captain but also justification for mourinho 's faith in playing him. terry is in a real purple patch and his reading of the game is better than ever. all of their good work means he is in prime position each time to make the telling tackle or interception. john terry -lrb- left -rrb- was in inspiring form in the chelsea defence as his side kept a clean sheet against arsenal.
steve peters , the sports psychiatrist called on by a number of top stars , will play a key role in keeping troubled england batsman jonathan trott focused in the caribbean. trott has made a nightmare return to the test side 18 months since situational anxieties saw him quit the ashes tour -- falling cheaply in both innings in the first test in antigua and finding his ` on the move ' batting technique under strong scrutiny. jonathan trott has endured a nightmare return to test cricket with some poor performances in the first test. but the double failure will be a big challenge for trott , with peters 's assistance , to continue ` to keep a proper prospective on life and cricket ' which he said he was doing before the test , rather than having ` unrealistic expectations about his batting , ' which he had in australia.
he is a world cup winner , spanish football legend , and one of the most recognisable faces in the classy barcelona cf outfit. and now tourists are being offered the chance to walk in the footsteps of andrés iniesta after he listed his beautiful spanish vineyard on airbnb. the world class midfielder took to twitter to advise that his the ` bodega iniesta ' vineyard he owns in castilla-la mancha can be rented out. spain and barcelona midfielder andrés iniesta is renting out his vineyard on airbnb. and it 's a snip of a price to tread paths made by one of the beautiful game 's best players at $ 125 -lrb- # 90 -rrb- a night.
five-month-old elijah is ` the happiest baby ever ' , according to his mother. but doctors say he probably wo n't live to see his second birthday because of a fatal genetic illness. his heartbroken mum jessica and dad andrew mccrae have pledged to do everything they can to make sure the little boy from penrith , in sydney 's west , lives a full life , compiling a 30-item bucket list for their son to complete before he passes away. from a road trip to queensland to watching the sunrise and set with him , jessica told daily mail australia the family are planning to show elijah as much of the world as they can in his final days.
and yet just as this latest health food is supposed to be transforming our lives , battling high cholesterol and heart attacks , it is having a ruinous effect on the planet. the nut that frequently appears in the bible as a symbol of fruitfulness and promise has been dubbed ` the devil 's nut ' , pinpointed as the chief culprit in an eco-disaster that is developing in california. the so-called golden state is increasingly turning a dirty brown colour due to a devastating drought that is in its fourth year. although it 's tempting to blame all those irresponsible californians filling their huge swimming pools and watering their lawns with abandon , domestic water consumption is dwarfed by that of agriculture.
filipe luis insists he wants to stay at chelsea until the end of his contract , despite atletico madrid considering bringing him back in the summer. the full back signed a three-year contract when he moved from the spanish champions last july , but has struggled to make the left back position his own at stamford bridge. atletico hope that may give them leverage , but luis said : ` i 'm happy at chelsea. ' filipe luis insists he wants to stay at chelsea -lrb- right -rrb- , despite atletico madrid considering re-signing him. luis played in brazil 's friendly wins against france and chile during the international break , but attentions now turn to the premier league title run-in.
italians embrace the cricket world cup -lrb- yes , really -rrb- , a neville takes charge of england and it 's not looking good for the rickies. cricket world cup. a spellbinding tournament that reached in to places we could n't have imagined , last weekend 's gazzetta dello sport magazine in italy even carried a centre spread photograph of australia 's david warner. imagine how good the whole thing would have been had england been playing. from melbourne to milan ... they all knew about australia 's triumph in the cricket world cup. much disdain from the establishment for the new ecb chief 's talk of four-day test matches but at least he 's thinking.
kevin pietersen has thrown his support behind former team-mate michael vaughan as the right man to ` change the brand of cricket currently being played ' in england. ten years on from his career-defining captaincy in the 2005 ashes , vaughan is the hot favourite to be appointed as director of england cricket , a streamlined version of the managing director 's job which was abolished with paul downton 's sacking on wednesday. former england batsman kevin pietersen believes michael vaughan is the right man to lead england cricket. pietersen received the lion 's share of attention during a photocall for his new club surrey.
she 's a professional equestrienne and was happy to have a go at wheelchair rugby , a sport nicknamed ` murder ball ' , during last september 's invictus games. now zara tindall , 33 , has turned her hand to barrel-pulling - and laughingly pretended to pull her 16st 6ft rugby player husband mike along while striking a pose for the cameras. the moment came during a charity event to mark the end of personal trainer rob edmond 's marathon barrel-roll from perthshire to wiltshire. edmond , who set off nine days and 517 miles ago , rolled the whisky barrel for 12 hours a day , only stopping to sleep and take part in comedy gigs at pubs along the way.
fighting between rival fans forced a russian premier league match between arsenal tula and torpedo moscow to be stopped for seven minutes on sunday. a statement on arsenal 's official site read : ` in the 31st minute , fans from the visiting moscow club broke down barriers in front of the visitors sector and tried to get to the east stand , where a number of women and children were sitting. fans fight leading to arsenal tula vs torpedo moscow to be suspended for seven minutes on sunday. torpedo moscow fans broke down barriers and threw chairs , according to arsenal tula 's website.
we 've seen hot dudes reading , hot dudes drinking coffee , and even hot dudes posing like cats -lrb- yes this is a real thing , ask google. but a new instagram account gives them all a run for their money by showcasing buff , often topless , men cuddling their adorable pet pups. a treat for those who love both man and man 's best friend , hot dudes with dogs has picked up quite a pace since launching a month ago. scroll down for video. new instagram account hot dudes with dogs features men looking hot while posing with dogs.
a woman 's noisy neighbour has issued a withering reply to her hand-written letter complaining about his hard-partying ways , claiming only the deaf and ` those buried in the cemetery ' would have any concerns with the noise coming for his home. the man 's sarcastic response comes after melbourne-based actor , lucy gransbury , wrote a two-page rant claiming her neighbours were keeping her awake at night. gransbury thought the good-humoured note worked wonders after an entire week of uninterrupted sleep until she was woken again just before dawn the following sunday. scroll down for video. he went onto apologise for the the ' music festivals and comedy galas ' and added that the deaf man and those buried in the cemetery 4kms away , that gransbury had referred to , awake occasionally.
the easter holidays mean days off work and a chance to spend precious time with the family. scotland. keep your little ones entertained for hours with probably the world 's largest easter egg hunt in the maze at traquair castle. scotland 's oldest inhabited castle also hosts drumming and singing , egg decorating , storytelling and an easter bonnet parade. little monkeys can perfect their mischief making skills with an easter weekend of merriment , mirth and tomfoolery at stirling castle. free with entry to the castle -lrb- from # 8.70 -rrb- ; april 3 and 4 ; stirling castle ; stirling castle , castle esplanade , stirling , fk8 1ej ; 01786 450 000 ; stirlingcastle.gov.uk.
chelsea 's eden hazard and arsenal 's santi cazorla are set to reach a premier league milestone this weekend when they each make their 100th appearance. both players have been hugely influential since they moved to london in the summer of 2012 , but who has been the most exciting import to watch ? here , sportsmail 's reporters choose the player they most enjoy seeing in action. eden hazard -lrb- l -rrb- and santi cazorla are both set to make their 100th premier league appearance this weekend. cazorla has wonderful balance. cazorla scores important goals. cazorla is two-footed. cazorla dances past opponents.
almost two weeks on from liverpool 's wretched afternoon against manchester united at anfield , it would appear that lessons have already been learned. asked about a setback that may yet cost brendan rodgers and his players a place in next season 's champions league , the club 's midfielder joe allen was rueful. ` they were ready to go and maybe we were n't , ' allen told a young supporter at melwood this week. ' joe allen battles it out with ander herrera during liverpool 's premier league defeat to man united at anfield. liverpool midfielder allen spoke to sportsmail 's ian ladyman at liverpool 's melwood training ground.
ahead of this weekend 's premier league action , sportsmail will be providing you with all you need to know about every fixture , with team news , provisional squads , betting odds and opta stats. here is all the information you need for manchester united 's home clash with aston villa ... manchester united vs aston villa -lrb- old trafford -rrb-. manchester united. striker robin van persie is out of manchester united 's barclays premier league match against aston villa with an ankle injury. left-back luke shaw has recovered from a hamstring problem , but centre-back chris smalling is a big doubt due to illness.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- she predicted events that unfolded in the middle east well before they happened. and her book on iraq became required reading for many military leaders trying to understand the country. veteran journalist and author sandra mackey died sunday , her son , colin mackey , said. she was 77. she was an undercover reporter working for u.s. newspapers from saudi arabia as her husband , dr. dan mackey , worked in a riyadh hospital. for four years , she hid her writing from the authorities and smuggled her stories out of the country to get around saudi arabia 's prohibition on foreign journalists.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- it takes a village to raise a triathlete. since returning home from our kickoff weekend where we got to experience life as a full-time triathlete , i 've been juggling training life with a full-time job , hectic commute and time with friends and family. jae rockwell , the founder of my local women 's fitness groups , women run the world , posted this mantra to help us keep ourselves accountable. annastasia w. , who 's training for her first ironman half-triathlon this summer , suggested a group brick workout at our local gym. she invited several other women , including complete newbies , through the soletri sisters facebook group and 10 of us met up on a cold chicago morning to swim for 15 minutes , bike for 30 minutes and run for 15 minutes.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- sawyer sweeten grew up before the eyes of millions as a child star on the endearing family sitcom `` everybody loves raymond. '' early thursday he committed suicide , his sister madylin sweeten said in a statement. `` this morning a terrible family tragedy has occurred , '' madylin sweeten said in a statement passed on by her manager dino may. `` we are devastated to report that our beloved brother , son , and friend , sawyer sweeten , took his own life. he was weeks away from his 20th birthday. '' sweeten , best known for his role geoffrey barone , was visiting family in texas , entertainment industry magazine hollywood reporter reported , where he is believed to have shot himself on the front porch.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- according to an outside review by columbia journalism school professors , '' -lrb- a -rrb- n institutional failure at rolling stone resulted in a deeply flawed article about a purported gang rape at the university of virginia. '' the columbia team concluded that `` the failure encompassed reporting , editing , editorial supervision and fact-checking. the magazine 's managing editor , will dana , wrote , `` we would like to apologize to our readers and to all of those who were damaged by our story and the ensuing fallout , including members of the phi kappa psi fraternity and uva administrators and students.
in this day and age , everything is personalised - from alarm clocks that measure your perfect amount of sleep to fashion brands that use social media to connect with each individual customer. the newest generation of beauty products will be personalised to meet all your particular needs - from bespoke mascaras and eyeliners to foundations and powders unique to you. scroll down for video. the newest generation of beauty products will be personalised to meet all your particular needs. eyeko london 's bespoke mascara -lrb- # 28 -rrb- comes in dozens of brush shapes. eyeko london is just one brand taking advantage of the trend with the launch of its new bespoke mascara -lrb- # 28 -rrb- , offering more than 100 different combinations of brush shape and formula to suit your lashes.
alan pardew says sunderland should be more concerned about his in-form crystal palace side than his past as newcastle manager this saturday. palace beat manchester city on monday night and have ambitions of finishing in the barclays premier league 's top 10 this season. pardew was the first newcastle boss to suffer four successive defeats to sunderland , who last weekend won a fifth tyne-wear derby in a row , but is now only thinking about palace. the stadium will be wary of us , the 11 players on the pitch , ' pardew said. glenn murray -lrb- second from right -rrb- celebrates with his team-mates after scoring against manchester city.
a utah couple who had been married for 74 years died five hours apart. madelyn yensen , 94 , of salt lake city , died just after 4pm before her husband passed away at 9.30 pm. just after her mother died , carol bradford went to see her 95-year-old father at a care center and told him the news. ' i leaned over and whispered in his ear , `` mom has passed , and she 's waiting for you in heaven , '' ' bradford said. ' shortly after her visit on april 7 , bradford 's father died of heart failure.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- since iran 's islamic revolution in 1979 , women have been barred from attending most sports events involving men. but the situation appears set to improve in the coming months after a top iranian sports official said that the ban will be lifted for some events. a plan to allow `` women and families '' to enter sports stadiums will come into effect in the next year , deputy sports minister abdolhamid ahmadi said saturday , according to state-run media. according to the state-run press tv , ahmadi said the restrictions would be lifted for indoor sports events.
authorities say a tree has crashed into a car driven by a woman in her 60s , killing her. the cincinnati enquirer reports that the tree fell onto the car around 4 p.m. sunday. photos show a large tree resting across the crushed vehicle. cincinnati police officer douglas swingley tells the newspaper the woman was the only occupant. scroll down for video. cincinnati woman jacqueline carr , 65 , was killed when a tree smashed her vehicle. wcpo reports the woman was later identified as jacqueline carr , age 65. leonard washington of price hill tells the newspaper he saw the woman driving moments before the tree fell.
a top executive at goldman sachs secretly filmed colleagues to record their ` sexist ' behaviour when she became pregnant. sonia pereiro-mendez says she was denied millions in pay and bonuses when she announced she was expecting her first child. male colleagues at the bank were promoted ahead of her and she was ` mocked ' and subjected to ` gratuitous derogatory ' comments about her childcare arrangements , she alleges. so in an attempt to prove her claim , she recorded managers at the global investment firm ` without their knowledge ' , a tribunal heard yesterday. the executive director in distressed investing -- which concerns companies in financial difficulties -- is suing her employer for sex and maternity discrimination.
a woman who was arrested and charged with manslaughter for a crash that caused the death of a 5-year-old child showed no remorse for her actions according to court records. aaronessa keaton of phoenix , arizona was eight months pregnant and had marijuana and benzodiazepines in her system when she collided head-on with a car carrying two children in february 2014 , and one of the children later died from their injuries. ' aaronessa keaton -lrb- above -rrb- was arrested monday and charged with manslaughter for a 2014 accident that resulted in the death of a 5-year-old child. keaton hit another car head-on -lrb- above -rrb- while she was eight months pregnant and had marijuana and benzodiazepines in her system.
but for those with dementia there is no such relief. today , in the third part of our major good health series on dementia , we look at ways to help minimise the impact of these memory problems , to prolong independence and help those with dementia live as full a life as possible. scroll down for video. older people find it harder to reach a deeper sleep - but they still need just as much. getting overtired : if the brain is tired , it affects the memory even for those without dementia. during deep sleep , brain waves move memories from the hippocampus - the area of the brain that is involved in short-term memory - to the prefrontal cortex at the front of the brain , where long-term memories are stored.
actor ryan reynolds was the victim of a hit-and-run in a hotel parking lot , according to his publicist and vancouver police. the incident took place on friday when the 38-year-old was struck by a car while walking in the residential parking garage of the shangri-la hotel , but he was left uninjured. ` while walking , ryan was struck by a paparazzi driving a car through an underground parking garage , ' publicist leslie sloane said on sunday. ' scroll down for video. actor ryan reynolds -lrb- above -rrb- was the victim of a hit-and-run in a hotel parking lot , according to his publicist and vancouver police.
when scottish student caitlin mcneill , 21 , posted a photo of a blue and black dress that looked white and gold from some angles , it sparked an internet debate so furious even a-listers could n't resist getting involved. now another internet dress furore has begun , this time over the colour of scottish national party leader nicola sturgeon 's dress. the snp stalwart , 44 , wore the opinion-splitting ensemble , which has variously been described as blue , grey and green , for her appearance on the bbc contenders ' debate last night. scroll down for video. going for grey : a viewer takes to twitter to insist the dress he saw was grey.
the family of everybody loves raymond actor sawyer sweeten are said to be in ` absolute shock ' at the child star taking his own life because he exhibited no suicidal warning signs , his manager said. sweeten , 19 , shot himself in the head while visiting a family member 's home in texas on thursday morning. his manager , dino may , told us weekly there were no signs of trouble prior to him taking his own life in the upstairs part of the house while family members were downstairs. scroll down for videos. shock death : child star , sawyer sweeten , seen riding on a motorcycle last month , killed himself while visiting family in texas yesterday.
floyd mayweather and manny pacquiao are less than two weeks away from playing their part in the richest fight in boxing history. here , sportsmail takes a look at the two men 's achievements , in and out of the ring , ahead of their $ 300m mega-fight on may 2. floyd mayweather. manny pacquiao. 47. 55.32. wbc super-featherweight , wbc lightweight , wbc light-welterweight , ibf welterweight , wbc welterweight , wbc light-middleweight , wba light-middleweight. mayweather does not earn any money from endorsements , although companies such as at&t and corona have sponsored his fights. since leaving top rank in 2006 , mayweather has looked after his own interests and negotiated a 60-40 split in his favour for his fight against pacquiao.
she is best known for her world war ii saga , the cazalet chronicles , but novelist elizabeth jane howard had a passion for history of a considerably more ancient kind. the novelist , who died in 2014 aged 90 , amassed a spectacular collection of greek , egyptian and roman jewellery during her lifetime , among them pieces up to 3,500 years old. collector : elizabeth jane howard , pictured with kingsley amis , collected ancient jewellery. howard , a former model who became the second wife of lucky jim novelist kingsley amis in 1965 , adored historic jewellery and , despite its great age , was regularly photographed in it.
tiny robots , the size of an a4 sheet , are being programmed to lift cars that are up to two tonnes in weight. working together , these creepy machines are able to sneak up unnoticed and silently remove their target from the scene. tiny robots , the size of an a4 sheet , are being programmed to lift cars that are up to two tons in weight. the robots , collectively called avert , are the creation of a european consortium led by the democritus university of thrace in greece. a ` autonomous multi-robot system for vehicle extraction and transportation ' -lrb- avert -rrb- computer first selects a vehicle to be moved after cameras have mapping the area in detail.
the wife of la angels player josh hamilton has revealed she was ` blindsided ' by his decision to file for divorce and insists she has never been unfaithful. real housewives of orange county star katie said there was no ` big fight or blow up ' which caused their marriage to end. speaking to tmz sports she said ` nothing sparked it ' and slammed reports she cheated on the slugger as ` entirely false '. ' hamilton filed for divorce from his wife two months ago - around the same time he admitted to an alcohol and drugs relapse , it has emerged.
republican presidential candidate rand paul , on the defensive after a set of acrimonious exchanges with female journalists including , is denying that he has a problem with women. i 'll own up to that , ' the kentucky senator told cnn anchor wolf blitzer yesterday , responding to accusations of sexism that bubbled up following his wednesday morning dust up with today host savannah guthrie. paul , who announced his bid for the oval office on tuesday , admitted that he needs to ` have more patience ' with reporters , even if he 's ` annoyed ' with them while maintaining that ` interviews should be questions and not editorializing.
it 's the nation famed for its gastronomy which gave birth to haute cuisine and the michelin guide. but almost three quarters of all dishes served in french bistros , brasseries and cafes are shipped in from a factory and microwaved , according to a top restaurateur. xavier denamur sparked fury after he exposed france as a country of microwave cheats and even went as far as to compare chefs ' corner-cutting as being the culinary equivalent of a low-cost airline. ` the microwave has become the chef 's best friend , ' he told the times. unesco has named france 's ` gastronomic meal ' a world treasure and the country still welcomes more tourists than any other nation.
the desperate parents of a boy whose head hangs at a 180-degree angle have admitted they would rather he died than continue to suffer. mahendra ahirwar , 12 , from madhya pradesh in central india , suffers from a rare condition that makes his neck bend and his head hang from his body. undiagnosed : mahendra ahirwar 's parents say they would rather see him dead than suffer the way he is now. mahendra 's mother sumitra ahirwar , pictured here with her son , says watching his life is ` devastating ' his father mukesh ahirwar , 40 , and mother sumitra ahirwar , 35 , who both work as labourers when they can , say they have consulted more than 50 doctors across india but none could diagnose his condition.
sir nick faldo and tom watson will make their final open appearances in front of the largest arena in the championship 's 155-year history at st andrews in july. three-time winner faldo has confirmed he will cross the famous swilcan bridge for the final time on the 25th anniversary of his victory on the old course , having also lifted the claret jug at muirfield in 1987 and 1992. faldo , whose 58th birthday falls on the saturday of the championship , said : ` the open and st andrews will forever hold a significant place in my heart. sir nick faldo -lrb- left -rrb- and tom watson will compete at the open for the last time at st andrews in july.
as the countdown continues to floyd mayweather 's mega-fight with manny pacquiao in las vegas on may 2 , the money man 's daughter iyanna mayweather has shared her thoughts about life in training with her champion father. mayweather vs pacquiao will generate revenue upwards of $ 300 million in what is being billed as the most lucrative bout in boxing history and , ahead of the may showdown , iyanna mayweather offered some insight into her dad 's intense training regime. iyanna mayweather has been spending time in her father floyd 's training camp. iyanna watches on as her champion dad gets through another gruelling training session.
150 outgoing art fans have taken part in national gallery of australia 's first ever naked art tour , stripping off their clothes for an adult-only after-hours viewing experience. the first hour-long tour through the nga 's current exhibition , ` james turrell : a retrospective ' , took place on wednesday night , in a no-frills approach to art led by melbourne-based artist stuart ringholt. scroll down for video. 150 art fans took part in a nude tour of an exhibition at the national gallery of australia on wednesday evening. ' ringholt , the tour guide for the retrospective , which highlights the 70-year-old american artist 's 50 years of work , said the experience creates an ` educational state ' for viewing the art.
police searched an area near a ford motor company plant in michigan on sunday for clues related to the disappearance of a woman who was last seen at halloween wearing a poison ivy costume. chelsea ellen bruck , 22 , has been missing almost six months , police said. monroe county sheriff 's major jeff kemp reported that the search was arranged after investigators received a tip from a citizen about the area in flat rock. he declined to discuss media reports that part of chelsea 's costume were found. scroll down for video. a new search was conducted on sunday in the case of missing chelsea ellen bruck , 22 , who was last seen dressed as batman villain poison ivy at a halloween party on october 25 attended by around 800 people.
a canal bank beneath a busy flyover might not rank as paradise. the confused bird was seen swimming in the grand union canal earlier this month after apparently flying into london along the thames. this puzzled puffin was spotted flying into london along the thames , close to the a4 flyover at brentford. the distinctive bird with an orange beak was spotted by an eagle-eyed canal boat resident. the puffin was given some fish and wrapped in a blanket , before being handed to a specialist centre in dorset to recuperate. more commonly seen in iceland and the north atlantic , it was spotted near the a4 flyover at brentford.
this is the moment that two total strangers who could pass for identical twins came face to face for the first time. niamh geaney , a 26-year-old student and tv presenter , found her 29-year-old doppleganger after she teamed up with two friends to launch a project called twin strangers. the aim of the social media experiment was to see which of the three could find their closest lookalike within 28 days and it attracted submissions to their website ` twin-strangers. scroll down for video. this is the moment that niamh geaney , right , met her doppleganger , karen branigan , left for the first time.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- a massive brawl involving two dozen people at a queens , new york , casino was captured on video friday night. the cell phone video shows a number of men throwing punches and even chairs into crowds of people. the fight took place in the food court area of resorts world casino where approximately 300 people were still at the scene when police arrived , according to the new york police department. one witness told cnn affiliate wcbs the scene was `` chaotic '' and compared it to a world wrestling entertainment event. the brawl took place in front of fat tuesday , which opened at the food court friday.
when it comes to the coachella festival , a number of suspect looks crop up each year including hippie ensembles , outlandish headgear and plenty of skin - and 2015 has been no exception. from the couple who wore matching american flag leotards to the man who sported a loincloth over speedos , could this be the worst year for coachella street style yet ? scroll down for video. one woman spotted was nude except for a minute chainmail band slung around her hips , two silver star stickers covering her nipples and a breezy shrug. another was dressed in a strappy monokini , essentially leaving her practically naked apart from a pair of sturdy boots , a beaded headband , shades and a sheer white printed kimono.
the ex-king of spain , juan carlos , was leading a double life and having an affair with a german aristocrat for the last ten years of his reign , according to a new book that claims they were ' a couple , pure and simple '. the bombshell allegation is that juan carlos was romancing corinna zu sayn-wittgenstein and was so smitten with her that he even contemplated divorcing his wife , sofia , according to final de partida -- or end game -- by ana romero , which sold out within 24 hours. ' scroll down for video. the former king juan carlos greets corinna sayn-wittgenstein in at an awards ceremony in barcelona in may 2006 : a new book claims that they have been lovers for a decade.
this is the drill that was used by thieves during the # 60million hatton garden heist over the easter weekend. the gang used the power tool to cut through the wall of the secured vault where they raided 72 security boxes before escaping with wheelie bins full of precious gems. the photograph of the hilti dd350 drill was released tonight by scotland yard as the officer in charge of the investigation said the crime had been carried out by an ` ocean 's 11 type team '. police are offering a # 20,000 reward for information leading to the arrest and conviction of those involved in the raid.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- just over a month ago , kamron taylor sat in an illinois courtroom to hear a jury convict him of murder. early wednesday morning , taylor sat in an illinois jail. ready to pounce. when he did , his victim was a correctional officer making his rounds , according to kankakee county sheriff timothy bukowski. taylor beat up the guard , put on his uniform and took his keys. he then walked out of the jail 's door and into the officer 's brown 2012 chevrolet equinox suv. the equinox was discovered around 8:30 a.m. -lrb- 9:30 a.m. et -rrb- in kankakee , but without any sign of the convicted murderer who drove it.
swafford had an 11-under 133 total at tpc louisiana. jason day , ranked sixth in the world , was 5 under for the round through 14 holes , pulling him into a five-way tie for third at 10 under with brandon de jonge , cameron tringale , former zurich champion jerry kelly and daniel berger. hudson swafford watches his tee shot on the 18th hole on day two at the zurich classic. second-round play was scheduled to resume saturday at 8 a.m. cdt. the field remained tightly packed with birdies seemingly harder to come by friday. many players cited a combination of wind , soggy turf from recent rain and thick , swampy air as reasons for the course to play even longer than usual.
watch as this brazen thief allegedly steals a donation box ahead of anzac day from an rsl club. cctv footage has captured a woman cautiously standing by the concierge desk before she quickly grabs the box of anzac badges and money while covering it with her vest at the caulfield rsl in elsternwick , south-east of melbourne about 8.00 pm on wednesday. she takes her reading glasses off and appears to clean them as she casually sits down on a seat before quickly pulling her black vest off. watch as this brazen thief allegedly steals a donation box ahead of anzac day at an rsl club in melbourne.
gemma collins has expanded her popular range of plus-size clothing for evans with seven new curve-flattering tops and dresses. the 34-year-old star of the only way is essex - who has gone from selling cards in romford to being the face and force behind her successful clothing brand - feels much of her triumph comes from inspiring voluptuous women to feel more confident. ' scroll down for video. gemma collins has expanded her popular range of plus-size clothing for evans with a handful of new curve-flattering garments. new additions include brightly coloured swing tops and blouses , as well as a pair of floral fringed kimonos ; all in the same flattering cuts that have cemented her status as one of the nation 's most popular plus-size designers.
muslim women should be allowed to wear a full-face veil while appearing in court , britain 's most senior judge has suggested. lord neuberger , the president of the supreme court , said judges and courtrooms should allow women to wear the traditional dress as they should ` show , and be seen to show ' respect towards different customs. lord neuberger said britain 's privileged judges must be aware of their ` subconscious bias ' when dealing with poorer members of society. his address to the criminal justice alliance came at a time of uncertainty over the place of muslim traditional dress in the legal system.
esteban cambiasso has won all the major european competitions a player can during his illustrious career but revealed that keeping leicester city in the premier league would be up there with the best. the foxes are currently seven points adrift at the bottom of the table , with only eight games remaining , knowing that time is running out to save themselves. cambiasso refuses to give up and admits that keeping leicester up will feel like winning a trophy. esteban cambiasso says that helping keep leicester in the premier league will feel like winning a trophy. ` for me , winning a cup or winning the league with another team is the same now as having the possibility to save leicester in the premier league.
we all know the time-consuming hassle of having to hoover the house , so it is perhaps no surprise to find that sailors on board this russian aircraft carrier also got bored of sweeping the decks. the crew of the admiral kuznetsov , russia 's largest warship , came up with the novel idea to help keep the deck clear of debris which poses a major risk to jet planes taking off and landing. russian sailors on board the admiral kuznetsov , the country 's largest aircraft carrier , have come up with an inegnious way of cleaning the decks , by strapping an old mig-15 engine to the front of a tractor.
the white house declined to give embattled drug enforcement administration chief michele leonhart a vote of confidence today as two news networks reported that she would soon resign. her anticipated departure stems from concerns that agents of the federal drug agency divulged secrets at sex parties with prostitutes that drug lords in colombia may have staged to elicit sensitive information. once-confidential documents , a u.s. congressional committee will. investigate the claims , a spokeswoman for the republican majority at the house. committee on oversight and government reform told reuters today. scroll down for video. drug enforcement administration boss michele leonhart testifies before the house committee on oversight and government reform in a hearing on sexual harassment and misconduct allegations.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- for lt. colonel john schwemmer , the scenery is all too familiar. this is his sixth tour in iraq , and he 's back doing a job that he 's been tasked with before : training iraqi soldiers. schwemmer and other active u.s. military personnel are on the ground in iraq , whipping often ill-equipped government troops into shape. but the u.s. military is n't the only contingent of western forces in the region -- dozens of foreigners , including americans , have volunteered to take the fight to isis. and increasingly , u.s. military training efforts are being supplemented by outside agencies , who are working with kurdish government troops and even militia in iraq and syria.
floyd mayweather v manny pacquiao will be the biggest fight of all time financially and the most significant this century. where money man v pacman comes to rank among the most important fights in ring history will depend upon what happens that coming night in the mgm grand garden arena. in this , the fourth in a series of 12 fights that shaped boxing history , i look back on one of the greatest sporting events of all time. george foreman v muhammad ali. the fight voted the greatest sporting event of the 20th century. the fight which crossed oceans and continents.
an ambulance service has apologised to the family of a woman who died after errors by emergency call operators meant she was not classed as having a life-threatening condition. david priestley called 999 three times and had to wait an hour for an ambulance to reach his wife diane , who was struggling to breathe and whose tongue and lips had turned blue. an investigation has found that an ambulance should have been given a response priority of eight minutes to reach the 57-year-old at her home in shildon , county durham. instead , a longer 30 minute response time was assigned - which north east ambulance service -lrb- neas -rrb- still failed to meet - and the grandmother-of-nine died from a ruptured abdominal aortic aneurysm on arrival at darlington memorial hospital.
a sure sign of middle age is when you start to get nostalgic about the mobile phones of your youth. ok , those early models could n't do much compared with today 's smartphones. they could n't surf the internet , take pictures , play music or make you a cup of tea. but what they did have was a battery that lasted more than a few hours before the phone went dead. scroll down for video. modern life : according to a recent poll , nine out of ten people feel stressed if their phone battery run out. compare that with the battery life of a modern iphone or samsung galaxy.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- a top al qaeda in the arabian peninsula leader -- who a few years ago was in a u.s. detention facility -- was among five killed in an airstrike in yemen , the terror group said , showing the organization is vulnerable even as yemen appears close to civil war. ibrahim al-rubaish died monday night in what aqap 's media wing , al-malahem media , called a `` crusader airstrike. a yemeni defense ministry official and two yemeni national security officials not authorized to speak on record confirmed that al-rubaish had been killed , but could not specify how he died.
a protective dad has devised a creative way to keep the boys away from his young daughter - by printing his muscly torso on a t-shirt and making her wear it. ` this is my dad ! ' and while his daughter does n't look too happy about the new attire , her father is pictured grinning beside her. the image was first shared on reddit under the headline ` dad security ' at the weekend. a dad created this t-shirt to keep the boys away from his daughter - and she does n't look happy about it. kit dale , a two-time world pro brazilian jiu-jitsu champion from melbourne , australia , shared the image to his facebook page on sunday , writing : ` hahahha smart dad.
she was catapulted into the limelight thanks to her relationship with prince harry. but now , as her acting career looks set to take off , cressida bonas says she is more than happy being single. ` i 'm a strong , independent woman , ' she says in a new interview to promote her role as mulberry 's new muse. scroll down for videos. cressida bonas , 26 , -lrb- pictured -rrb- says she is more than happy being single following her split from prince harry. to the golden globes party last year , cressida rocked this black mulberry dress , just days after she worked the exact same pick in white at the baftas.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- chile 's calbuco volcano erupted again thursday , marking the third time since last week , the national service of geology and mining said. gregorio billikopf lives across lake llanquihue from the volcano has been photographing and videotaping the three eruptions and described thursday 's event as spectacular but not as severe as the two prior ones. `` on a good day i can see about eight volcanoes. he lives in a rainy part of chile , which he described as like a garden of eden. the explosion produced an extensive plume , but it was also described as smaller than the eruptions on april 22 and april 23 , according to cnn chile.
floyd mayweather v manny pacquiao will be the biggest fight of all time financially and the most significant this century. where money man v pacman comes to rank among the most important fights in ring history will depend upon what happens that coming night in the mgm grand garden arena. in this , the fifth in a series of 12 fights that shaped boxing history , i look back on one of the greatest sporting events of all time. the near-death fight. muhammad ali v joe frazier. just as they are saying about mayweather v pacquiao , the perceived wisdom was that ali-frazier was coming five years too late for two great boxers in their 30s.
who likes rejection ? whether you are being rejected by a lover , an employer or a barman who serves a newly arrived regular customer before you , it 's galling. born into a family of teachers , jia jiang was so determined to become an entrepreneur that , as a child in china , he dug a hole in the garden , intending to reach america by the shortest route. the problem was he inevitably encountered rejection , mainly from potential backers for his project -lrb- another iphone app no one could possibly need or want -rrb-. and each time , rejection felt like the end of the world.
self-assured and poised in her stilettoes and new hairstyle , nicola sturgeon clearly revelled in being centre-stage -- addressing a nationwide audience of britons , rather than just the usual five million scots. such was her exultation that judy murray , mother of tennis star andy -lrb- who was widely criticised for voicing his support for scottish independence on the eve of last year 's independence referendum -rrb- , tweeted about her triumph. scroll down for video. the britain-wide tv audience was clearly impressed - an instant poll by yougov found that 28 per cent thought nicola sturgeon was the best performer.
the birth of alanna and stephan goetzinger 's third daughter was meant to go like the previous two - an intimate family moment that took place in a wading pool their bedroom at home , lit by candles. a coroner found that the care given by the midwife who assisted at the birth in 2012 was ` grossly inadequate ' and may have contributed to the death of the baby. but in a move many people would find extraordinary , the couple refuses to blame the midwife , and are in fact is defending her actions. alanna and stephen goetzinger -lrb- pictured with their daughters kayla , right , and alice , left -rrb- lost their daughter during a stillbirth in 2012 and have spoken out against the coroner 's report which blames their midwife.
this week : jennifer aniston 's arms. jennifer looking toned at the 2015 vanity fair oscar party hosted by graydon carter. in a versace gown at this year 's oscars , jennifer aniston showed off her well-toned arms. the 46-year-old works out three times a week with her long-term trainer , mandy ingber. sessions include 20-25 minutes of spinning , followed by 45 minutes of yoga. when she stays at a hotel , aniston takes 3.6 kg weights with her. her pt sessions include 20-25 minutes of spinning , followed by 45 minutes of yoga. the medicine ball overhead press is great for upper arms.
an airline passenger who was stabbed with a pen by a woman sitting next to him because he was snoring compared the bizarre attack to being ` stung by bees '. lenny mordarski , 68 , was viciously poked with the blue ballpoint before take off on the southwest airlines flight from chicago to manchester , new hampshire on thursday. ' scroll down for video. lenny mordarski , 68 , was viciously poked with the blue ballpoint on a flight to new hampshire on thursday because he fell asleep and was snoring before take-off. lenny mordarski , 68 , described the attack by a female passenger to ` being stung by bees ... owww ! ' the woman was removed from the flight following the air rage incident and put on a later flight out of chicago.
the boxer invited compatriot adrien broner for a feast at his mansion , as he continues his preparation for the $ 300million mega-fight against manny pacquiao. broner , a three-time world champion , took to instagram to show off the food on show. floyd mayweather is willing to splash the cash in the food department by paying over $ 1,000 per dish. chef q , also known as quiana jeffries , has helped the 38-year-old with his strict organic food diet. adrien broner posted this photo of the feast on offer as he labelled mayweather as his ` big bro ' chef q has been cooking for floyd mayweather since his fight for manny pacquaio was announced.
a student has become an online sensation after powering his cambridge college to glory in the final of university challenge. ted loveday managed to answer 10 starter questions in the last round of the bbc quiz show , helping gonville and caius college , cambridge defeat magdalen college , oxford. viewers were astounded by his general knowledge prowess - but the law student has now admitted that he had help from some unlikely sources. scroll down for video. star : ted loveday has powered gonville and caius college , cambridge to victory in university challenge. gonville and caius won the university challenge title by amassing 225 points against magdalen in the final , broadcast on bbc two on monday night.
new jersey governor chris christie was n't looking too presidential tuesday night when he got into a heated debate with a veteran teacher at a town hall meeting. and now the state 's largest teacher 's union is calling him out for his ` bullying ' behavior. ` he 's always taken a very nasty and disrespectful tone with teachers and other individuals who dare to question him at these events , ' steve wollmer of the nj education association told nj.com. ' scroll down for video. not being nice : new jersey gov chris christie -lrb- left -rrb- is being called a bully for the way he interacted with a teacher -lrb- kathy mooney , right -rrb- at a tuesday night town hall meeting.
in one of the classic games of their long and illustrious rivalry , the first meeting of the season between the boston red sox and new york yankees lasted nearly seven hours - becoming the longest game in team history for both. boston took a 6-5 lead in the 19th inning on saturday morning on a sacrifice fly by mookie betts. xander bogaerts scored after reaching on his fourth hit of extra innings. chase headley and mark teixeira hit tying home runs for the yankees in a game interrupted by a power outage for 16 minutes in the 12th. scroll down for video.
george w. bush ` just stood and took it ' when the grieving mother of a dying soldier screamed at him while he paid visit to a military hospital , his former press secretary has revealed. ` the mom was beside herself with grief. she yelled at the president , wanting to know why it was her child and not his who lay in that hospital bed , ' perino wrote in an excerpt published by the daily signal. perino said the woman 's husband tried to calm her and that , at first , the president tried to offer the mother some words of comfort before he just ` stood and took it '.
when young school students perform poorly in their classes , the usual antidote is more study , but desperate parents are instead opting for potentially dangerous diy brain stimulation kits to motivate their child. the abc have reported that for a few hundred dollars , you can purchase your own kit on the web , and nothing is stopping buyers from using it on their children. online advertisements have promised immediate results , but have not made the potential dangerous side effects clear. experts have voiced concerns over diy brain stimulation kits for children that are being sold online. professor colleen loo from the black dog institute has been researching transcranial direct current stimulation -lrb- tdcs -rrb- for 20 years and strongly believes that the equipment poses a danger to amateurs and children.
gary ballance 's hundred looks to have closed the door on an england return for kevin pietersen in the near future. that is the view of former captain andrew flintoff -- with ballance , ian bell and joe root surely all now secure in the middle order for the summer. former ashes hero flintoff believes pietersen is now ` running out of time ' to resurrect his test career. gary ballance produced an outstanding display with the bat against west indies on thursday. ballance , ian bell and joe root 's form my have shut the door on a test return for kevin piertersen -lrb- above -rrb-.
healing : mothers have reported powerful properting from eating their placenta. pictured : a smoothie. more scary still , she appears to be drinking it. fortunately it soon becomes clear that my suspicions are unwarranted , as the substance in the tumbler is nothing more troubling than plain old fruit juice. the 41-year-old mother-of-two is part of a rapidly growing cottage industry that prepares fresh placenta for new mothers. along with some 60 other specialists in this country , she whizzes it into smoothies , or grinds it into pills for women convinced of its health benefits. mothers have reported powerful healing properties , saying that eating their own placenta -lrb- the blood-filled organ that supports the foetus in the womb -rrb- has helped to increase their milk supply , reduce post-natal bleeding , stabilise blood pressure , and , crucially , provide them with more energy to care for their babies.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- recently , robert kennedy jr. was in sacramento , california , to campaign against senate bill 227 , which makes it harder for parents to opt out of vaccinations. in his remarks at an anti-vaccination movie screening , he decided to compare `` vaccine-induced '' autism to the holocaust. '' a few days later , he apologized to people who were outraged on behalf of the memory of the holocaust. in a statement , kennedy said , `` i want to apologize to all whom i offended by my use of the word to describe the autism epidemic.
josh warrington admitted he was bored by the end of his fight against dennis tubieron as he eased to a lop-sided points win in leeds. the 24-year-old has been billed as the next ricky hatton due to his impressive fan base and close to 10,000 packed into the first direct arena on saturday night. accompanied to the ring by vinnie jones , the featherweight was never in trouble but failed to deliver the stoppage that had looked a formality during the contest. josh warrington -lrb- right -rrb- poses with vinnie jones after his victory over dennis tubieron. i was getting a bit bored by the end , ' warrington said.
so that 's it from the sportsmail live coverage of real madrid versus granada. goals from cristiano ronaldo -lrb- five , yes , five -rrb- , karim benzema -lrb- two -rrb- , gareth bale and a diego mainz own goal secure a huge win. robert ibanez scored granada 's consolation. if you enjoyed it , why not follow our minute-by-minute updates of tottenham hotspur 's trip to burnley back in the barclays premier league. final score , real madrid 9-1 granada. the biggest win of the la liga season and what a way for the home side to get back to winning ways after el clasico ! 90 mins : a fifth for ronaldo.
` cool ' credentials : this week samantha cameron revealed her love of alternative group poliça. and this week samantha cameron was at it again , revealing her love of alternative group poliça. but their brand of psychedelic rock conjures up a world a far cry from her life in downing street and the cotswolds. the american band -- whose name roughly translates as ` policy ' in polish -- are inspired by a radical feminist who described pregnancy as ` barbaric ' , and their songs feature violent imagery. the video for the first single on the group 's most recent album depicts androgynous-looking singer channy leaneagh subjecting her trussed-up alter ego to a violent assault.
a body found in the mississippi river over the weekend has been identified as minnesota fourth-grader barway edwin collins who has been missing for nearly four weeks. authorities said the body of the ten-year-old was found on saturday around 1pm by searchers from a boy scout troop - about ten feet from the river 's edge in brooklyn center. crystal police chief stephanie revering said authorities have electronic evidence that shows the boy 's father , pierre collins , 33 , was in that area at the time the boy disappeared. police said on sunday that the boy 's father is a primary suspect as the case becomes a homicide investigation.
lady penelope -lrb- left -rrb- and her faithful chauffeur aloysius parker -lrb- right -rrb- have been given slight tweaks for the 2015 remake of thunderbirds. five. four. three. two. one. thunderbirds are go ! again ! yes , 50 years after the futuristic puppet show launched and landed all over the world , itv is bringing it back. in a nod to 21st-century political correctness , there are also more women and several multicultural characters have been added. geeky scientist brains has lost his bow tie for an open-neck shirt and has been given an indian accent. even lady penelope and her faithful chauffeur aloysius parker have been given slight tweaks for 2015.
she captured hearts across the nation as she realized her dream to play for mount st. joseph 's women 's basketball team in ohio and raised $ 1.5 million - all while battling inoperable brain cancer. and one of the millions lauren hill touched was lebron james , who posted an emotional farewell letter to the teenager via twitter on friday , just hours after she passed away from her rare tumor. james , 30 , who had never actually met lauren , wrote : ` dear lauren hill , you are the true definition of strength , courage , power , leadership , etc etc ! your time spent on earth will never be forgotten.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- it 's obvious that tom brady 's love for his wife , model gisele bundchen , will never go out of fashion. bundchen walked the runway for the last time wednesday , and the new england patriots quarterback was n't just there to support her in person , he expressed his emotions to the world on facebook. `` you inspire me every day to be a better person. i am so proud of you and everything you have accomplished on the runway. i have never met someone with more of a will to succeed and determination to overcome any obstacle in the way.
a 32-year-old english teacher who admitted having sex with a 16-year-old student posted a celebratory selfie on instagram just hours after discovering she had avoided a prison sentence. shelley dufresnein from st charles parish , louisiana , took a plea deal on thursday that gets her out of serving any time behind or having to register as a sex offender. when she returned home from court she uploaded an image of her grinning to the social media site alongside the message : ` my mood today , ' followed by three smiley faces. ' however she is still facing charges over a threesome she had with the same student at destrehan high school and another teacher.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- eternally blooming in kolkata , india , along the hooghly river is malik ghat , a wholesale flower market that attracts more than 2,000 sellers each day. photographer ken hermann visited the market for his project `` flower man , '' which is a series of portraits that casts light upon the people behind the petals. for the portraits , hermann sought a neutral background. he first tried shooting under a bridge near the market , but quickly realized the lighting did not match the mood he wanted to create. he then decided to create the portraits by the hooghly river.
with a mother as glamorous and as make-up savvy as kim kardashian , it 's no surprise that her one-year-old daughter north west is already developing an obsession with beauty products - and shoes. the 34-year-old mom , who married rapper kanye west in may last year , spoke with elle.com about her daughter 's budding independence and style preferences while sharing her approach to being a businesswoman , mother , wife and dressing her post-baby body. ' -lsb- north -rsb- is obsessed with make-up and watching me get ready and getting ready herself , ' kim told the website. ' scroll down for video.
baby malakai has been alive for seven months and he 's never left the hospital. doctors say he may not ever be able to walk. having been diagnosed with a rare medical condition known as pallister killian syndrome -lrb- pks -rrb- , his mother had to give up her job in perth in order to provide full-time care for her son. without an income , stacy maitai has been forced to survive on welfare funding of $ 90 a week to support her baby and her seven-year-old daughter. and the 28-year-old is not eligible for further financial assistance from centrelink as she is not an australian citizen.
quinton ` rampage ' jackson has admitted he has already been through the wringer , even before he steps back into the octagon. jackson returns to the ufc after two years with bellator when he takes on fabio maldonado in montreal on saturday night. but he had to first endure a protracted legal battle before he was permitted to feature at ufc 186. quinton ` rampage ' jackson and fabio maldonado face off during the ufc 186 weigh-in on friday. i felt like i had to fight to get here , and that 's been a tough fight. ' i probably wo n't feel any emotions until after the fight or right before the fight.
a seven-year-old boy was raped and set on fire by two youths when he went to buy some food. the youths took the boy to an isolated place and raped him. the boy , who suffered 30 per cent burns to his body , somehow managed to escape , sasthe added. the shocking incident occurred in pagma nagar -lrb- located on this map -rrb- , in bhiwandi city , a suburb of mumbai. the incident , which happened in bhiwandi , in mumbai -lrb- stock image -rrb- is being investigated by police. the incident took place in padma nagar in the city of bhiwandi , a suburb of mumbai , police said today.
the owner of an indiana pizza restaurant who was forced to close shop after she told a local news reporter that her establishment would not cater a gay wedding reaffirmed her beliefs in an interview on saturday. crystal o'connor , owner of memories pizza in walkerton , said that she stands by her statement , and that she does not hate gay people - she just does not support gay marriage. ' scroll down video. crystal o'connor -lrb- above -rrb- , owner of memories pizza in walkerton , indiana , says she stands by her decision to never cater a gay wedding.
for the next 48 hours , however , the pint will have to stay behind the bar as chris ramsey and tim sherwood go toe to toe in the scrap for survival. as far as qpr manager ramsey is concerned , sherwood 's aston villa are in no danger of tumbling out of the barclays premier league , despite their lowly position. the verdict is delivered on the evidence that ramsey has gathered in four years of working alongside sherwood at tottenham. chris ramsey believes his friend and neighbour tim sherwood will keep aston villa in the premier league. but the qpr boss will be pulling no punches when he clashes with his former tottenham colleague on tuesday.
two warring sisters were yesterday stripped of the right to control their aged mother 's fortune because of the intensity of the hatred between them. senior judge denzil lush said the elder sister could be jailed for attempting to alter a legal document , so she could gain greater control over her mother 's money. the mother , who has dementia , lives in a care home in stoke mandeville , buckinghamshire. she owns a # 600,000 house , has savings and shares worth # 100,000 , and has an income of # 1,200 a month. the court of protection case was brought by the office of the public guardian -lrb- pictured -rrb- - the regulator of agreements for people without capacity.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- japan 's space agency announced this week that the country would put an unmanned rover on the surface of the moon by 2018 , joining an elite club of nations who have explored earth 's satellite. the japan aerospace exploration agency -lrb- jaxa -rrb- , divulged the plan to an expert panel , including members of the cabinet and the education , culture , sports , science and technology ministry on monday. if it is approved , the agency will reportedly use its epsilon solid-fuel rocket technology to carry and deploy a slim probe -- the acronym stands for `` smart lander for investigating moon '' -- on the surface of the celestial body.
it 's one of the most boring kitchen jobs ; prepping a mound of potatoes for mash. but this ingenious method eliminates all dinner preparation stress when you 've got a pile to peel. youtuber dave hax 's clever spud solution does away with peelers , and instead lets boiling water do all the hard work. the innovative mr hax , whose youtube channel demonstrates various life hacks , devised the simple kitchen method which results in perfectly peeled potatoes. do this to all the potatoes you 're planning to use , running the blade just through the skin without letting it cut through the potato flesh.
in a week where people have been highlighting the lack of young english talent in the premier league , it 's good to see three youngsters playing in my old position have really caught the eye this season. calum chambers , eric dier and john stones have all enjoyed excellent premier league campaigns. defence is not the easiest area for a young player to make an impression -- managers can be reluctant to trust youth in a position of responsibility -- but these three have done just that. chambers and stones are still 20 and dier is 21 , but there are no signs of fear in their games.
these self-proclaimed countries print their own stamps , wave their own flags and mint their own money. many have also created sashes and pendants for their royalty. but most of their citizens have a population of less than 10. many do n't even live on the land at all. scroll down for video. molossia , population five , is just one of the small , self-proclaimed micronations that will be represented at microcon 2015 in los angeles this weekend. molossia can be found in reno , nevada. at 1.3 acres , the country is the size of a football field. only baugh and his wife and children live in molossia , although it has 27 citizens , as well as its own passports , railroad , phone system , bank , post office and general store.
the 250-piece lilly pulitzer for target collection sold out online and flew off of shelves at stores shortly after debuting on sunday morning. lilly leas , the 26-year-old granddaughter of the late palm beach fashion trendsetter , managed to buy a floral-printed hammock online , but only because she set an alarm. the 58-year-old palm beach realtor told the sun sentinel that her mother , who died in 2013 at the age of 81 , ` would have loved the fact that everybody wanted to get something , a piece of lilly '. scroll down for video. family style : the late lilly pulitzer -lrb- center -rrb- and her daughter liza -lrb- right -rrb- wore the designer 's patterns in 2005.
reality star joey essex has claimed to be all at sea when it comes to knowing about politics. so he joined nigel farage on a boat trip in grimsby this morning to try and understand his general election plans. before boarding the boat , essex told reporters that the only thing he knew about the party leader was he is a ` really , really reem guy '. ' as the stunt took a bizarre twist , the ukip leader hailed the tv star as an ` icon of youth '. scroll down for video. towie star joey essex today met ukip leader nigel farage in grimsby as part of his project to find out about the election.
for decades , sheds have a been a place that men build at the bottom of the garden so they have a place to be alone. but now the female sex and demanding a place at the bottom of the garden to call their own - a she shed. scroll down for video. as everyday life gets every more stressful and homes get smaller , women are also looking to the single-storey structures as a safe haven. but while most men might be content with a leaky old shack made of rotting timber , female customers are looking for a home away from home.
now showbags cost anywhere from $ 10 to $ 30 and are among the mounting prices parents are paying for their annual trip to the easter show - along with $ 40 entrance fees and $ 15 rides. but are the contents of the bags worth the prices being paid ? the official website of the sydney royal easter show lists the retail value of show bag contents , and reveals that at least one of the bags cost more than it would to buy the items outright. the 2015 sydney royal easter show , which opened to the public last thursday 26 march.
a beautiful sunny evening and i am having a drink in the garden with friends. i do n't just want to scratch , i want to rake my nails across my scalp and draw blood. daisy goodwin has has problems with head lice since she was 19 and says she has suffered with them almost 100 times since then. i have nits. i make my excuses and sneak inside to scrape my hair into a ponytail. my eyes narrow , those flowing locks are the enemy -- a breeding ground for the bane of my life : pediculus humanus capitis , or head lice -lrb- a nit is the egg sac laid by the female louse on the hair shaft of their human hosts -rrb-.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- french customs officers say they have seized more than 2 tons of cocaine aboard a sailboat that was falsely flying an american flag in the caribbean. the drugs , whose value is estimated at more than $ 105 million , are the biggest cocaine seizure ever carried out by french authorities , said michael lachaux , director of customs operations in martinique. officers arrested one venezuelan and two spanish citizens who were on board the vessel off the coast of martinique on wednesday , lachaux said in an interview with the radio station france info on saturday. in november , french customs officials seized nearly 250 kilograms -lrb- 550 pounds -rrb- of cocaine on a vessel that was also off the coast of martinique , according to authorities .
-lrb- cnn -rrb- in case you have n't noticed , we 're in the midst of a medical marijuana revolution. he 's been investigating medical marijuana for the last couple of years. his research has resulted in three cnn documentaries , culminating with `` weed 3 : the marijuana revolution , '' airing at 9 p.m. et/pt sunday. how does this affect me ? readers were curious about the effects of medical marijuana in easing symptoms of various ailments , asking how it could help with everything from life-threatening illnesses and neurological conditions to chronic pain and post-traumatic stress disorder. gupta pointed out the 10 diseases where medical marijuana research could have an impact and how it helped to stop one young girl 's severe seizures , and he also referenced other studies.
gary locke will be confirmed as kilmarnock 's permanent manager on friday - exactly eight weeks after he was asked to take charge until the end of the season. an announcement will be made by the rugby park club on friday morning , with the former hearts boss being given a three-year deal. and on thursday the 39-year-old paid tribute to the players whose efforts have helped him win favour with new chairman jim mann since he replaced allan johnston on a caretaker basis in february. kilmarnock will confirm gary locke as the club 's new permanent manager on friday. ' ex-killie and hearts player locke , who was crestfallen not to be retained by the tynecastle club as head coach after they were relegated last season , added : ` -lrb- coaches -rrb- alan robertson and billy thomson have done a fantastic job in helping me , too.
a stunning italian political candidate who has posted dozens of pictures of herself in skimpy bikinis has denied using her looks to get votes. but the 36-year-old , who is hoping to represent caldoro in campania , southern italy after may 's regional elections , defended her photographs. pictures of stefania la greca , who is running for local elections in southern italy , have gone viral ahead of the elections in may. ms la greca -lrb- left -rrb- is a political candidate for the lega sud ausonia party which wants independece while nicola sturgeon , is leader of the scottish national party.
hillary rodham clinton 's presidential campaign will center on boosting economic security for the middle class and expanding opportunities for working families , while casting the former senator and secretary of state as a ` tenacious fighter ' able to get results , two senior advisers said on saturday. ' the senior advisers provided the first preview of the message clinton planned to convey when she launches her long-anticipated campaign on sunday with an online video. scroll down for video. two senior advisers said on saturday that hillary clinton 's presidential campaign will center on boosting economic security for the middle class and expanding opportunities for working families.
unbeaten boxer danny garcia , who defeated amir khan in four rounds in 2012 , revealed he will carry an unusual advantage when he steps into the ring to face lamont peterson on saturday. when asked by entertainment channel tmz to reveal something embarrassing about himself , the us boxer explained he has an extra toe on his right foot before promptly removing his sock to show off his secret weapon. danny garcia -lrb- 2nd left -rrb- is set to fight lamont peterson -lrb- 2nd right -rrb- in a non-title fight on saturday. garcia -lrb- 2nd right -rrb- poses with -lrb- l-r -rrb- andy lee , peterson and peter quillin ahead of their new york showdown.
rapper vanilla ice. avoided prosecution in florida on thursday after agreeing to a. plea deal over a grand theft charge from february , his attorney said. the rapper , whose real name is robert van winkle , appeared. in palm beach county court on thursday. perform 100 hours of community service and pay $ 1,333 to the. estate of a neighbor in lantana for allegedly stealing furniture. and pool equipment from the $ 1million home , according to the pre-trial intervention. deal. vanilla ice , whose real name is robert van winkle , appeared in palm beach county court on thursday and agreed to a plea deal over a grand theft charge.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- about a quarter of a million australian homes and businesses have no power after a `` once in a decade '' storm battered sydney and nearby areas. about 4,500 people have been isolated by flood waters as `` the roads are cut off and we wo n't be able to reach them for a few days , '' michael langley , spokesman for the new south wales state emergency service said. the storm system also brought destructive flooding that washed away houses and brought down trees onto streets and buildings. the emergency services have been slammed with 13,000 calls for help due to flooding and have carried out 144 rescue tasks.
a year after he launched his own app and made headlines , leo grand is still homeless. on the night he launched his first app , a homeless man predicted that his life was going to change. ' i can work at google , i can work at spacex , ' leo grand gleefully stated minutes after his carpooling app trees for cars went live. but trees for cars is no longer available , and grand is still homeless , mashable reported. in august 2013 mcconlogue offered grand , the homeless man he saw every day on his walk to work in new york city , a deal : he would either give him $ 100 , or he would teach him how to code.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- about 150,000 years ago -- give or take 20,000 -- a guy fell into a well. last month he made science history. the altamura man became the oldest neanderthal to have his dna extracted by researchers. scientists in southern italy have known about him since 1993 , when spelunkers spied his skull staring blankly back at them from its nook in the lamalunga cave , deep under the town of altamura. the cave explorers told researchers at the university of bari what they 'd found , according to their report published in march in the journal of human evolution and phys.org.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- the fbi is investigating a possible isis-inspired terrorist threat in the united states , law enforcement officials said saturday. the investigation originated from intercepted chatter and other intelligence information that led officials to believe a possible plot could be in the works , the officials said. no arrests have been made. one official said it focused on parts of california where officials stepped up security , a u.s. official said. the transportation security administration alerted local law enforcement agencies that are responsible for external security around airports , but officials said the possible threat is not necessarily aviation-related.
punters have reacted with a mixture of amusement and fury to the announcement future music festival will not return to australia in 2016. many people were genuinely upset over the cancellation - blaming the festival organisers for sending themselves broke by spending too much money on headline acts drake and avicii. scroll down for video. music fans pose during the future music festival at sydney 's randwick racecourse in february this year. punters have reacted with a mixture amusement and fury to the announcement future music festival will not return to australia in 2016. more than 230 people were arrested over drug-related offences at future music festival events around the country , which took place in sydney , perth , adelaide , melbourne and brisbane between february 28 and march 9.
a mysterious sinkhole spewing fire and incredible heat has appeared in a chinese hillside. geologists and media have flocked to the desolate mountain on the outskirts of urumqi , in xinjiang uyghur autonomous region in north-western china , since it appeared a few weeks ago. scroll down for video. the heat blasting from the ` ring of fire ' has been measured at 792c -lrb- 1457f -rrb- from two metres away , reports people 's daily online , and is so intense that experts ca n't get close enough to determine how deep the hole is. video footage of the 3ft-wide hole shows locals igniting branches and grass by pushing it to the rim.
as sensational an own goal as his inadvertently precise lob over adrian was in west ham 's 2-0 defeat at manchester city , it was not the weekend 's most bizarre. that honour falls to mohammad shatnawi of jordanian club al faisaly , whose effort will be considered as one of the strangest own goals ever. his team were 1-0 down against al whidat in the amman derby when their opponents pushed forward , looking to double their lead. video - scroll down to see mohammad shatnawi 's amazing own goal. mohammed shatnawi bizarrely scored an own goal by kicking the ball over his head at the weekend.
a florida woman who fled with her 4-year-old son to keep his circumcision from going forward has filed a civil rights lawsuit on behalf of the boy. heather hironimus , who filed the complaint late monday , is hoping a federal judge might intervene where state judges have n't. the complaint is repeating her claims that surgery on her 4-year-old son is n't necessary , that the boy does n't want it , and that his constitutional rights are being violated. her arrest was ordered after she fled in february and ignored a judge 's demand that she appear in court and allow the circumcision to go forward.
`` arrested development '' executive producer brian grazer said the show will return for a fifth season of 17 episodes. the hollywood mogul was interviewed on bill simmons ' podcast recently , and let it drop that fans can expect more of the quirky comedy. netflix had no comment for cnn when asked to verify his statements. the fourth season was streamed exclusively on netflix in 2013 , after fox canceled the show several years before. despite critical acclaim , the series never had big ratings , but has a devoted fan base , who often quote from the show. it was not yet known if the full cast , including jason bateman , michael cera and will arnett , will return for the season .
kabul , afghanistan -lrb- cnn -rrb- it is a strangely detached scene for the close of america 's longest war : military trainers bouncing between multi-million dollar , high security bases , on black hawks , miles from the front line. and even though the departure of american troops will be fractionally slower , they will all be inside the u.s. embassy by the end of next year , making these some of their last weeks outside of the wire. we are near jalalabad , at a regional logistics hub for the afghan police force -- a generous facility that was originally intended to resupply the entire east of the country with uniforms , ammunition , even fuel for vehicles.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- as ash from chile 's calbuco volcano spread east into argentina , geologists warned of the potential for more activity friday. `` there is more seismic activity ... and we think there will be more activity today , '' helmuth huerta , a spokesman for chile 's national geological and mining service , told cnn. the volcano has already erupted twice this week , spewing ash to a depth of about 23 1/2 inches -lrb- 60 centimeters -rrb- in some places , according to the ministry of interior and public safety. new advisories say airborne ash could reach an altitude of 12,000 feet.
manchester city boss manuel pellegrini is braced for a ferocious derby clash at old trafford this weekend. the fading barclays premier league champions take on manchester united on sunday having unexpectedly fallen behind their arch-rivals in the table. manuel pellegrini is relishing the prospect of taking on manchester united with manchester city on sunday. david silva -lrb- centre -rrb- leaves the pitch looking despondent after city 's 2-1 loss to crystal palace on monday. sergio aguero -lrb- centre -rrb- is blocked out by damien delaney -lrb- left -rrb- and james mcarthur of palace. that is now far from certain following a dramatic slump in fortunes while united , ordinary for much of the campaign , appear to have clicked into gear in the last month.
while easter in the uk is celebrated with chocolate eggs and a roast lamb , in greece they mark the day slightly differently - and a week later. as orthodox easter sunday was held , thousands of homemade rockets were aimed at church towers in the aegean island of chios by rival parishioners in their traditional ` mock war '. dozens of brave souls even attend the late-night services inside the churches of aghios markos and panaghia erithiani while the annual battle is held -- even when the structures and surrounding homes are ringed in defensive veils of chicken wire. although small firework displays are held at churches around the country at midnight services on easter saturday - despite official disapproval from church officials - vrontados is in a league of its own , drawing spectators from all over greece and abroad.
but for this tiny chihuahua , having a best friend 120 times his size is proving a great source of comfort. the diminutive digby was abandoned on the street next to a set of bins. fortunately , he was rescued by the rspca and taken to their southridge centre in hertfordshire - where he quickly became inseparable from 9st mastiff nero. scroll down for video. new pals : tiny chihuahua digby with best friend nero , a 9st mastiff who is 120 times the size. digby was rescued by the rspca and taken to a centre in hertfordshire where the two have quickly become inseparable.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- a mammoth fire broke out friday morning in a kentucky industrial park , sending plumes of thick smoke over the area as authorities worked to contain the damage. the blaze began shortly before 7 a.m. at the general electric appliance park in louisville , according to mike weimer from the city 's emergency management agency. he said that there were no reports of anyone injured or trapped. firefighters took up positions around the affected buildings , spraying water from the periphery. weimer told cnn that authorities did n't know what had caused the fire , which had gone to at least four alarms.
russian president vladimir putin said russia has key interests in common with the united states and needs to work with it on a common agenda. russia has key interests in. common agenda , russian president vladimir putin said on saturday. in his comments to the state-run rossiya channel , putin. western powers , have soured over the conflict in russia 's. neighbor ukraine , sinking to an all-time low. that unites us , that forces us to work together , ' putin said. ' i mean general efforts directed at making the world economy. is more democratic. ' putin has in the past fiercely attacked the united states.
when melbourne mother-of-two , kady marsh , took her seven-week-old baby aside to breastfeed at a popular sydney hotel , the last thing she expected was to be told to put her breast away. it was a sunny saturday afternoon at the manly wharf hotel. when she moved to a quiet corner of the hotel 's lounge area with baby isla , she says she was confronted by hotel management and told she could n't breastfeed because the area was for ` over 18s only. ' ` a young manager came over , pointed to a sign above me and said : `` ca n't you see it says over 18s only ? '' ' kady told daily mail australia.
at waterloo napoleon did surrender. so go the opening lyrics to abba 's eurovision winner. research has revealed that three out of four people have little or no knowledge about the battle of waterloo. only just over half -lrb- 53 per cent -rrb- know the duke of wellington led the british forces , while one in seven believe that it was the french who were victorious in 1815. veeker 's rendering of the battle between wellington 's anglo-dutch army and the french : forty-seven per cent of 2,070 adults polled said they did n't know who led british forces against france in the battle.
england must have played against worse teams than this st kitts invitational xi but , after a day that descended into near farce , it is difficult to think of any. st kitts were simply shambolic , so bad that chigwell cricket club could give them a decent game , and an almost tragic example of the steep decline of caribbean cricket. jos buttler appeals for a stumping as england dominated the second day of a farcical match in st kitts. mark wood looked lively in his early spell after he was brought in for his first bowl for england. the statistics will say that england , having bowled st kitts out for 59 on the first day of their opening two-day tour match , rattled up 379 for six declared with both alastair cook and ian bell retiring out.
but this is n't the real duke and duchess of cambridge. instead , it 's their puppet likenesses - commissioned for itv 's new comedy spoof show , newzoids. and the duke and duchess are n't the only royals to get a puppet makeover. their dolls will be joined by an even more amusing version of prince harry , as well as a roster of celebrities. scroll down for video. plastic princess : the duchess of cambridge is about to make her debut in puppet form. the show , which has been likened to 1980s behemoth spitting image , starts later this month and , according to makers citrus tv , will offer a similarly light-hearted take on current affairs.
kathmandu , nepal -lrb- cnn -rrb- when the earthquake struck , we huddled under a concrete beam -- and prayed. outside , a brown dust-cloud rose from the ruins of cottages that had dotted the next hill. i heard from everyone except my mother. worried sick , i foolishly went into the house for a second time to get my belongings and leave for home. another tremor -- the first of many to aftershocks that have continued to strike an already traumatized city -- shook the house. a high wall surrounding a monastery had collapsed and the nuns had run to a nearby field.
drawing a world map from scratch would already be considered a difficult feat , let alone taking on the near-impossible task of doing it from memory. the 11-year-old boy with autism is seen drawing the intricate map of the world from scratch. a professor in new york invited her 11-year-old autistic son to one of her classes , during which he got up on a chair and drew the world map from memory. a student took the photos and her father posted them on the online community , reddit , as user bobitis. he came into the classroom today and did this.
a 17-year-old connecticut girl who was forced to have chemotherapy for her cancer has finally been released from hospital after she was removed from her home almost four months ago. cassandra fortin has finished the treatment a court ruled that she must undergo at connecticut children 's medical center for hodgkin 's lymphoma , which she was diagnosed with in september. as she was discharged from the facility on monday , the teenager said she was ` happy ' to be heading back to her hartford home after spending five months undergoing chemotherapy to save her life. the feeling of fresh air is wonderful.
a university of virginia student whose reputation was trashed by rolling stone 's discredited tale of a violent gang rape on campus has taken the magazine to task for not firing anybody after its story fell apart. alex stock , a former friend of supposed victim ` jackie ' , spoke out after he featured in the now-infamous feature a rape on campus , and was painted as a callous social climber who discouraged a rape victim from speaking out. scroll down for video. taking to task : alex stock , right , who was portrayed as a callous social climber in rolling stone 's uva discredited campus rape story said the magazine should be held accountable.
as manager of rangers , stuart mccall has learned to tolerate supporters booing their own players. growing up watching leeds united , he was less forgiving. terry yorath had just taken over from billy bremner and it was boooooo ... rangers manager stuart mccall has had to get used to his players being booed by supporters. lee mcculloch , the rangers captain , was booed for an error that led to a goal against raith rovers. mccall hopes that for the time that he is manager of rangers , mcculloch will be the last player to get booed. culpable for a raith rovers goal , the veteran defender suffered the embarrassment of being booed by his own supporters.
havana , cuba -lrb- cnn -rrb- charlie hill sits in a dark bar on a blindingly sunny havana day. for 43 years cuba has provided refuge for hill from facing charges that he killed a new mexico police officer and hijacked an airliner to havana. he wants to discuss how for the first time he is considering leaving his safe haven and returning to the united states. before talking more , hill finishes his plastic glass of beer and takes a final draw on his stub of a cigarette. eat some blackberry pie. '' hill was a black power militant and said he is still a revolutionary.
drilling threes on the buzzer is all good as far as cleveland cavaliers superstar lebron james is concerned - the buzzing of drills at the dentist is a whole other story. the 11-time all star brushed off rough treatment from the chicago bulls as his cavs won on sunday by saying it 's the sort of thing nba stars should expect come this stage of the season. but the self-titled king james ' talk was n't so tough as he paid a second visit to the dentist 's chair in a fortnight , as shared with his 9.3 million followers on instagram.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- the story of anthony stokes was supposed to have a happy ending. instead it ended tuesday , police say , with the teen heart transplant recipient carjacking someone , burglarizing a home , shooting at an elderly woman , leading police on a high speed chase and then dying after his car hit a pole. in 2013 , the teen 's family told media that an atlanta hospital rejected him for heart transplant surgery due to what the hospital described in a letter as stokes ' `` history of non-compliance. bell told cnn that a doctor told the family that anthony 's low grades and time in juvenile detention factored into the hospital 's decision to deny him a heart.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- have you ever found the creative inspiration you were seeking at the most unexpected time , or thought you were having that long-awaited problem-solving epiphany just as you nodded off to sleep ? according to neuroscientists john kounios and mark beeman , there 's a reason for that. the book explains how to clear out mental junk , in order to make way for pivotal revelations. cognitive psychologists call these ` remote associations '. they are processed mostly in the brain 's right hemisphere. insights occur when a subconscious remote association suddenly pops into awareness. this is accompanied by a burst of activity in the brain 's right temporal lobe.
a university student attacked by a serial rapist confronted him in court yesterday to say he had taken away ` every piece of joy ' in her life. jessica howard , 23 , denounced ` night stalker ' clive howard , 57 , for his string of assaults on six women over 28 years. clive howard , 57 , -lrb- left -rrb- dubbed ` every woman 's living nightmare ' , was today jailed for life and one of his victim 's , jessica howard , 23 , -lrb- right -rrb- who has bravely waived her right to anonymity. waiving her right to anonymity , the student -- who is not related to the rapist -- said he had ` humiliated ' her and ruined precious relationships with those closest to her.
a busy mum sits at a table surrounded by crayons , colouring in a child 's book , taking care to stay within the printed lines and fully concentrating on the task. grown ups reaching for the crayons is a new global trend it seems , as adults say they 're attracted to the creativity that colouring in affords. scottish illustrator johanna basford has sold more than 1.4 million copies of her colouring-in book for grown-ups , secret garden. art and flowers : the book is the most popular in its genre and has now been translated into 22 languages. a book called secret garden by scottish illustrator johanna basford , which includes 96 pages of black-and-white drawings has sold more than 1.4 million copies and is riding high in the bestsellers chart.
peerless champion jockey ap mccoy described the final day of his record-breaking career as ` the hardest day ' of his life as he left sandown on saturday night and headed into retirement. all records are broken. i just hope i am dead when they do. ' mccoy , the iron-man of jump racing , shed tears as he paraded in front of the grandstand after finishing third on box office in the bet365 handicap hurdle , his last-ever ride. ap mccoy was reduced to tears as he competed as a professional jockey for the last-ever time on saturday. an emotional mccoy could n't contain his emotions as he waved to the crowd after his last race.
in fact , barely an episode goes by where they 're not filmed swanning around the boutiques that line the fashionable kings road. now one of the stars of the show , binky felstead , 24 , has opened up her closet to give wannabe sloane rangers a helping hand in achieving the polished , put-together look she is famed for. scroll down for video. binky said that faux fur is one of her top tips for achieving chelsea street style. binky has been in the cast of the hit e4 programme since 2011 when it first started , along with spencer matthews and rosie fortescue.
i 've lost count. last saturday 's inept capitulation to aston villa was the most recent occasion : a soft goal down after 45 minutes and an expensively assembled team which looked as if it had been recruited from the local jobcentre half an hour before the kick-off. stephen dodd took this photograph of asif bodi and abubakar bhula praying at anfield last month. and given football 's tragic history , from ibrox to hillsborough , their caution is well-merited. so it was surprising , to say the least , to see that photograph of two muslim liverpool supporters praying to mecca at half-time in an fa cup match.
ahead of another weekend in the barclays premier league , sportsmail brings you the latest squad news , odds and stats on every top flight fixture as it breaks. simply click on your team in the fixture list below to find out who is ruled out and who is making a return as well as all the key statistics surrounding your club 's fixture. in or out ? keep up-to-date with all the latest team news and stats ahead of the premier league weekend. swansea city vs everton -lrb- 12.45 pm -rrb-. southampton vs hull city -lrb- 3pm -rrb-. sunderland vs crystal palace -lrb- 3pm -rrb-.
and for one man , it was a risk that most certainly did n't pay off after he was very publicly turned down by his girlfriend during an appearance on the jeremy kyle show. the couple , known only as jamie and dawn , were appearing on an episode entitled : ` my fiancé is a womaniser but is he a cheat ? ' scroll down for video. the big moment : jeremy kyle show guest jamie goes down on one knee in front of girlfriend dawn. having refused to take one of the show 's famous lie detector tests , jamie attempts to show his love for dawn by proposing - but has the ring thrown back in his face.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- we belong to different generations and political parties. one of us is a college student , born into a political family , while the other is a former congressman from south carolina and father of five children. one of us served on the selection committee for the john f. kennedy profile in courage award. the other will receive this award in recognition of the stand he took when he broke with his party and sacrificed his political career to support responsible action to combat climate change. we share an unwavering belief that the united states must lead the world on climate change and seize opportunities for unity , growth and progress.
the husband of a woman who bravely battled cancer only to die of a deadly bug after being left in a filthy hospital room has spoken of his heartbreak. retired chief executive rené dee watched as his wife eileen , 68 , slipped away just days after catching the infection and before the couple 's son had a chance to say goodbye. ' rené dee had to watch as his wife eileen , 68 , died just days after catching a lethal infection. she had been battling cancer when she caught the bug while undergoing treatment at the royal sussex county hospital.
a mother has revealed her addiction to alcohol has cost the nhs more than # 100,000. julie merner 's heavy drinking has resulted in her being admitted to hospital 13 times in the last six years. in january , following her latest admission , the 39-year-old vowed to quit the habit , which has ravaged her liver , causing her to suffer severe cirrhosis. not a drop of alcohol has passed ms merner 's lips since january - marking her longest spell of abstinence. scroll down for video. julie merner , 39 , has revealed her alcoholism has cost the nhs # 100,000.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- where do you go from here ? the fourth season of `` game of thrones '' saw massive battles , major deaths -lrb- tywin ! -rrb- and white walkers , but what can fans expect sunday as we head into a fifth season of one of the most popular shows in hbo history ? it 's the most high-profile premiere yet , airing simultaneously in 170 countries for the first time. -lrb- hbo is a time warner company , like cnn. we sought out `` thrones '' aficionado doug gross , a writer for nerdwallet and a former cnn employee , who had a few thoughts on the matter -lrb- beware , tv fans , he has read the books -rrb-.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- the parents of the youngest victim of the boston marathon bombings are making an emotional , passionate plea to take the death penalty off the table for the man convicted in the case. last week , dzhokhar tsarnaev was found guilty on all 30 charges he faced related to the bombings at the 2013 race and the dramatic violence that dragged out for days afterward. the sentencing phase begins tuesday , a day after this year 's edition of the landmark race. it is expected to last four weeks. the 13th juror : now it gets real. in a front-page opinion piece in the boston globe , bill and denise richard wrote about the toll taken on their family after the death of their 8-year-old son , martin.
he earns millions playing for a barcelona team regarded as one of the greatest in history and spends his time-off relaxing at the beach with his beautiful wife , is ivan rakitic living the dream of every sports fan ? spanish beauty raquel mauri , whom the croatia international married in 2013 , posted an insight into the pair 's enviable lifestyle featuring a selfie of the two of them taking in some sun , surf and sand. life looks good for ivan rakitic and his stunning wife raquel mauri as the relax at the beach. rakitic speaks to rafinha during training as barcelona continue their pursuit of glory.
former toronto mayor rob ford has announced that he will undergo ` very serious ' surgery to remove a cancerous tumor in his abdomen. in an emotional press conference on thursday , the 45-year-old politician said he met with doctors who told him chemotherapy and radiation have shrunk the tumor to a size where they can operate. four surgeons will carry out the eight - to ten-hour operation on may 11 , and he will remain in hospital for 10 to 14 days , he said. he hopes to return to work in september. scroll down for video. emotional : rob ford announced on thursday that he will undergo a lengthy operation to remove a cancerous tumor from his abdomen in may.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- the question : how can i know if my food is safe to eat after a specific product recall ? the answer : many of us shed a few tears over the recent sabra hummus recall -lrb- even though we are perfectly capable of making our own at home -rrb- , but that sadness quickly transformed into anxiety when we looked inside our refrigerators and saw the potentially tainted culprit sitting there on the shelf. related : amy 's kitchen recalls more than 70,000 cases of food due to fear of listeria contamination. the first step , according to swartzberg , is to go to the food and drug administration 's website and find the official report for the recalled product you 're worried about.
british no 2 aljaz bedene was unable to sustain his strong run since switching allegiance from slovenia , crashing out of the grand prix hassan ii in casablanca in the last eight. the world no 99 had breezed past fellow-qualifier arthur de greef of belgium in a 70-minute , straight-sets victory to set up his quarter-final clash - but was unable to dislodge czech young gun jiri vesely on friday. vesely saw off bedene 6-1 6-4 to reach the final four and tee up a clash with spanish veteran daniel gimeno-traver. the 21-year-old rising czech star put paid to bedene 's good start to life under the official british banner , after the london-based 25-year-old changed nationality last month.
it took a team of firefighters , police and engineers , but a house on sydney 's northern beaches tragically damaged in the this week 's destructive storm in nsw has finally been demolished. the narrabeen property began sliding down the hill it was built on after it was battered by the wild weather on tuesday , endangering neighbouring houses and forcing locals to evacuate. a house in narrabeen has been demolished after it was damaged during this week 's storm in sydney. a tree stump on the hill prevented the house from falling further down , but authorities feared it was only a matter of time before it caused further damage to surrounding properties.
awash with a sea of colour , sounds and smells , a stunning water carnival has exploded into life in china. the annual water temple fair in jiangnan , china , sees thousands gather on boats to pray for good fortune for the upcoming year. locals dress up in traditional costumes , while boat races , drumming and dragon dances bring a carnival atmosphere to the town of jia xing. riot of colour : the water temple fair in jiangnan , china , sees thousands gather on boats to pray for good fortune for the upcoming year. other water temple fairs are held around chinese new year.
the stylist behind singer rita ora 's unique , over-the-top hairstyles has revealed how much work the chart-topper has to put into ensuring her blonde locks remain totally healthy. chris appleton , who has been working with natural brunette rita , 24 , for the past two years , confessed to daily mail online that her demanding haircare routine does require a hefty amount of work and ` maintenance '. ` we have to color the hair every three weeks , ' he explained. if you keep bleaching it , you push it too far and it can look awful , which has been done in the past by other celebrities ! scroll down for video.
porto have nothing to prove coming into their quarter-final first leg against bayern munich as the only undefeated side in the champions league. however julen lopetegui has warned his side has plenty of room to improve saying the team ` has n't stopped growing '. when lopetegui comes up against his former barcelona team-mate pep guardiola , who the former goalkeeper labels ' a winner ' , at dragao on wednesday night , it will be a clash of the two most prolific scoring sides of the tournament so far. porto train ahead of their wednesday clash against bayern munich in their champions league quarter-finalo.
america celebrated the coming of age of a new sporting hero on sunday when jordan spieth , 21 , showed true grace under pressure to win the masters. as a junior at jesuit high school in dallas , the grateful golfer wrote the letter to the murphy family who had funded the scholarship that helped pay for his tuition. scroll down for video. a letter of thanks penned by masters champion jordan spieth six years ago when he was on a scholarship at jesuit high school in dallas , left , has surfaced which only reinforces his nice guy image. as a junior at jesuit high school in dallas , the pga golfer was humble enough to write the letter to the murphy family who funded the scholarship that helped pay for his tuition.
our almost constant use of mobile phones and the decline of working class jobs are contributing to the erosion of the age-old whistle according to new research. whistling aficionados are in agreement , no one is whistling while they work -- or anywhere else for that matter. all children used to be told to whistle while they work by the classic disney animation snow white. however the rise of the mobile phone and music on the ipod means young people are less likely to whistle now. cultural historian at syracuse university , london , chris cook , told the sunday times that whistling has all but disappeared over the last few decades.
` plus-size ' model laura wells has revealed the extreme dieting measures taken by her model roommates to prepare for fashion week. the size 14 beauty lived with a group of standard ` skinnier ' models during her stint working in new york , and says that their agents instructed them to stick to a diet of ` one cracker and a couple of glasses of water '. ` no food being eaten , prescription dietary pills , agents telling girls that they 're only allowed to have one cracker and a couple glasses of water leading up to fashion week per day.
however , despite the glossy , upbeat image portrayed on our screens , duncan , now 62 , has revealed she attempted to commit suicide at age 43 , and that her teenage daughter jessica orcsik was the one who found her. scroll down for video. revelation : actress paula duncan revealed her battle with depression and attempt to take her own life in an interview with studio 10. harrowing : the actress ' daughter jessica orcsik explained her memories of finding her mother and calling an ambulance. ' i said ` what happened ? ' and she said , ` mum , the supermarket rang to say you 'd collapsed in a foetal position in the park.
it 's that time of year again - the in between seasons moment when you look in your wardrobe and genuinely believe there is nothing suitable for the weather outside. in the springtime , the shops are full of new season clothes that are just waiting for a sunny day but still unsuitable for the ever-changing british weather. cotton dresses , cut-off mini skirts and denim hot pants all need to wait until at least june for an appearance. scroll down for video. lily melrose is a fashion blogger who has 137,000 followers on instagram. uk stylist and blogger lily melrose has come up with 15 style hacks to transform your 2014 wardrobe into 2015 style , without breaking the bank.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- this week , social media heralded as #motheroftheyear toya graham , the baltimore single mom who pulled her son , who was holding a brick , away from the scene of a riot. a video of graham yanking young michael from a group of protesters -- and subsequently pummeling him with her fists and a few slaps upside the head -- went viral. `` why is america celebrating the beating of a black child ? '' asked a writer at the washington post. is n't violence at home what leads to violence outside the home ? is n't this why rioting happens ? i 'm not excusing violence in any form.
jeremy clarkson has finally spoken out about his high-profile sacking from top gear , admitting he will ` miss ' fronting the bbc2 show. clarkson , 54 , who was fired in march after attacking a producer during filming , has not publicly addressed his dismissal , apart from to say that ` everyone 's upset '. but the presenter today gave his ` heartfelt thanks ' to those who sent their support in the aftermath of his sacking , saying he would ` miss being there '. scroll down for video. jeremy clarkson -lrb- left -rrb- today revealed he would ` miss ' fronting top gear , as it emerged that former presenter angela rippon -lrb- right -rrb- would be keen to return to the motoring show.
former teacher mary kay letourneau and her student-turned husband , vili fualaau , have revealed how their relationship became sexual when he was just 12 years old. on the eve of their 10th wedding anniversary , letourneau , 53 , and vili fualaau , 31 , spoke about the rape trial and their marriage in an interview with barbara walters for ' 20/20 ' , which will air tonight. the couple , who have two teenage daughters , met when fualaau was in her second grade class in seattle. speaking to walters , letourneau said they began to spend more time together as she helped him develop his drawing skills that school year and by the summer , their relationship turned sexual.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- when singer avril lavigne went missing from the music scene , there was tons of speculation. was she pregnant ? in rehab ? going through a split from her husband , nickelback front man chad kroeger ? focus on the mystery intensified in december after a fan twitter account posted a direct message from lavigne when she solicited prayers , saying she was `` having some health issues. '' now the canadian singer has revealed to people magazine that she was bedridden for five months after contracting lyme disease. '' lyme disease : what you should know. lavigne believes that she was bitten by a tick last spring.
of a randomly selected group of 50 students who said they followed presidential politics enough to comment , just nine told daily mail online that the former secretary of state would make a good u.s. chief executive. hillary 's detractors were far more passionate than her fans -- a potential problem since she needs a repeat of her grassroots-driven upset 2008 victory here in order to solidify her status as the democrats ' standard-bearer. stacey benton , a government major from florida who leans republican , said a president hillary clinton is ` just going to continue a lot of things obama has been doing.
the five-star hotel in porto celebrates all things wine - port wine , in particular - and has the feel of a place steeped in decades-old tradition , with a prime location , classic design and unblemished attention to detail. but , to my surprise , the yeatman has been open for just five years - a fraction of the age of some of the pricier bottles in its wine cellar. in those five years it has been hitting all the right notes , developing a reputation as a haven for wine lovers and one of portugal 's best luxury hotels.
david cameron has revealed that he and his wife samantha were ` falling apart ' with the pressure of trying to care for their son ivan after he was born disabled. ' his comments were echoed by his wife who , in a separate interview , said the stresses of looking after ivan pushed their relationship close to ` breaking point '. scroll down for video. david cameron has revealed that he and his wife samantha -lrb- pictured together in 2008 with their son ivan -rrb- were ` falling apart ' with the pressure of trying to care for their son after he was born with a rare brain disorder.
celebrated australian designer akira isogawa sent models down the runway with faces covered in sequins at his show on wednesday morning at mercedes-benz fashion week australia. while some models were embellished with just sequinned brows , others sported an entire mask of face bling. the new beauty trend ? models at the akira show at mercedes-benz fashion week in sydney on wednesday sported a full face of sequins. the plastics : on wednesday 's akira models wear pink -lrb- and also plastic head pieces -rrb-. 50 shades of pink : isogawa presented a collection full of bright pinks and reds. teams of make-up artists were pictured backstage working together to apply the sequins by hand one-by-one to models ' faces.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- the world learned his name after he was killed by a south carolina police officer. but in his life , 50-year-old walter scott was also the father of four children and served in the coast guard before being honorably discharged. `` he was outgoing -- loved everybody , -lrb- was -rrb- very known in the community and got along with everybody , '' his brother anthony scott told cnn 's don lemon. '' until it all came crashing down saturday morning , when north charleston police officer michael slager pulled scott over , reportedly for a faulty brake light.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- the arrest and death of freddie gray in baltimore has stoked protests and accusations of police brutality. but it 's unclear how gray , arrested on a weapons charge april 12 , suffered a severe spinal cord injury that led to his death seven days later. what we know : gray was arrested on a weapons charge in a high-crime area of baltimore known for drugs. he `` gave up without the use of force , '' according to baltimore deputy police commissioner jerry rodriguez. an officer apparently took his taser out , and was prepared to use it on gray , but he never deployed it , rodriguez said , and none of the six officers involved in the arrest describe using force against the 25-year-old.
now one of the earliest ` televisors ' -- dating from a time when few could see any possible use for the machine -- is expected to fetch up to # 22,000 at auction. it was manufactured in 1928 - two years after logie baird -lrb- pictured -rrb- first demonstrated a working tv system. this forerunner of the television was manufactured in 1928 -- two years after logie baird first demonstrated a working tv system -- and has the serial number 258. the wooden set has a spiral punched scanning disc which has been fully restored and still has its original tube.
it is a cold , spring night in the heart of liverpool at a football ground bordering huyton , where steven gerrard grew up , so paul scholes is in unfamiliar territory. most of the rest of his party have gone but he lingers as the final minutes are played out , with the score 0-0. it has been a frustrating night for salford city , the club scholes co-owns with former manchester united team-mates ryan giggs , gary neville , phil neville and nicky butt. gary neville and paul scholes attending the salford city game at home to clitheroe town on saturday.
a 78-year-old connecticut man with a long criminal history was arrested on friday , but the man 's lawyer claimed the arrest was a ruse intended to pressure him to talk about the biggest art heist in u.s. history. robert gentile appeared in federal court in hartford ,. connecticut , on friday and was charged with selling a firearm to. his attorney , ryan mcguigan , contended federal bureau of. theft of $ 500million in artwork from boston 's isabel stewart. scroll down for video. robert gentile 's attorney ryan mcguigan -lrb- pictured -rrb- , said that though his client was arrested on a gun charge , he believes the arrest was a ruse to pressure gentile to speak about the $ 500million art heist from 1990.
a little girl gave michelle obama a compliment on wednesday that nearly every aging woman wants to hear. during a question and answer session at the white house for their annual take our daughter 's and son 's to work day a little girl named anya brodie asked michelle obama her age. say that again ! : a little girl named anya brodie asked michelle obama her age and when obama told her she was 51-years-old the little girl just could n't believe it. the girl yelled in amazement , ` you look too young ! ' a flattered obama asked brodie to repeat her effortless compliment back into the microphone , reports cnn.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- anthony ray hinton is 58 years old. until one week ago , when his murder convictions were wiped clean , and hinton walked out of a county jail in birmingham. `` it 's going to take a little time , but i 'll get used to it. for 30 years , he spent most of his time locked in a 5-by-7 cell. the only permissible eating utensil was a plastic spoon. and life in the outside world passed him by : hinton said his hardest day came in 2002 , when he learned his mother had died. hinton was convicted of killing two men -- birmingham-area fast-food restaurant managers john davidson and thomas wayne vason -- but he always said he was innocent.
boston -lrb- cnn -rrb- when the bomb went off , steve woolfenden thought he was still standing. he pulled back the stroller 's cover and saw that his son , leo , 3 , was conscious but bleeding from the left side of his head. '' that was before he noticed his achilles tendon , which resembled transparent tape covered in blood , and his left tibia protruding from his boot. the boot was next to his left stump , he testified before a federal jury thursday , the third day in which survivors and family members of those killed in the boston marathon bombing shared their stories -- often gruesome and heartbreaking -- in the sentencing phase for dzhokhar tsarnaev.
google has been steadily revealing some of the biggest questions its users have typed into the search engine about 2016 presidential candidates. google politics tweeted about former first lady and secretary of state hillary clinton 's announcement that she is seeking the presidency. here are the q 's people are asking @google about clinton in the past hour : ' search : one of the biggest questions about hillary clinton was about how old she is. democratic presidential candidate hillary rodham clinton poses for a photo with simpson college student mackenzie bills , center , after meeting with iowa democratic party lawmakers at the statehouse.
a woman allegedly beat her boyfriend with a bat at their first face-to-face meeting following two years of online dating. haley fox , 24 , of turner , oregon , fractured 26-year-old samuel campbell 's skull with a baseball bat at her home last wednesday. she has been charged with first-degree assault. haley fox , 24 , of oregon , -lrb- left -rrb- allegedly fractured the skull of her 26-year-old online boyfriend samuel campbell -lrb- right -rrb- skull with a baseball bat because she did n't want to date him anymore. earlier this month , he moved to oregon to live with ms fox , according to a report from the marion county sheriff 's office.
it may have been the first time in 41 years that a jockey had won back-to-back grand nationals -- but the most emotional man at aintree yesterday seemed to be mike tindall , whose horse monbeg dude was a fast-finishing third. the former england rugby star and husband of zara phillips , bought the horse for # 12,000 at auction after a boozy dinner and was overcome by the 40-1 outsider 's performance. all i can say is yes the dude !!!!! ' scroll down for video. pay day : the former england rugby star tweeted ` holy s *** , i 'm lost for words and emotions ' what a dude : it 's tense , then zara and mike explode with emotion as monbeg dude finishes.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- the baltimore mother who slapped her son several times and pulled him out of a protest told cnn on wednesday she was n't concerned that she might be embarrassing her son. `` not at all , '' toya graham told cnn 's `` anderson cooper 360 ˚ '' in an interview that aired wednesday night. '' the video of graham yanking her son , michael singleton , and slapping him with a right hand as cnn affiliate wmar recorded has led to the internet calling graham #motheroftheyear. many people have praised the unemployed , single mother of six for going to the mondawmin mall and getting her son away from the escalating violence.
watching george osborne enjoy scampi and chips with a glass of cider and a chat with the locals in a somerset pub garden , it is hard to believe that only three years ago he was virtually scared to leave the safety of his treasury office. there was little evidence his hardline ` austerity britain ' policies were working. ` it 's fair to say that by 2012 it was tough economically , and i got myself into a position where i was hunkered down in the treasury , ' george osborne drinks a pint of somerset cider as he is interviewed by political editor simon walters at the cotley inn , near chard , somerset.
things are going well in the courtroom - and the bedroom - for tv superstar judge judy , according to her husband of 38 years jerry sheindlin. the crusty judge , who 's emmy-winning show was recently renewed , and her husband were in a playful mood as they celebrated her award for her work on the bench at the annual women of the 21st century awards luncheon by the women 's guild cedars-sinai at the beverly wilshire hotel. scroll down for video. judge judy and jerry sheindlin have been married for 38 years - all told. the couple divorced in 1990 only to marry again the following year.
laura robson put her injury frustrations to one side over the weekend by heading to tortuga , a country music festival in florida. ' in recent weeks , robson has been stepping up her attempts at getting back on the tennis court after a lengthy absence. laura robson -lrb- centre -rrb- shared a picture on instagram of her at tortuga festival with two friends. robson 's last appearance came in the 2014 australian open first round where she lost in straight sets. her last appearance was over a year ago , in the first round of the 2014 australian open , where she was swept aside in straight sets by kirtsen flipkens and she has not played since due to a left wrist problem.
as a young girl , chelsea clinton learned to keep secrets. ' that 's a claim from former white house florist ronn payne , retold in a new book based on interviews with more than 100 members of the presidential mansion 's domestic staff. as he walked into the second-floor kitchen one day , he saw chelsea talking on the phone. a member of her secret service protective detail came in behind him to take the clintons ' only child to school. the pigs are here , ' she told her phone pal , according to payne -- using a 1960s-era epithet for law enforcement.
a 17-year-old boy who was killed after breaking out into gangnam style dancing in his local corner shop had aspirations of going on britain 's got talent , his heartbroken mother has revealed. speaking for the first time since jordan brennan 's killer was jailed for eight months for manslaughter , kim reveals how her son was a ` cheeky chappy ' and ` lots of fun ' , and would ` dance and sing all the time. however , the 43-year-old mother-of-five , from gorton , manchester , has slammed what she calls the lenient sentence , saying : ` there is no justice at all.
authorities say a second boy has died after his family 's car plunged into los angeles harbor , killing his 13-year-old brother. the family had left a waterfront restaurant thursday night when their sedan ran off the road alongside a working dock at the port of los angeles , landing upside down in about 30 feet of water. they were n't breathing when rescuers brought them up. the teen died at the hospital several hours later. coroner investigator joseph cronin tells city news service that the eight-year-old boy died friday afternoon. scroll down for video. pulled from the water : a car plunged off a road into los angeles harbor on thursday , and two children pulled from the submerged vehicle were hospitalized in grave condition.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- one war was enough for gregory margolin. now 87 years old , he was a 16-year-old jewish recruit when he fought in the soviet red army. as he fought the nazis in world war ii , his family fled. `` i did not show that i was jewish , '' margolin says. '' this year , in ukraine , he found himself again surrounded by war. margolin was a sniper who rose to be a commander in the army. his old uniform is still adorned with medals from his time in the military. his granddaughter liora still marvels at his stories from the war.
albert park - australian grand prix. sepang - malaysian grand prix. shanghai - chinese grand prix. out of the chinese swamp , where the shanghai circuit was built , and straight into the desert of bahrain - only in a formula one world championship. but as the f1 circus quickly ends up in bahrain after the chinese grand prix , some things do n't appear to have changed at all as , like shanghai , sakhir debuted in 2004 and is designed by herman tilke. bahrain was the first country in the middle east to hold a formula one world championship grand prix but it has been rocked by a number of issues in recent years.
ahead of this weekend 's premier league action , sportsmail will be providing you with all you need to know about every fixture , with team news , provisional squads , betting odds and opta stats. here is all the information you need for west brom 's home clash with leicester ... west bromwich albion vs leicester city -lrb- the hawthorns -rrb-. west brom. craig dawson is set to return for west brom after serving a one-match ban. the defender missed last saturday 's 4-1 defeat to qpr but youssouf mulumbu was sent off in the game and starts a three-game ban against barclays premier league rivals leicester.
jimmy anderson has been motivated to play 100 tests for england by the bitter memories of being marginalised in the early stages of his outstanding career. anderson makes his landmark appearance here in antigua on monday needing just four wickets to overtake sir ian botham and become the leading test wicket-taker in england 's history. jimmy anderson takes part in an england practice session on saturday ahead of his 100th test on monday. anderson and the england players are put through their paces as they sprint up a hill. ` obviously i was playing county cricket , which was great , but the ultimate is playing for england and i want to do that for as long as possible.
your private medical information is under threat. that 's according to a study that found almost 30 million health records nationwide were involved in criminal theft , malicious hacking or other data breaches over four years. compromised information included patients ' names , home addresses , ages , illnesses , test results or social security numbers. most involved electronic data and theft , including stolen laptops and computer thumb drives. the study did n't examine motives behind criminal breaches , or how stolen data might have been used , but cyber-security experts say thieves may try to use patients ' personal information to fraudulently obtain medical services.
a mysterious ` ring of fire ' has been spotted in space thanks to albert einstein 's theory of relatively. the ring , located 12 billion light years away , is an illusion created by the chance alignment of two distant galaxies. the striking circular structure is a rare manifestation of gravitational lensing predicted by albert einstein in his theory of general relativity. scroll down for video. the bright orange central region of the ring - alma 's highest resolution observation ever - reveals the glowing dust in this distant galaxy. gravitational lensing occurs when a massive galaxy or cluster of galaxies bends the light emitted from a more distant galaxy , forming a highly magnified , though much distorted image.
sami khedira is still weighing up his next move but has interest from manchester united and chelsea. united have maintained an interest in the germany international since failing to sign him in august 2013. his representatives have spoken to schalke on a number of occasions but the fifth placed bundesliga side have been struggling to come up with a suitable financial package while he also has concerns about the strength of their squad. although khedira said last month : ' i love real madrid and it 'll be hard to leave this club - i 'll give all i 've got until the last moments of my contract , let nobody doubt that ' , real will not now offer him a new deal.
i could n't wait to get out of bournemouth , even though i loved the place. i can tell you now that wide player matt ritchie is a contender for my ` 10 to watch ' for next season -- he is dynamite. eddie howe raises his arms in triumph after bournemouth sealed premier league promotion. and i ca n't wait to see callum wilson in the top flight. he is like ian wright , an exploding champagne bottle of a player ; shake him up and watch him fizz. gary lineker asked if we have found ` the english special one ' , but eddie is not the special one.
the stage was set for the coronation of king jimmy on tuesday but west indies stubbornly refused to hurry him to his throne. the perfect script for this first test saw anderson taking the four wickets he needed to become the most prolific bowler in england 's history in his 100th game with record holder sir ian botham here and waiting to crown his successor. certainly anderson would not have expected to play a more significant role with bat than ball on the second day of this first test as west indies did much to make up for their profligacy in the last two sessions of the first.
david crossley developed large kidney stones. in fact , david , 63 , a musculoskeletal therapist from birmingham , admits : ' i would often be so busy at the clinic that i 'd forget to drink any liquid at all , other than the odd cup of tea or coffee. he noticed a vague ache in his abdomen , stretching around to his back. ` as i had some bloating , he sent me for an ultrasound. ' this revealed two large stones in his right kidney - a direct result , his doctors believe , of his low fluid intake.
marseille , france -lrb- cnn -rrb- the french prosecutor leading an investigation into the crash of germanwings flight 9525 insisted wednesday that he was not aware of any video footage from on board the plane. marseille prosecutor brice robin told cnn that `` so far no videos were used in the crash investigation. '' robin 's comments follow claims by two magazines , german daily bild and french paris match , of a cell phone video showing the harrowing final seconds from on board germanwings flight 9525 as it crashed into the french alps. all 150 on board were killed. paris match and bild reported that the video was recovered from a phone at the wreckage site.
but that 's the kind of thing the unfortunate owners of some of the world 's most haunted pieces of furniture have had to deal with. from the indiana ` ghost cane ' to the ` chair of death ' , these regular household fixtures are sure to give you the creeps. scroll down for video. this haunted mirror -lrb- left -rrb- is said to contain the trapped souls of the wife and children of a louisiana slave master while bruno amadio 's portrait of a weeping child -lrb- right -rrb- was thought to have been cursed. four people reportedly died shortly after sitting in this 200-year old ` chair of death ' now in philadelphia.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- the coxes can rest more comfortably living in georgia now that their 5-year-old daughter can get the marijuana extract she needs. gov. nathan deal signed a bill thursday that will legalize low-thc cannabis oil for certain `` medication-resistant epilepsies , '' while creating an infrastructure , registration process and research program for the drug. -lrb- thc is the primary psychoactive substance in marijuana. the bill is dubbed haleigh 's hope act. haleigh , who has been the face of the bill , was having hundreds of seizures a day and the five potent drugs meant to control them were n't making life better for the little girl.
audi tt roadster 2.0 tfsi s line quattro -lrb- 230ps -rrb-. evolution : the new 2.0 tfsi s line quattro -lrb- pictured -rrb- is fun to drive with lively acceleration that takes it from rest to 62 mph in just 6.1. the interior of a manual version of the audi soft-top can be seen here.
bowling green basketball coach chris jans has been fired for acting inappropriately during a drunken night out at a local bar. the university , in ohio , took action after damning footage emerged of the coach touching an unidentified woman 's behind on march 21. a source told reporters that the incident was so heated a woman slapped him before he was asked to leave. scroll down for video. bowling green basketball coach chris jans has been fired after witnesses say he acted ` aggressively and inappropriately ' at an off-campus bar. the university took action after footage emerged of the coach touching an unidentified woman 's behind on march 21.
who does n't love a hot cross bun at easter ? in britain we so enjoy the spiced , sweet rolls with a cross on top , that they used to be eaten all year round. the move was greeted with uproar , so she compromised , saying they could only be sold on good friday , at christmas and for burials -- and they have been prime easter fare ever since. nowadays supermarkets bring out ever more permutations to tempt customers , from miniature sizes to new flavours like toffee fudge chunk and apple and cinnamon. here is best of the batch this easter.
roger federer spent less than one hour on court in his monte carlo opener with a 6-2 , 6-1 win over jeremy chardy. federer , who has changed his schedule this year to allow more time for recovery and training , played his first match since his loss in the indian wells final in march. roger federer defeated jeremy chardy in his monte carlo opener 6-2 , 6-1 to reach the last 16. the match was federer 's first since his loss in the indian wells final in march. ` it 's difficult to make any kind of judgment after a 55-minute match , but i 'm feeling good at training , ' said federer , a four-time runner-up in monte carlo.
a week in the bahamas , lapping up the sun and the odd glass of champagne , gazing across the yachts bobbing in the marina. but poulter promises this break , just weeks before the first major of the year , means he will be fit and fresh for his latest assault on augusta national. ` i hate tempting fate , ' he says while reclining on a lounger in his luxury holiday apartment in new providence. but i 'm not telling you ! ' ian poulter lines up his putt for birdie on the 18th hole during the first round of the arnold palmer invitational.
for chris brugger the cost of staying alive is $ 16,000 every three weeks. this is what the new south wales leukaemia patient must pay for a new drug treatment that is keeping him alive. the 35-year-old , father-of-two from griffith says the non-taxpayer subsidised treatment for his hodgkin 's disease - brentuximab vedotin - has improved his condition dramatically. scroll down for video. the brugger family -lrb- from left to right : tomas , naomi , liam and chris -rrb- attended a senate inquiry on monday in canberra. chris relaxs at the kinghorn cancer centre as he receives his first dose of brentuximab in january.
a new orleans couple bought a ramshackle historic cottage , moved it across the city and renovated it all the while using salvaged materials and respecting the home 's original floor plan. gaby tillero and greg ensslen bought the the two-story 1840s creole home from the central city neighborhood after a church said they wanted to demolish it and expand their parking lot. tillero and her husband ensslen now live in the home with their two sons , six-year-old santiago and nine-year-old javier , as well as tillero 's mother , olga tillero. scroll down for video. gaby tillero and greg ensslen bought this 1840s creole cottage style home in the central city neighborhood of new orleans almost two years ago.
new york -lrb- cnn -rrb- wall street is more than ready for hillary clinton. the former secretary of state confirmed on sunday what the political world has expected for months -- eight years after her first failed white house bid , clinton will once again seek the democratic party 's nomination for president. `` i 'm hitting the road to earn your vote , because it 's your time , '' clinton said in a video released sunday afternoon officially kicking off her campaign. '' as clinton sets off onto the campaign trail to reintroduce herself to voters and court donors across the country , wall street elites are ready to roll out the red carpet.
inspirational speaker turia pitt , who suffered horrific burns when she was caught in a bushfire , has revealed she still struggles to overcome her near-death ordeal. the 27-year-old said just the smell from a barbecue brought back the traumatic moment she was trapped for four hours where she suffered burns to 65 per cent of her body. speaking to a networking wa audience at crown perth on wednesday , the burns survivor said she still feels haunted when she talks about being caught in the bushfire when she competed in an ultra-marathon in kimberley in september 2011. ' scroll down for video.
ben flower was given the honour of leading wigan 's victory song after helping them to a 30-20 win over warrington on his return from a six-month suspension. the 27-year-old wales forward did not get among the scorers but he did enough to impress coach shaun wane on his first appearance since being sent off in the warriors ' grand final defeat by st helens last october. ' i was a bit apprehensive for him but i thought he played really well - he belted a few people - and he led the song in the dressing room. wigan warriors forward ben flower takes on warrington 's micky higham -lrb- left -rrb- and roy asotasi.
aston villa deserved their victory at wembley on sunday and there were two players at the heart of it all. jack grealish was fantastic but fabian delph was the best player on the pitch. on saturday , i said his battle with jordan henderson would be key to the game. delph was different class. he looked like the player we all felt he could become when he emerged at leeds. as for grealish , for a young man to play like that on his first visit to wembley was magnificent. jack grealish , fabian delph and christian benteke celebrate as aston villa reached the fa cup final.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- this is week three of an ongoing series : a catholic reads the bible. i am horrified by the story of lot in genesis. lot and the destruction of sodom and gomorrah was new to me. i actually had n't put two and two together that sodom is the origin of the word sodomy. lot is the central character in the grim story of sodom and gomorrah 's demise in chapter 19. you are introduced to the city by abraham who tries to save the town. in the preceding chapter , abraham asks god to agree that if he can find 10 good people in the town , god wo n't smite it.
-lrb- the hollywood reporter -rrb- the original cast of twin peaks is backing david lynch in his salary standoff with showtime. the stars have teamed together for a video backing the show 's co-creator with a #savetwinpeaks campaign that says doing the revival without lynch is `` like pies without cherries , '' among other nods to the original drama series. sherilyn fenn , sheryl lee , james marshall , peggy lipton and other familiar faces from the series appear in the video. -lrb- some members have also set up a facebook page. showtime renews ` shameless , ' orders ` happyish ' to series.
andy lee will leave new york with his head held high and a burgeoning reputation firmly intact. a dramatic , frenetic 12 rounds here saw the irishman sent sprawling in the very first against the dangerous peter quillin , the man who vacated the wbo middleweight title lee won so gloriously in las vegas last december before the result was deemed a draw. no mean feat considering he fought for a lengthy period with a strained biceps muscle in his left arm. peter quillin -lrb- left -rrb- and andy lee stand with the referee after the judges declared their bout a draw.
so visitors to dornoch 's golf course or the sutherland town 's historic cathedral were surprised instead to be pointed in the direction of some toilets , the local gp ... and an abattoir. and even if bewildered tourists did suddenly fancy a trip to the slaughterhouse , they would discover it is in the process of being demolished. on a visit to the scottish town of dornoch , tourists are pointed towards the local slaughterhouse. visitors to dornoch , pictured , have to move quickly if they wish to visit the abattoir - as its being demolished. the bizarre sign caused an online stir after it was posted on twitter and retweeted by scots crime writer ian rankin.
north west was a happy traveller on tuesday as she arrived in paris with her famous parents. the only child of kim kardashian and kanye west wore a bright smile as she sat in her pram while her mother pushed them out of the airport. the family of three had arrived in paris after nori was baptised in jerusalem and they had finished a tour of the old city , as well as kim 's home nation of armenia. scroll down for video. giddy : the only only child of kim kardashian and kanye west giggled as she sat in her pram while her mother pushed them out of the charles-de-gaulle airport.
a spanish town on the camino de santiago pilgrimage route is warning pilgrims and other visitors to stop defecating along the famous path. graphic signs telling visitors not to stop for a poo break during their walk to the holy city of santiago de compostela , in north-western spain , have been erected in the municipality of lastres. someone in the municipality of lastres has posted signs warning pilgrims not to defecate on the trail. the pilgrimage , known as the way of st james , attracts thousands of pilgrims every year , but there can be very few places to go when nature calls.
the sigma alpha epsilon -lrb- sae -rrb- fraternity at clemson university in south carolina has been put on probation for two years after the group held a christmas theme party that flared up racial tensions on campus. the ` cripmas ' party , held last december , had white students throwing stereotypical gang symbols while dressed in red and blue bandanas , t-shirts with images of the late rapper tupac shakur and fake ` thug ' tattoos. the party was also reportedly attended by female students from several sororities. ' the sigma alpha epsilon -lrb- sae -rrb- fraternity at clemson university in south carolina has been put on probation for two years after the group held a christmas theme party that flared up racial tensions on campus.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- when the earthquake hit , many of nepal 's most renowned pagodas in and around kathmandu crumbled into rubble-covered stumps. but the kathmandu valley 's other pagodas , stupas and shrines -- also built mostly of red brick hundreds of years ago -- suffered surprisingly little damage and remained standing next to structures which disappeared. the worst architectural losses have included the majestic shiva temple pagoda and its twin , the narayan temple pagoda , which dominated kathmandu 's main durbar square. from the late 1960s onwards , western hippy backpackers who traveled the legendary overland route to kathmandu would climb the shiva pagoda 's wide , nine-step plinth , sit in the shade under the triple-layered roofs , smoke hashish and enjoy the lofty view.
from organising eggs hunts to whipping up chocolate cup cakes at midnight , celebrities are , it seems , just like the rest of us when it comes to easter. from kim kardashian 's last-minute baskets for toddler north west to myleene klass ' bunny-themed egg hunt , the stars took to instagram to show how they celebrated easter. kim kardashian. captioning the last-minute picture : ` easter prep ! ' , kim appeared to be filling four baskets with plenty of treats including chocolate bunnies , peeps marshmallows and jelly belly jellybeans. mariah carey. making easter cupcakes ! mariah appeared to be a dab hand with the cake mix while whipping up late-night treats for her three-year-old twins moroccan and monroe.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- chanting `` no justice ! no peace ! '' protesters rallied in baltimore late tuesday , the same day police released the names of the officers involved in the arrest of freddie gray. gray died of a spinal injury sunday , exactly one week after he was taken into custody. demonstrators marched to a local police station that was protected by barricades. one man was arrested after crossing that barricade , but the protest was peaceful. many of the protesters clasped hands , and raised them in a show of support. `` make some noise for freddie gray , '' one man shouted into a megaphone.
a masked burglar stole vintage watches worth more than # 200,000 from an antiques shop in a mission impossible-style raid by crawling along the floor to avoid setting off the infrared beams. ` like a snake ' : this cctv footage shows how a masked thief avoided infrared beams during a raid on a jewellers in hampstead , north london , by crawling around the shop in a ` mission impossible ' - style heist. mission impossible : the burglar , who crawled around the shop on his front , spent just eight minutes in the luxury shop before fleeing with more than # 200,000 worth of stock.
an armed man has been arrested after kidnapping a woman , shooting and killing census bureau guard and leading police on a car chase before authorities cornered him in an exchange of gunfire that left him and a police officer wounded. ronald anderson , 48 , who was charged in the crime spree , was previously convicted of manslaughter and recently was arrested in an assault case involving his ` visibly afraid ' girlfriend , according to court documents obtained on friday. anderson was arrested february 17 on a charge of assaulting his girlfriend in the washington , d.c. , suburb of prince george 's county , according to court records.
arsene wenger is so respected and so clearly a deeply intelligent man that every now and then you find yourself nodding sagely at something he has said which , upon closer examination , turns out to sound right but to have decidedly unsubstantial foundations. but last week it was on the issue of quotas , or more specifically fa chairman greg dyke 's idea of increasing the number of homegrown players in a premier league squad of 25 from eight to 12. ` i believe that we are in the world of competition , ' said wenger in one of his regular interviews to bein sports.
a morbidly obese man has started documenting his efforts to lose more than 300lbs - without weight loss surgery - after the intense back pain brought on by his size prompted him to get serious about his health. but after a series of health issues , the 39-year-old became inspired to shed more than half of his body weight the natural way and chronicle his journey for the des moines register. ' i know i 'm responsible for my actions , ' the columnist wrote for the newspaper 's website. ' scroll down for video. weight loss journey : daniel p. finney , 39 , of iowa , is sharing his efforts to lose over 300lbs ; he started out weighing 563lbs and has lost 20lbs in a month.
yesterday the countess of wessex and princess beatrice were not exactly fly-away style winners with their feathered hats as they joined the queen at windsor for an easter sunday service. sophie , 50 , wife of prince edward , wore a beret-style percher hat topped with large , dark plumes , while beatrice , 26 , the elder daughter of the duke of york and sarah ferguson , opted for an unusual blue creation. with them , and sporting a slightly more subtly coloured hat embellished with a large rose , was autumn phillips , 36 , wife of the queen 's grandson peter phillips.
there 's no denying that the british interior aesthetic has come a long way over the past several decades. whether you prefer the earthy aesthetic of the atomic age or the bold hues of the brit-pop '90s , airbnb rentals offers places that cater to interior decor of all tastes. here , mailonline travel guides you through the decades to find the best offerings from each era ... scroll down for video. it was the age of modernism , with an emphasis on open living spaces , and the landgate cottage in rye demonstrates this to a tee. the cottage , which sleeps four , features dark wood beamed ceilings and plenty of mid-century furnishings , situated ideally near the town citadel.
stars of women 's tennis put on their glad rags to attend the porsche grand prix tennis opening ceremony in stuttgart on monday. defending champion maria sharapova was joined by players including ana ivanovic , caroline wozniacki , sabine lisicki , and angelique kerber ahead of their opening matches at the clay court tournament. ana ivanovic -lrb- l-r -rrb- , sabine lisicki , angelique kerber , caroline wozniacki and maria sharapova strike a pose. ivanovic speaks to wozniacki -lrb- right -rrb- during the opening ceremony of the porsche grand prix tennis event. the women 's tennis stars wave to the crowd ahead of their games at the clay court tournament in stuttgart.
a man who lost his sight 12 years ago has discovered a love of painting and can create amazing images just by touch. john bramblitt , 42 , had epilepsy from the age of 11 and over the next 19 years it slowly caused him to lose his eyesight. at the age of 30 , the artist from denton in texas was completely blind. scroll down for video. artist john bramblitt , right , discovered his love of painting after losing his sight some 12 years ago. the artist uses a special technique using a fabric paint to create an outline before colouring in the work.
russia are on the brink of making the fed cup final with a 2-0 lead after anastasia pavlyuchenkova saved a match point to beat germany 's sabine lisicki on saturday. pavlyuchenkova saved the match point in the second set before going on to beat lisicki 4-6 , 7-6 -lrb- 4 -rrb- , 6-3 , after svetlana kuznetsova beat julia goerges in straight sets in the opening rubber. ' anastasia pavlyuchenkova of russia beat germany 's sabine lisicki for a 2-0 lead in their fed cup tie. svetlana kuznetsova had earlier beaten julia goerges in straight sets. both players had problems on their serve - pavlyuchenkova racked up 13 double faults but lisicki 's 63 unforced errors proved crucial.
this game is being billed as beauty v the beast , but do n't underestimate arsene wenger. the philosophy wenger has imposed has made arsenal popular throughout the world. people love to watch them , certainly more than jose mourinho 's teams. but on sunday , he is up against the ultimate pragmatist -- mourinho finds any way to win. chelsea have conceded just two goals in their last six clashes with arsenal , keeping four clean sheets in the process. mourinho does exactly what 's necessary. so while wenger always aims to win , he still cares about the brand of football played.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- when drinkers in clayton 's , a beachfront bar in south padre island , texas , belly up for a round of shots , bartender casey belue can usually guess what they 'll order. it comes in a yellow-labeled bottle with a fire-breathing demon on it. it tastes like big red chewing gum. it 's fireball cinnamon whisky , and lately it 's been as hot as its name. fireball , which did n't exist in its current form a decade ago , is the fastest-growing big brand of liquor in america. retail sales more than doubled last year , and fireball has come seemingly out of nowhere to become the sixth-most popular liquor brand in the u.s. as measured by retail sales -- ahead of such venerable labels as jim beam , jose cuervo and grey goose.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- the golden state could soon refer to the hue of california 's lawns. gov. jerry brown on wednesday imposed mandatory water restrictions for the first time on residents , businesses and farms , ordering cities and towns in the drought-ravaged state to reduce usage by 25 %. '' the 25 % cut in usage amounts to roughly 1.5 million acre-feet of water -lrb- an acre foot of water equals about 325,000 gallons -rrb- over the next nine months , state officials said. `` this historic drought demands unprecedented action , '' brown said , standing on a patch of dry , brown grass in the sierra nevada mountains that is usually blanketed by up to 5 feet of snow.
big-hearted ipswich town left back tyrone mings has seemingly paid off his mother 's debts in his latest act of generosity. the 22-year-old posted a text message conversation between him and his mother on his instagram account. ' tyrone mings has seemingly paid off his mother 's debts in an act of generosity. mings posted a screengrab of a text message conversation on his instagram account. mings replied two minutes later : ` aww mumma you deserve every penny. ' alongside the screengrab , mings wrote : ` this is why i do it , this makes worth it -lsb- sic -rsb- ' his apparent act of generosity drew over 2,000 ` likes ' and lots of praise from his followers , with many saying he was a role model that children should look up to.
unruly hair is making my life a misery. what really works on frizzy hair like mine ? deborah , 43 , lanarkshire. deborah described her naturally curly hair as a ` frizz nightmare '. she is not alone. taming frizzy hair can be a constant battle. ` my hair can look amazing if a professional hairstylist blow-dries it , ' says deborah. ` if i am doing it , however , it 's a challenge because it 's so hard to control and so quick to go frizzy. scroll down for video. deborah before -lrb- l -rrb- and after -lrb- r -rrb- the the nanokeratin system hair relaxing treatment.
nicola adams has been forced to withdraw from this weekend 's english national championships following a burglary at her home in leeds. adams had been due to contest the women 's 51kg flyweight division including a prospective final showdown against her great britain rival lisa whiteside. olympic gold medallist nicola adams has had to pull out of the english national championships. adams said in a statement : ` nothing makes me prouder than boxing on home ground with the support i get from the nation. we would like to thank everyone for their understanding and support - the boxing team , the police and all my supporters.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- ultrahaptics is a young company with a big dream : changing the way we interact with electronic devices. their technology creates tactile three-dimensional shapes literally out of thin air , using ultrasound. '' through an emission of sound waves , sensations are projected through the air and to the user. changes in air pressure are perceived as suspended tactile surfaces , creating invisible -- but tangible -- interfaces. the rising tide of virtual reality seems unstoppable : facebook 's oculus rift and magic leap are leading the pack , but several other companies are readying devices in a field that could shake the foundations of electronic entertainment.
but take your crew 90 minutes north of the big apple to mohonk mountain house in the heart of the hudson valley and you 'll not regret it for a second. it gets its name from the surrounding mohonk preserve , on the fringes of the monumental shawangunk ridge , a vast cliff band that runs down through pennsylvania to new jersey. the hotel is a faux-gothic victorian castle and may look too faux to european eyes , but the lake , gardens and trails are a vast adventure playground for all ages. a world away : the faux-gothic victorian castle hotel mohonk mountain house enjoys a spectacular location.
as holidays go , kim kardashian has long had the pick of the planet. sitting on a bank balance that could sustain a small country , means that the cost of flights and accommodation has never been an issue for the reality tv star. scroll down for video. kim has long had her pick of holiday destinations - so how have her holiday tastes changed over the years ? this month , kim and her husband kanye west made a high-profile tour of armenia and israel to baptise their daughter and retrace the kardashian roots. paris is top of her travel-list and she has spent increasing amounts of time in the french capital with her husband.
a lonely man has taken his search for love - or lust - online , posting an advertisement complete with his desires , or ` requirements '. the outback casanova , who lives in humpty doo , northern territory , detailed his dream girl on gumtree. ` wanted !!!!! girlfriend/wife , must love pets ... accomodation available , position may offer company car , phone and laptop , to the ` successful candidate ' , ' it reads. scroll down for video. ` rich ' who lives in humpty doo , northern territory , detailed his dream girl on gumtree. ' the 31-year-old 's advertisement included a list of requirements in his potential partner , and personal details about himself.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- the head of the libyan army has rejected the possibility of cooperating with any eu military intervention in his country intended to stem the flow of undocumented migrants trying to reach europe. in an exclusive interview friday with cnn 's becky anderson , libyan army head gen. khalifa haftar said libyan authorities had not been consulted and , in any event , military action would not solve the problem. '' the european union is struggling to cope with an increasing number of people crowding into unseaworthy boats and trying to reach european shores. many of the travelers are fleeing violence and poverty in libya and elsewhere in the region.
travelling can be tiring , especially if there are many flights involved and jet lag. redditor roxambops , aka roxy de la rosa posted the pictures of dozing alex elenes on the social networking site this week with the caption : ` went to the amazon , cousin slept everywhere. the traveller went on a trip of a lifetime to see the amazon rainforest ... but he missed the whole thing being asleep ! dozing away ! even a trip piranha fishing could not stir the slumberer from his nap. incredible nature moments the traveller missed due to napping include a pink dolphin watching tour and even a nail-biting piranha fishing expedition.
saturday 's game is absolutely huge for both teams. win and arsenal go second to put huge pressure on manchester city. lose and liverpool will be nine points behind arsene wenger 's side. olivier giroud v kolo toure/mamadou sakho. with no martin skrtel , olivier giroud will be licking his lips. kolo toure and mamadou sakho are both solid enough but they are nervous in possession and they will miss the experience and physicality of skrtel. if dejan lovren is fit , i expect him to play , but if not , do n't be surprised if giroud gets on the scoresheet.
usually a highlight of mercedes-benz fashion week australia , alex perry 's name is a notable absence from the schedule in 2015. the designer revealed in february that he would not be presenting a collection at the sydney event this week , and revealed to daily mail australia on sunday that he was enjoying ` taking a breather '. scroll down for video. perry pulls out of presenting : acclaimed designer alex perry opts out of showing at this year 's mbfwa. this is only the second fashion week the design powerhouse has missed in two decades. ' fashion favourite : perry says kym ellery -lrb- pictured left -rrb- is one of his favourite designers showing this week.
an incredible video has stitched together footage from a nasa spacecraft , revealed the beauty of the solar surface as it bursts with energy. taken over five years , the footage includes plasma raining down on the sun , an extreme solar eruption and even a comet breezing through the sun 's atmosphere. scroll down for video. filmmaker michael könig from cologne , germany has created an amazing video showing solar activity -lrb- shown -rrb-. it was made by stitching together footage from nasa 's solar dynamics observatory over five years. the movie , called sun , was created by filmmaker michael könig from cologne , germany.
the king of the baize in the 1980s believes the whirlwind and the doyenne of the women 's tour face tall orders to get through qualifying for the betfred world championship. evans saw her task made all the more intimidating when she was drawn to face 1997 world champion ken doherty on thursday , in the first of three preliminary rounds , while white will tackle fellow veteran james wattana in his opener on saturday. steve davis will attempt to qualify for this year 's betfred world championship at the crucible. but davis , who will also attempt to qualify , expects both would relish the challenge if they fought their way through to the first round in sheffield.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- hillary clinton is now officially a candidate for president -- and the never ending clinton story rumbles on. she started as the first lady that the right loved to hate , then the deceived wife , next a senator , then a candidate for president in one of the most dynamic primaries in history and finally , a secretary of state. the republicans have their aristocratic bushes , the democrats have their clintons. and if hillary or jeb were to win two presidential terms , then in the 44 years from 1981 to 2025 , 28 will have had a clinton or a bush in the white house.
valencia midfielder andre gomes insists he has no intention of leaving the club this summer. the 21-year-old has been linked with premier league duo manchester united and chelsea in some quarters but he says remaining at the mestalla is his preferred option. ' valencia midfielder andre gomes -lrb- right -rrb- , pictured in action against villarreal , says he wants to stay at the club. reports have linked gomes with a move to premier league duo manchester united and chelsea. the portuguese midfielder has netted four times in 25 la liga appearances since leaving benfica last summer , helping valencia to fourth place in the table.
hundreds of survivalists and so-called ` preppers ' , of all ages and levels of ` experience ' , descended on the salt lake city , utah , suburb of sandy on friday for the nation 's first ever preppercon. during the two-day expo , they were shown specially-equipped underground bunkers , learned new methods of storing food , tried out solar powered flashlights - and even dressed up as zombies. they were also greeted by actors from the amc hit show ` the walking dead ' , including addy miller , who took pictures with fans and acted as a judge in an emergency preparedness food cook-off.
the 12-year-old daughter of the mailman who landed his gyrocopter on the lawn of the u.s. capitol last week has said she was ` downright proud ' of her dad. ' her father , 61-year-old doug hughes , landed the aircraft on the west lawn last wednesday to protest campaign finance laws but was swiftly taken into custody. he is now under house arrest at their ruskin , florida home as he awaits a hearing to determine if he will go on trial for crossing a no-fly zone , a charge that could send him to prison for four years. on monday , hughes called his 80-mile journey to the capitol ' a huge thrill ' and shared footage of the flight from virginia , across washington d.c. and his safe landing on the west lawn.
leroy j. toppins went missing on friday night while playing with siblings in the front yard of his family 's home in washington court house , ohio. his parents worriedly reported him missing after he disappeared about 6pm. however at 7pm , the boy 's body was found in a pond at an old stone quarry , a short distance from where he was last seen , local network nbc 4. the quarry had been abandoned for years. tragedy : leroy j. toppins went missing about 6pm friday while playing with siblings in the front yard of his family 's home in washington court house , ohio.
a new york woman has worn the same ensemble to work every day for three years. scroll down for video. ' -lsb- i kept thinking -rsb- , `` is this too formal ? is that too out there ? is this dress too short ? '' i finally chose something i regretted as soon as i hit the subway platform. ' arriving at her meeting late , frazzled and wearing an inside-out sweater , while her male colleagues and new boss looked relaxed and at-ease , left her feeling frustrated and wondering why she 'd bothered with the stress of it at all.
greg rusedski has supported aljaz bedene 's bid to overturn an international tennis federation ruling and become eligible to represent great britain in the davis cup. slovenia-born bedene secured a british passport last month but can not currently represent his new nation in the competition having played twice for slovenia in 2010 and 2011. world 99 aljaz bedene is not giving up hope in his quest to play for great britain in the davis cup. bedene has greg rusedski 's support in his bid to overturn the itf 's ruling that he ca n't play for great britain. ` at the moment when it comes to the davis cup he does n't even factor into the discussion unless he gets the itf to overturn their current ruling.
a heartbroken mother has spoken out about her relentless grief after her baby son was brutally murdered in a random attack when a stranger broke into their home. casey veal 's son zayden was just 10 months old when he was bludgeoned to death by a drug-crazed burglar who broke into their bendigo home at random , whilst the baby slept in his cot in june 2012. the culprit was 19-year-old harley hicks who bashed baby zayden more than 30 times with a homemade baton during a senseless and unprovoked robbery , fuelled by ice and marijuana. casey veal 's son zayden was just 10 months old when he was bludgeoned to death by a drug-crazed burglar who broke into their bendigo home at random in the middle of the night as the family slept.
a taxi driver channelled his inner pavarotti and produced an emotionally charged opera performance to the surprise of his customers. the uber driver was filmed by passengers as he sang along to a radio broadcast while driving in boston , america. at first the driver lets the radio take command and pavarotti 's distinctive voice can be heard from within side the cab. at first the driver lets the radio play before he begins singing along to the pavarotti song in perfect tune. while looking around as he drives , the uber worker continues to sing along to the song both in tune and word perfectly.
restaurant critic and festival curator leo schofield , 79 , claimed living in tasmania was the unhappiest time of his life. an australian festival organiser has slammed tasmania as a state full ` dregs , bogans and third-generation morons '. in a scathing article , long time restaurant critic and festival curator leo schofield , 79 , claimed living in tasmania was the unhappiest time of his life and the decade he spent there left him feeling bitter and depressed. ' i think i came very close to either a nervous breakdown or suicide. mr schofield moved to hobart to set up a baroque music festival in what he claims was an attempt to help tasmanians take advantage of its grand heritage.
one of australia 's most prestigious universities will review its methods of plagiarism detection after it was claimed dozens of students who paid to have assignments written will not be punished because the university can not identify them. chinese-born yingying dou , 30 , reportedly ran the mymaster website which charged up to $ 1000 per assignment and was used by hundreds of students across 12 nsw universities. the university of sydney was provided with evidence that its students had ordered 40 assignments from the mymaster website after an investigation by fairfax media. but internal emails show just five students have been found guilty of cheating , the sydney morning herald reported.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- most airline pilots have an above average ability to compartmentalize personal problems. the cockpit is our `` safe '' place. the flight deck is a structured world of black and white. standardization. stress from the job is an accepted part of our career. however , sometimes during the course of an airline pilot 's career , or anyone 's career for that matter , stress issues may manifest as depression. depression is treatable. and for airline pilots , it is no longer debilitating to our livelihood. the federal aviation administration now approves certain prescribed medication , allowing us to continue flying until depression is no longer a factor.
no footballer has ever been late for kick-off because he was tied up negotiating a new contract. so , from the start , raheem sterling 's explanation for the end of his conversations with liverpool did not stand up. no player is sat in an office haggling over image rights , only to check his watch at 3.30 pm and bolt out of the door. his brain may whirl over where he will play next season. liverpool ? arsenal ? abroad ? yet postponing the process to the end of the season does n't solve that issue. if sterling wanted to stop thinking right now , he could sign his new deal or tell liverpool to come back in a year.
kansas has become the first state to ban a common second-trimester abortion procedure that critics describe as dismembering a fetus. republican gov. sam brownback , a strong abortion opponent , signed the ` kansas unborn child protection from dismemberment abortion act on tuesday. the law bans the so-called ` dilation and evacuation ' procedure and redefines it as ` dismemberment abortion. ' sam brownback , the governor of kansas , tweeted a photo on tuesday showing him signing the abortion-ban bill into law. kansas abortion opponents have spent years pushing their state to the right on the contentious issue , including this 2013 rally at the steps of the kansas statehouse in topeka.
tattoo-loving soldiers in the u.s. army will soon be able to get inked on their arms and legs thanks to changing rules , officials announced wednesday. regulations about the size and number of tattoos are also set to be dropped , according to sergeant major of the army dan dailey. ` as long as it 's not visible in the army uniform ... that 's the spirit of what we went after , ' dailey told the army times. army chief of staff gen. ray odierno announced policy change at the association of the united states army conference in huntsville , alabama.
while the debate about whether workers prefer a cubicle over an open office layout , a office furniture company has come up with a design that is possibly a happy medium. scroll down for video. office furniture company steelcase designed the work space seating to provide privacy in an open office setting -lrb- above designs of the brody worklounge -rrb-. the seating will be available for purchase in late august starting at $ 2,700. brody features an led task light , privacy screen , foot rest , storage space and personal adjustable work surface. the brody , which will be available late august starting at $ 2,700 , sort of resembles both a desk and an office and is created to limit distractions by creating a shelter while also providing privacy , according to the company.
most teens would be mortified to have a parent chaperone their prom - let alone take one of them as a date. the 17-year-old albertville , alabama high school junior was proud to be escorted by her grandfather to the annual end-of-year dance this weekend. webb told daily mail online that she asked her 80-year-old ` poppa ' james drain to prom because he never got to attend the dance himself. drain dropped out of school after the eighth grade and then enlisted in the navy in 1951 at age 17 - just in time to be shipped off to serve in the korea war.
it is probably fair to say that never before in the history of the masters has a crowd 10 deep assembled around the first tee at 4.20 pm on the first official day of practice. tiger woods returns to action at augusta national golf club to practice ahead of the masters 2015. woods is given a warm welcome from the crowd and soon stops to sign autographs for some of his fans. woods was making his first public appearance in 60 days since announcing a hiatus from golf. woods is greeted by european ryder cup captain darren clarke -lrb- right -rrb- at augusta national golf club.
giant hailstones the size of plums crashed down over the south on tuesday with residents rushing out to capture the freak weather. twitter user arke usa from bryant , arkansas , filmed the ice balls peppering his backyard and noisily plopping into the swimming pool. footage shows the hailstones coming down at speed , with many cracking as they hit the ground. in a matter of seconds the patio is completely covered in snow-white pellets. caught on camera : giant hailstones the size of plums crashed down over the south on tuesday with residents rushing out to capture the freak weather.
the fiancé of a beloved georgia teacher is speaking out about the night the woman died , as her killer , a high school student , faces multiple charges. alton hines was waiting for his fiancé , 33-year-old leah o'brien at her home on the night of saturday , april 25 , he told wsbtv. popular : leah o'brien was killed when the car she was driving to chaperone the school prom was hit by a vehicle carrying two students also on their way to the dance. fiancé : o'brien 's fiancé , alton hines -lrb- photographed -rrb- , recently spoke out about the night he found out o'brien had been killed.
ahead of this weekend 's premier league action , sportsmail will be providing you with all you need to know about every fixture , with team news , provisional squads , betting odds and opta stats. here is all the information you need for burnley 's home clash with arsenal ... burnley vs arsenal -lrb- turf moor -rrb-. burnley. burnley midfielder matt taylor could make his return from a seven-and-a-half month achilles injury lay-off against arsenal on saturday. midfielder dean marney and defender kevin long -lrb- both cruciate ligament -rrb- remain on the long-term absentee list. matt taylor -lrb- left -rrb- attempts to track chelsea 's eden hazard in the sides ' opening game of the season.
one of the best spells of spring weather in the last two decades is set to peak today with temperatures in england beating most of the mediterranean. the mercury is expected to reach 25c -lrb- 77f -rrb- in the south east today. this will beat marseille at 22c -lrb- 72f -rrb- , athens at 21c -lrb- 70f -rrb- , rome at 19c -lrb- 66f -rrb- and madrid at 18c -lrb- 64f -rrb-. temperatures will drop slightly tomorrow as fresher weather arrives but the days will remain sunny until next week. scroll down for videos. messing about in boats : young women on a pedalo yesterday in the serpentine , which runs through hyde park in central london.
the mother of a baby born with deformed hands and feet in china is pleading for her husband to come home -- four months after he told her he was going out to earn money for the girl 's surgery. worried jiang min says she has now run out of cash and ca n't even afford food , let alone medical treatment , for baby mengyu and their older daughter. she told people 's daily online : ` doctors said it 's best for mengyu to have her operation between the age of four to six months. pictured with her daughter mengyu , has n't seen her husband for months.
ever since pippa. middleton and kim sears stepped out armed with their trusty aspinal of london handbags , they have fast became the season 's must-have arm candy. the british brand has called on international style icon olivia palermo to design a limited edition handbag. olivia palermo , who found fame on reality tv show the city , has teamed up with luxury british brand aspinal of london to design a tote. with pippa middleton and victoria beckham both being long term devotees , aspinal of london handbags have been on our sartorial radar for a while now. but the british heritage brand has stepped up its game a notch for its latest venture , a collaboration with one of our favourite fashionistas , olivia palermo.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- it 's a girls ' universe. on wednesday , dc entertainment , warner bros. and mattel announced a partnership to launch dc super hero girls , featuring familiar superheroes and supervillains as `` relatable teens , '' according to a press release. -lrb- like cnn , dc and warner bros. are units of time warner. the characters involved include wonder woman , supergirl , batgirl , harley quinn and poison ivy , among others. and jenna busch , writing for legion of leia , was concerned the initiative was another way of keeping girls separate. mattel is the toy licensee and random house books for young readers will publish books based on the franchise.
waiting times to be seen in a&e have soared to their worst level in more than 10 years , official figures revealed this morning. in the first three months of the year , 434,775 people waited longer than four hours in hospital emergency wards - some 4,830 patients every day. the figures also show that 113,648 waited longer than four-hours on trolleys in a&e , and 983 over 12 hours. it is now 89 weeks since hospital a&e s met their waiting targets. nhs england figures show that 92 per cent of patients spent less than four hours in the week ending march 29.
dawn was breaking as we pulled out of calvi station , and the town 's medieval citadel , perched on a headland , was bathed in the rosy glow of the first rays of sunlight. the trail , which runs down the mountainous spine of the island , happens to be the toughest trek in europe. the gr20 trail runs down the mountainous spine of corsica and happens to be the toughest trek in europe. i was following the ancient sentiers de transhumance , footpaths used for more than 1,000 years by shepherds leading their animals to summer pastures. it started in the remote golo valley , a wild and desolate canyon flanked by barren cliffs.
the owner of an auto repair shop in michigan has become the latest business owner to claim his religious views should allow him to be able to refuse serving gay customers. brian klawiter posted a message on his company 's facebook page on tuesday in which he announced that openly gay people are not welcome at his business because he considers homosexuality to be wrong. ' i would not hesitate to refuse service to an openly gay person or persons , ' he wrote. ` homosexuality is wrong , period. ' brian klawiter posted a message on his company 's facebook page announcing that openly gay people are not welcome at his business in grandville , michigan.
the leaked sony emails are now claiming more victims just days after wikileaks published thousands of the documents and made them easier to search. this time it is bruce jenner , whose alleged gender transition is mocked by the generally soft-spoken and affable cameron crowe. this in an email conversation the director was having with former studio head amy pascal. scroll down for video. in a leaked sony email cameron crowe -lrb- above -rrb- mocks bruce jenner 's gender transition. while discussing his upcoming film aloha , which stars an all-star cast that includes bradley cooper , emma stone , rachel mcadams , and alec baldwin , pascal asked crowe if he had anything to show her from the movie in october 2014.
st etienne want to sign cardiff full-back kevin theophile-catherine on a permanent deal. the 25-year-old signed for cardiff from stade rennais for # 2.1 million but has been on loan with st etienne this season. he has two years left on contract at cardiff. st etienne defender kevin theophile-catherine shields the ball from psg forward zlatan ibrahimovic. st etienne , meanwhile , will not take up an option to sign norwich striker ricky van wolfswinkel on a permanent deal. the dutchman scored only one goal following his # 8.5 million move to norwich from sporting lisbon and has scored six times this season for st etienne in 31 appearances.
kelly kreth , 44 , told dailymail.com that after having a traumatic encounter with a sociopath in her own life she became inspired to learn about the inner workings of a criminal mind. six years and 600 prison letters later , kreth says she 's learned that a sociopath is a person ` who wants to feel like the smartest person in the room. ' her own trauma : kelly kreth told dailymail.com that after having a traumatic encounter with a sociopath in her own life she became inspired to learn about the inner workings of a criminal mind. conceptual prison : in order to make initial contact with the prisoners , kreth sent a postcard that had an image of her in a striped dress along with a note saying she thinks everyone lives in a type of prison.
a man has spent a year losing 70lbs so he could donate his kidney to his wife. pj spraggins was delighted when he discovered he was a perfect match for wife tracy , who was told her life-long battle with lupus would kill her if she did n't get a transplant. the waiting list is seven years long. but the next day the couple from birmingham , alabama , were dealt a blow : his blood pressure was too high to perform the operation. in february , they went under the knife together. scroll down for video. transformation : pj and tracy spraggins -lrb- pictured , left , in 2006 , and right in 2015 -rrb- together lost 145lbs in one year so he could donate his kidney to her.
nigel farage has abandoned hopes of winning dozens of seats at the general election and is now targeting just ten , it can be revealed. ukip , which will today unveil its manifesto , has reduced the number of constituencies where it is concentrating resources as it loses ground in the polls. nigel farage has abandoned hopes of winning dozens of seats at the general election and is now targeting just ten. clacton , essex -lrb- ukip 12,404 -rrb-. great grimsby , lincs -lrb- labour 714 -rrb-. dudley north , west midlands -lrb- lab 649 -rrb-. castle point , essex -lrb- cons 7,632 -rrb-.
siobhan-marie o'connor won gold in the 200 metres individual medley at the british championships to ensure qualification for the world championships this summer. o'connor 's time of two minutes 09:51 seconds was the fastest recorded in the world this year and came comfortably inside the world championships qualification mark of 2:10:20. hannah miley took the silver medal with a time of 2:11:65 and aimee willmott claimed bronze in 2:13:30. o'connor , who is the reigning commonwealth champion , was short of her 2:08.21 personal best - a british record - but said making the team for russia was her main focus.
alastair campbell famously said the blair government ` did n't do god '. but david cameron and wife samantha have made a colourful visit to a sikh temple as part of a general election tour. the prime minister , wearing a traditional orange patka , and mrs cameron , in a blue headscarf , chatted and posed for selfies at the gravesend gurdwara in kent earlier today. scroll down for video. the prime minister and his wife joined worshippers at the gravesend gurdwara in kent today in traditional sikh dress. the visit was designed to reach out to a wider community with just three weeks until the election.
and where better to tickle your tastebuds than in glorious grenada ? the island is known for its zesty spices and self-sufficiency - the only food it imports is milk. heading west : rosemary spent a week on grenada , where fresh foodstuffs like cocoa fruit are easily available. meat and fish are plentiful and , because the soil is very fertile , the vegetables , fruit and salads are the glossiest you 'll ever see. grenada 's seasons are similar to our own , which means cauliflower , broccoli and pumpkins in spring. exotic fruit - mangoes , star fruit , passion fruit , melon and skin-up , which is like a lychee -- are the stars of the summer.
manny pacquiao took time out of his busy schedule to hang out with saved by the bell actor mario lopez , otherwise known as ac slater , and nba superstar jeremy lin. pacquiao said of meeting los angeles lakers guard lin : ` thank you @jlin7 for coming to show your support. ' the filipino appears to be in fine fettle ahead of his highly-anticipated showdown against floyd mayweather with pacquiao taking to social media to show off his ripped physique. manny pacquiao poses for a picture with nba superstar jeremy lin and saved by the bell actor mario lopez. pacquiao took to instagram to show off his ripped torso ahead of his fight against floyd mayweather.
truck drivers in victoria are dealing drugs from the behind the wheel of 60-tonne rigs , using secretive codes over their radio systems. in a report issued to the herald sun , victoria police revealed that there is a distribution network of speed , ice and marijuana operating in the trucking industry and one in every 12 truckies tested positive for drugs while out on the road. scroll down for video. a new report has shown that truck drivers in victoria are dealing drugs from the behind the wheel of 60-tonne rigs , using secretive codes over their radio systems. ` yes , some people take speed and ice but there is always going to be rampant drug use if truckers are required to work these long hours , ' the truck driver said.
police were making their final security checks outside st. mary 's hospital in paddington today , as the birth of the duke and duchess of cambridge 's second child approaches. with kate 's due date is just over three days away , officers were out in force , pulling lamp posts apart as they scoured the area for anything troubling. scroll down for video. ready to go : john loughrey takes a nap on his makeshift bed outside the lindo wing in paddington. patriotic : royal fan terry hut takes a break on mr loughrey 's bench. leading the pack was a familiar face , that of self-confessed royal ` superfan ' john loughery , 60 , who camped out overnight ahead of the 2011 royal wedding and was the only member of the public to attend every day of the inquest into the death of princess diana in 2008.
atletico madrid supporters have stopped fretting about departures because they have good reason to be confident in the people that run the club and their ability to find adequate replacements. in goal sergio asenjo became david de gea , became thibaut courtois , who looks to have become jan oblak. playmaker diego ribas became arda turan. while centre-forward diego forlan became sergio aguero , became radamel falcao , became diego costa who has now become that bloodied battering-ram mario mandzukic. atletico madrid know how to replace stars , from david de gea -lrb- left to right -rrb- , to thibaut courtois , to jan oblak.
frances bean cobain has admitted she 's not a big fan of her dad 's music in a candid new interview. speaking to rolling stone magazine about her documentary kurt cobain : montage of heck , the frontman 's daughter revealed she 's not really into nirvana. ' scroll down for video. nevermind : frances bean cobain , pictured here in september , has revealed she is n't a huge fan of her late father kurt 's music. saint laurent babies 40 suede boots. visit site. she 's the daughter of the once ultimate rock power couple , courtney love and kurt cobain , so it 's no surprise that frances bean cobain has evolved into a rock chick with very expensive taste.
but now well-heeled handbag lovers are paying as much as # 200 to give their over-loved bags the equivalent of a spa treatment at a luxury new handbag clinic in chelsea. the unusual boutique has opened on a fashionable west london high street to cater to the needs of well-heeled clientele who want to restore their bags to their former glory. scroll down for video. handbag lovers are paying as much as # 200 to give their over-loved bags the equivalent of a spa treatment at a luxury new handbag clinic in chelsea. the handbag clinic has opened in chelsea -lrb- pictured -rrb- to cater to the needs of well-heeled clientele who want to restore their bags to their former glory.
barcelona ace neymar scored twice as barcelona cruised past ligue 1 giants paris saint-germain at the nou camp. the brazilian was on hand to embarrass fellow countryman david luiz as the former chelsea defender endured a horrendous evening in spain. rik sharma sorted the best from the rest during the champions league clash at the nou camp ... barcelona. marc-andre ter stegen 6.5 : called into action for the first time by zlatan ibrahimovic in the second half and dealt with the swede 's powerful drive well , before fielding an ezequiel lavezzi strike too. dani alves 7.5 : wound back the years to give everyone a reminder of why he was considered the best right-back in the world.
on top of this , the mothers have to deal with the never-ending conveyor belt of friends and family who are desperate to see the new addition. parenting blogger emily-jane clark , who runs the popular site how to survive a sleep thief , which she describes as ` an antithesis to baby advice ' , has compiled a list of the ways that visitors can avoid annoying a new mother. 1. ` besides , all she cares about right now is milky breasts. i can barely bring myself to type the words. non-alcoholic ` champagne '. ' mothers are often on the brink of exhaustion when looking after a newborn -lrb- picture posed by model -rrb-.
a mysterious easter bunny has delivered chocolate eggs to every house in a village of 3,000 people. residents from alderholt , dorset , woke to discover a chocolate egg on their doorsteps. local residents in alderholt , dorset , pictured , awoke on sunday to find an easter egg on every doorstep. ` it looks like everyone was left an egg.
researchers from london and edinburgh are developing a computer that can collate meteorological information and then produce forecasts as if they were written by a human. useing a process known as ` natural language generation ' -lrb- nlg -rrb- , it has the potential to one day be used in humanoid robots on our tv screens. the days of weather presenters -lrb- stock image -rrb- could be numbered. researchers from london and edinburgh have developed a computer that can collate meterological information and then produce forecasts as if they were written by a human. it uses a process known as ` natural language generation ' -lrb- nlg -rrb-.
but panasonic has developed a lighter , smaller and more powerful alternative that can blow out seven times more air than it sucks in. the sokaze-ki q uses fluid dynamics to take air in at the rear of the 10-inch -lrb- 25cm -rrb- device , move it through specially designed channels before blasting it from the front via a turbofan. panasonic japan , which designed the device , said that once the turbofan has moved the air flow to the front of the device , a ` high-pressure jet airflow ' creates straight , direct blasts of air. alternatively , the q has a ' 1/f fluctuation ' function that reduces the force of the air flow , and sends ` natural wind ' that mimics outside breeze.
veteran cbs news ` face the nation ' moderator bob schieffer announced tuesday at the texas journalism school named for him that he 'll be retiring this summer. it 's not his first retirement announcement but , at age 78 , looks like it has a good chance of sticking. schieffer was speaking to students at an annual symposium that bears his name at texas christian university 's schieffer school of journalism in fort worth , his alma mater. ` it 's been a great adventure , ' schieffer said at the college. ' bob schieffer opens the schieffer symposium on the news at tcu on wednesday , april 8 , 2015 , in fort worth , texas.
swimming pools , jewelry and lingerie stores , psychics , movie theatre , nail salons , massage parlors , bars and theme parks will also be forbidden territory for the first time , if republican gov. sam brownback signs a bill that hit his desk last week. the proposal would also give the force of state law to some of brownback 's policies , including one that requires ` temporary cash assistance ' recipients to hold down jobs , look for work or enroll in job training programs. no benefits : a pending kansas law would make it illegal for welfare recipients to spend their government-supplied stipends at strip clubs , among a laundry list of other places.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- remains of up to nearly 400 unaccounted for service members tied to the uss oklahoma at pearl harbor will be exhumed this year , the defense department announced tuesday. the hope is that most of the battleship 's sailors and marines can be identified. `` while not all families will receive an individual identification , we will strive to provide resolution to as many families as possible. '' the uss oklahoma sank when it was hit by torpedoes on december 7 , 1941 , during the japanese attack on pearl harbor. a total of 429 sailors and marines on the ship were killed.
a new study has found that acetaminophen , the main ingredient in tylenol , most forms of midol and more than 600 other medicines , reduces not only pain but pleasure , as well. the authors of the study , which was published this week in psychological science , say that it was already known that acetaminophen blunted psychological pain. '' the researchers tested their thesis by showing 82 college students 40 photographs -- some of highly pleasant images , such as children with kittens , and some of highly unpleasant images , such as children who were malnourished. half of the participants in the study were given `` an acute dose '' of acetaminophen -- 1,000 milligrams -- and the other half were given a placebo with the same appearance.
daley blind has hailed a pre-match team talk from skipper wayne rooney about ending their run of four successive losses against city with giving the united players an extra edge on sunday. ` wayne rooney mentioned that in the dressing room before the game to all the players and it is something that you have in mind when you go on to the pitch. daley blind played his part in manchester united 's 4-2 derby win over city on sunday. wayne rooney 's team talk inspired united to end a run of four defeats by their local rivals. ' the holland international also warned that manchester united need to focus on the end of this season rather than thinking about challenging for the title next year.
us authorities suspected that a british man accused this week of causing the 2010 ` flash crash ' was making illicit trades back in 2009 it 's been revealed , with experts expressing shock that it took six years for charges to be brought. navinder singh sarao , 36 , is accused of making # 26million from illegal trades over five years and an investigation team involving six agencies in the us and britain want him put on trial in new york. us authorities suspected that british man navinder singh sarao -lrb- circled -rrb- accused this week of causing the 2010 ` flash crash ' was making illicit trades back in 2009.
the case of a british woman allegedly murdered by her pastor husband in ghana took an astonishing twist last week when a court was told that she died of a heroin overdose. hotel staff found the body of pregnant charmain speirs face-down in a bath where it is believed she had been lying for four days. her husband eric isaiah adusah -- a self-proclaimed prophet and evangelical preacher -- has been charged with her murder. pastor eric isaiah adusah has been charged with the murder of his pregnant wife , charmaine spears. local news reports said an autopsy showed the mother of one died of ` opiate heroin overdose '.
the rev. robert h. schuller , the southern california televangelist and author who beamed his upbeat messages on faith and redemption to millions from his landmark crystal cathedral only to see his empire crumble in his waning years , has died. schuller died early thursday at a care facility in artesia , daughter carol schuller milner said. in 2013 , he was diagnosed with a tumor in his esophagus that had spread to his lymph nodes and began treatment. once a charismatic and well-known presence on the televangelist circuit , schuller faded from view in recent years after watching his church collapse amid a disastrous leadership transition and sharp declines in viewership and donations that ultimately forced the ministry to file for bankruptcy.
but until now the only way to enjoy a tipple with that gorgeous authentic taste that can only develop through spending years in a special wooden cask has been to pay through the nose. the second i see the word ` spicy ' on a bottle label -lrb- which suggests an oaky flavouring -rrb- , i instantly know the price will be much higher. a # 5 bottle has suddenly become # 12 because the wine has lingered in an oak barrel before bottling. the oak bottle promises to impart an authentic aged flavour -- a process that can take up to two years -- in just a day or two.
the manchester united star , whose birthday was in march , posted a picture of the impressive painting on his instagram , which includes images of the father and son together. ' daley blind showed off the impressive portrait that his parents gave him as a late birthday present. blind has been a key figure for united this campaign , with his versatility seeing him play in midfield and at left back for louis van gaal. with champions league qualification close to be secured , the red devils return to europe 's elite competition is welcoming after their disappointing season last time around.
fired : stephen hogger , pictured , was sacked after apparently falling out with senior church figures. as the congregation of st peter and st paul church filed in for the easter sunday service , thoughts naturally turned to the meaning of sacrifice. a letter handed out to the stunned churchgoers revealed the 13 choristers were quitting en masse in ` solidarity ' over the sacking of music director stephen hogger. the walkout means it will be the first time in 200 years that the church , which is famed for its timber-framed tudor buildings , will be without a choir.
europe 's oldest mcdonald 's worker has celebrated his 90th birthday with colleagues. bill dudley is still ` lovin ' it ' and has no plans to quit the fast-food joint in mold , flintshire , north wales. bill dudley , europe 's oldest mcdonald 's employee , celebrating his 90th birthday at the outlet in mold , flintshire , where he works two days a week. great grandfather and second world war veteran bill celebrates his special with fellow employees at mcdonald 's in mold. wife margaret , 71 , has nicknamed her hubby old mcdonald. bill 's special day on wednesday was marked with a cake and tickets for a weekend away.
millionaire real estate heir robert durst has pleaded not guilty to two weapons charges related to his arrest last month , further delaying his extradition to california to face murder charges. durst entered his plea during an arraignment in a new orleans court on weapons charges that accused him of possessing a firearm after a felony conviction and possessing both a firearm and an illegal drug , marijuana. unlikely to face charges in california anytime soon : robert durst , 71 , pleaded not guilty thursday to two state gun charges in louisiana in a case that would delay his extradition to la to face murder charges.
the hurt of losing back-to-back european and domestic finals last year took mark mccall 's men all of last summer and a good chunk of this season to overcome. this time they must lick their wounds and refocus their efforts on the aviva premiership after coming up short against clermont. clermont warm up in front of their supporters at stade geoffroy-guichard in saint-etienne. clermont centre wesley fofana attempts an offload following a crunching hit from marcelo bosch. saracens flanker maro itojie secures a loose ball on the deck during a tight first half of action. whereas northampton capitulated embarrassingly against the same opponents a fortnight ago , saracens stood tall on saturday.
back-track or snap right back at him ? stress the good intentions and best wishes he feels towards falkirk , or defend his team against the insinuation that they 're a bunch of weak-willed tippy-tap merchants who ca n't defend crosses ? in the space of 10 minutes on monday , the hibs boss did placatory -- ` i have a lot of respect for peter and what he 's done ' -- and followed it with accusatory , as in ` i think you need to ask peter what he said when he came into my office after we got beat 1-0 in the first game ; it certainly was not what he said in the press -lrb- on saturday -rrb-.
delhi -lrb- cnn -rrb- an international human rights group is calling for an independent investigation of the killings by police of 20 suspected red sandalwood smugglers in southeastern india. `` there must be a criminal investigation to determine whether the police used excessive force , and whether the killings amount to ` fake encounters , ' or staged extrajudicial executions '' , said abhirr vp , of amnesty international india. `` the police are not above the law , and must not be treated like they are. '' those responsible should be brought to justice , according to amnesty. a police official , deputy inspector general kantha rao , declined comment wednesday , saying an `` investigation is still going on.
bizarre pictures have emerged of two models posing seductively with a giant brown bear as part of an anti-hunting campaign. the photos , taken in a forest outside moscow in russia , show maria sidorova and lidia fetisova hugging and kissing the 650kg bear , named stephen. scroll down for video. bizarre : despite the anti-hunting message , one of the models , lidia fetisova , was pictured wearing a fur coat as she hugged the 650kg bear. bear hug : model maria sidorova is pictured kneeling on a single bed and wrapping her arms around stephen the brown bear - in a forest outside moscow.
a man shot himself dead at the universal studios theme park in hollywood , california. the man , who has not been named , turned a gun on himself at the amusement park around 2:15 pm friday afternoon , not far from visiting children and families. smoking area : the man was said to have shot himself in a secluded part of the theme park , near a depiscable me-themed ride. the los angeles sheriff 's department say they arrived at the scene to find the man dead of a self-inflicted gunshot wound , according to cbs los angeles. few visitors are thought to have seen the act , because of the secluded spot where the man shot himself.
hong kong -lrb- cnn -rrb- when she was growing up , mui thomas , wanted to be a fashion model -- not an unusual aspiration for a young girl. but mui suffers from a rare genetic condition that leaves the skin on her face and body red raw and open to infection. she was born with harlequin ichthyosis , which means her skin is extremely thick , dry and flaky -- resembling fish scales. she ca n't sweat but she can shed tears. on the day we speak , her appearance raises few eyebrows at her local starbucks in sai kung -- she 's a familiar and well-known presence in the waterfront hong kong town where she grew up.
retiring 20-time jump jockey ap mccoy has fired a borrowed phrase from great olympian sir steve redgrave back at those who think he might perform a u-turn and reverse his plans to walk away from the sport. the 40-year-old rider , who has two final rides at sandown on saturday , said : ` to be fair to steve redgrave , you have to put your body through physical torture to try and win a fifth gold medal in boat. ' i can ride for pleasure and hopefully it will be less dangerous than it was when i was competing. ' the front cover of the racing post ahead of ap mccoy 's retirement at sandown park racecourse on saturday.
a mother whose twins were born so early they spent their first two months in intensive care has revealed she almost lost her son mason a second time after he contracted an extremely rare virus. lauren perry , 25 , had her waters break just 23 weeks into her pregnancy , and doctors feared the worst. her twins mason and chloe were delivered early via an emergency caesarean at 30 weeks. but the parents ' fears for the lives of their newborns did not end there. eight months later when mason was admitted to hospital to have his colostomy removed he nearly lost his life to a dangerous flesh-eating virus.
the world 's best road has just been announced. there are few things as thrilling as accelerating past breathtaking countryside views , and now we know where to find the most thrilling stretch of tarmac possible. the n-222 road from peso de regua to pinhao in portugal has been awarded the prestigious honour. the n-222 road from peso de regua to pinhao in portugal has been awarded best road in the world. the highway has been named the best in the world for its location , cutting through the heart of the stunning douro valley and the spectacular views it provides of the wine region below.
london -lrb- cnn -rrb- time 's running out for britons to decide who they 'll back , as polling booths prepare to open across the country in an election that could change the political landscape. the election could result in the handing of power from david cameron 's conservative government to the labour party , led by ed miliband -- or a frenzy of wrangling from leaders as they attempt to forge alliances with smaller parties. but that 's all to come when polls close late thursday evening , local time. very strict rules govern the reporting of uk elections , but until they kick in , here are some things you should know -- who are the candidates , what are the issues , who 's likely to win , why bacon sandwiches matter , what is `` ukip '' and , if the queen is n't in charge , what does she do ? the queen does n't run britain.
an eagle demonstrated its footwork after gate-crashing a football team 's training session and enjoying a solo kick-about. filmed in north vancouver , the bird - which appears to be a golden eagle , despite some speculation that it is a young bald - is captured standing over a football during its try-out before giving it a slight peck with its beak. after standing and shaking its head , the big bird then moves forwards and rolls the ball to the left with its foot. excited by the movement , it runs after it and rolls the ball to the right before jumping up on it with both feet.
for ronny deila , qualification for the champions league is not all about the money. but there are now 16million reasons for the norwegian to take celtic there by leading the team to a fourth successive title. this week uefa confirmed their ` cash cycle ' for the next three years of european competition. the last time celtic reached the champions league group stage , in 2013-14 when they faced ac milan , ajax and barcelona , they won one match and earned # 12.6 m. the same performance -- or better -- next season would see that sum rise by # 4m.
jon stewart will host his last show on august 6 after he revealed that he decided to quit because he was becoming increasing depressed watching cable news. departing host jon stewart has revealed he will present his final the daily show on august 6. he said : ' i mentioned to you that i would keep you up to date on any new information we had about the transition of the programme and all those other things. my last daily show program will august 6. ' i will be wearing a suit , i will more than likely be showered. ' he told viewers he hoped they would join him and announced a competition to get tickets to the final show.
garissa , kenya -lrb- cnn -rrb- first came the gunshots. then the footsteps , as al-shabaab militants followed her into her dorm room. cynthia cheroitich went into a closet , covering herself with clothes. her two roommates hid under their beds , until the gunmen called them out. '' -lrb- the gunmen -rrb- told them if you do n't know to read to them in the muslim word , whatever , and then you lie down , '' cheroitich told cnn. '' the 19-year-old student at kenya 's garissa university college did n't see what happened next , but she heard more than enough.
just over a year ago , adam johnson sat in a room with journalists at the stadium of light and talked about england and the forthcoming world cup. johnson -- scorer of seven goals in as many matches for sunderland -- believed he was worthy of a recall , 21 months on from a five-minute cameo in norway 's ullevaal stadium during a euro 2012 warm-up friendly. adam johnson -lrb- right -rrb- was accompanied by his lawyer as he was charged with three counts of sexual activity with an underage girl and one of grooming. johnson , an england international , was considered a prospect for roy hodgson as recently as a year ago.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- a florida judge denied a motion by two women to join a lawsuit against prince andrew and a prominent u.s. lawyer that alleged underage sex crimes. lawyer alan dershowitz was accused of having sex with minors with help from billionaire jeffrey epstein. buckingham palace denied the allegations , which surfaced in a court filing in january. in his decision , u.s. district court judge kenneth marra denied a motion by the alleged victims -- `` jane doe 3 and jane doe 4 '' -- to join a lawsuit accusing the federal government of violating their rights by negotiating a nonprosecution agreement with epstein without consulting them.
in what was likened to a ` military operation ' a pair of cranes struggle to retrieve a ` casualty ' from a house , while fire engines , police , a medical team and other officials stand by. roads are cordoned off. no traffic can get to nearby schools. for seven hours , there is a state of ` mayhem '. yet it was no sudden catastrophic incident , as some witnesses imagined. this was simply what it took to remove a 22-year-old woman who weighs 55st from her home. scroll down for video. obese georgia davis , 22 , who weighs 55 stone , had to be lifted out of her home in aberdare , south wales , by a crane so emergency services could take her to hospital.
most of the time , though , the coverage was about how armenians and turks hate each other like cats and dogs , that the turks continue to deny that ethnic cleansing occurred , saying the armenians had hatched a rebellion , and that the leaders had no choice but to deport them from their homes and put them on the road that led to their deaths. even adolf hitler had brushed us aside , uttering , just before invading poland in september 1939 : `` who , after all , speaks today of the annihilation of the armenians ? '' according to the former bureau chief of the associated press in berlin , louis lochner.
so it comes as a surprise that the korean demilitarized zone -lrb- dmz -rrb- - located along the no-man 's land between the north and south - is next to a burgeoning surf spot for south korean hipsters , gangsters , ex-pats and its jet-setting adventure class. photos captured at the site show an eclectic mix of people going about their day-to-day duties , where fishermen and day-trippers are placed alongside soldiers , tanks and their fortified military installations. the dmz was established in 1953 as a buffer zone to separate the north from the south. surfer shannon aston , from new zealand , said he felt compelled to start photographing the area while he was living and working in south korea as a teacher.
the timing is surely a coincidence -- three days before her daughter is due to give birth to another royal baby , carole middleton is busy promoting her party firm 's baby-shower goodies. the mother of the duchess of cambridge emailed customers of her party pieces firm yesterday , recommending the chevron divine tablewear range for parents-to-be. mrs middleton , 60 , who has previously been accused of cashing in after her daughter kate married prince william , wrote : ` i love a range that fits so many different gatherings. ' scroll down for video. the mother of the duchess of cambridge emailed customers of her party pieces firm yesterday , re commending the chevron divine tablewear range for parents-to-be.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- nobel literature laureate guenter grass , best known around the world for his novel `` the tin drum , '' has died , his publisher said monday. grass died in a clinic in the city of luebeck , where he was taken over the weekend , said steidl publishing spokeswoman claudia glenewinkel. german media are reporting he died of pneumonia. grass focused in much of his work on learning from the horror of war and genocide by exploring motifs from his childhood city of danzig , which is now gdansk , poland. during the nazi era , ethnic poles and jews were persecuted and deported from the multicultural city , at a time when they faced the possibility of mass murder.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- you may know mindy kaling from fox 's cult hit comedy `` the mindy project , '' in which she plays mindy lahiri , a perky , quirky ob/gyn juggling her career and love life in new york. the show was a breakthrough for on-screen representation -- the first network sitcom created by and starring a woman of color -- and it looks likely to be renewed for the coming 2015-16 season. recently , however , kaling 's brother vijay chokalingam unveiled a project of his own , and while it has been getting a lot of attention , it has n't generated quite as many laughs -- either from observers or from his famous sibling , who told him it brought `` shame upon their family.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- like phone booths and typewriters , record stores are a vanishing breed -- another victim of the digital age. camelot music. corporate america has largely abandoned brick-and-mortar music retailing to a scattering of independent stores , many of them in scruffy urban neighborhoods. yes , it 's harder in the spotify era to find a place to go buy physical music. but many of the remaining record stores are succeeding -- even thriving -- by catering to a passionate core of customers and collectors. on saturday , hundreds of music retailers will hold events to commemorate record store day , an annual celebration of , well , your neighborhood record store.
washington -lrb- cnn -rrb- an iranian military observation aircraft flew within 50 yards of an armed u.s. navy helicopter over the persian gulf this month , sparking concern that top iranian commanders might not be in full control of local forces , cnn has learned. the incident , which has not been publicly disclosed , troubled u.s. military officials because the unsafe maneuver could have triggered a serious incident. it also surprised u.s. commanders because in recent months iranian forces have conducted exercises and operations in the region in a professional manner , one u.s. military official told cnn. the incident took place as the u.s. and other world powers meet with iran in switzerland to negotiate a deal limiting tehran 's nuclear program.
a senior writer for the australian financial review has labelled anzacs ` racist yobs ' , while standing up for an sbs football reporter who was sacked after condemning anzac day on twitter. sbs journalist scott mcintyre was fired on sunday over his tweets which called anzac day ` the cultification of an imperialist invasion ' and accused australian diggers of committing war crimes which included ` widespread rape and theft. i also think anzacs were racist yobs and anzac day is a death cult. ' on friday , the day before anzac day , mr winestock said of the memorial : ` anzac day wish : in next 30 years there will be no wars and in 50 years no soldiers around to honour.
tokyo -lrb- cnn -rrb- a crowd gathers near the entrance of tokyo 's upscale mitsukoshi department store , which traces its roots to a kimono shop in the late 17th century. that 's because the greeter is not a human -- it 's a robot. aiko chihira is an android manufactured by toshiba , designed to look and move like a real person. toshiba says chihira has 43 motors allowing it to move , speak in sign language and even sing. the regular greeter , ayako seiryu , says she 's not worried about a robot replacing her -- even one made to resemble a real 32-year-old woman.
' in an emotional outburst during a concert bobby appeared close to tears as he referenced his daughter 's ongoing battle for her life. the former husband of whitney houston looked tired and grief stricken at times during his performance , his first public appearance since bobbi kristina fell into a coma. ' however , in an odd moment during his 45-minute set , he took time out to promote his kine of bbq sauces. bobby performed a set of his old hits for 4,000 fans at the soul food festival in downtown los angeles on saturday after months staying by his daughter bobbi kristina 's side.
roberto martinez has ruled darron gibson out of the rest of the season after he underwent tests on his damaged metatarsal. the everton midfielder was hurt in the 2-1 win over queens park rangers last month but martinez was hopeful that gibson would be able to play some part in the final seven matches of the campaign. it is a blow for the everton manager , whose side have staged a mini-revival in recent weeks , but he insists there is positive lining in that gibson , who missed almost all of martinez 's first campaign with cruciate ligament damage , does not require surgery.
the award-winning tech entrepreneur 's ballsy attitude helped land her an investor in very unusual circumstances for her first business job capital - a leading technology services firm that handles payroll services , migration , salary packaging and contract-management and turned over $ 40 million in its first four years. ' i was running a services company with an 80 million dollar turnover and realised i wanted more , ' says burston. ' i was on a working trip to melbourne where i was meant to be pitching on behalf of my employer to an investor but i thought , `` i have 15 minutes , i better make the most of it ''.
millie-belle diamond , the proud owner of louis vuitton and chanel purses and pint-sized burberry jackets , has become a money-making social media celebrity after her mother schye fox started posting cute photos of her online. the mum , from warriewood , in northern sydney , originally set up an instagram account for millie-belle when she was two months old so that their family in wa and queensland could see her grow. scroll down for video. smiler : millie-belle diamond , who is 14 months old , has a staggering 115,000 instagram followers. mini-celebrity : in one photo -lrb- right -rrb- millie-belle is seen dressed in a pink tutu and top sent to her by the kardashian family clothing line kardashian kids.
a missouri mother believes her three-year-old daughter with special needs was discriminated against after finding out the child was forced to take off her thick glasses for a school portrait. abby lubiewski was born with hallerman-streiff , a rare genetic syndrome that resulted in congenital cataracts. ` she has no vision at all without her glasses , ' her mother amanda lubiewski told fox 2 now. when lubiewski received her daughter abby 's photographs , she immediately saw that her child 's smile was strained. scroll down for video. abby lubiewski 's mother amanda was outraged after finding out her three-year-old daughter with special needs was forced to take her thick glasses off for school picture day.
there was a mild tremor felt in the room when louis van gaal banged a fist on the table to reinforce his point after manchester united had lost 1-0 at stamford bridge. van gaal revealed that he had 11 disappointed faces looking up at him in the dressing room , with the sunken eyes of united 's players pleading with him to explain how they had come to be beaten. they dominated possession , completing nearly three times as many successful passes than the champions-elect and yet they were unzipped by a goal in the 38th minute from eden hazard. despite united 's defeat there were signs on saturday , what with the slick passing and their range of movement , that the battle lines have been drawn ahead of a proper title race next season.
the bbc has made light of disgraced presenter jeremy clarkson 's attack on a junior producer by poking fun at the incident in a comedy programme. a new episode of mockumentary w1a , to be broadcast later this month , shows bosses holding an emergency meeting after clarkson uses the word ` tosser ' on top gear. the bbc has made light of jeremy clarkson 's attack on a junior producer by poking fun at it in a comedy show. the episode was apparently filmed last july , but the narration has recently been tweaked. ' clarkson 's spokesman was unavailable for comment.
jurgen klopp is to step down as borussia dortmund manager this summer. the 47-year-old german will seek a new challenge with a move to the premier league likely. klopp and dortmund chief executive hans-joachim watzke confirmed in a press conference reports that he will officially leave at the end of june after seven successful years at the club. ' jurgen klopp confirmed in a press conference he is to leave borussia dortmund this summer. an emotional klopp said he believed dortmund needed a change of manager. klopp will officially cease to be dortmund manager on june 30. klopp has enjoyed seven largely successful years in charge at the westfalenstadion.
a 77-year-old woman was left partially blind after a lightning bolt struck her as she sat in her car. rather , her hairdresser noticed several days later that she had suffered minor burns on her scalp. later that day the pensioner noticed her eye sight was blurred - she could barely see with her right eye. a few days later , she visited the opticians and was referred to see opthalmologist mohit gupta , who works at pilgrim hospital in boston , england. the 77-year-old woman was struck by lightning while she sat in her car. days later , after her vision became blurred , a scan of her retina revealed she had a hole in her retina.
forget learning abcs. one doting dad has been teaching his son how to ` magically fly '. youtube videos show four-month-old noah monte perfectly balancing on the palm of his father 's hand as he 's lifted through the air. caught on camera : youtube videos show four-month-old noah monte perfectly balancing on the palm of his father 's hand as he 's lifted through the air. bystanders are heard laughing in the background as they watch the tot in action. noah apparently started performing the ` circus act ' when he was just one-month-old. however , as he was still wobbly on his legs he was lifted low to the ground.
ashley young is finally feeling like a senior member of the manchester united squad. the 29-year-old moved to old trafford in june 2011 from aston villa , but acknowledges it took time for him to come into his own at the club. young now feels he has an important role under louis van gaal , and told manutd.com : ' i was looking around and thinking i was in the top six or seven who have been here the longest now. ashley young is finally feeling like a senior member of the manchester united squad under louis van gaal. the 29-year-old moved to old trafford in june 2011 from aston villa and feels he has a role to play at united.
this is the dramatic moment firefighters battle a 1,000-degree blaze as it rips through a $ 3.8 million mansion in new jersey. sea bright fire chief volunteer chad murphy wore a camera on his now-charred helmet as he stepped into the furnace in rumson on monday. at one point he 's seen hosing down a glass skylight with debris falling down. caught on camera : this is the dramatic moment firefighters battle a 1,000-degree blaze as it rips through a $ 3.8 million mansion in new jersey. going in : sea bright fire chief volunteer chad murphy wore a camera on his now-charred helmet as he stepped into the furnace in rumson on monday.
but within a week of moving in , her dream home turned into a nightmare thanks to an aggressive neighbour with a penchant for watching tv with the volume turned up at all hours of the day. unable to sleep because of the racket , the photography student asked unemployed mark ray , 56 , to turn it down - but was met with a barrage of abuse that culminated , a year later , in violent threats and stalking. terrified : emma jackson , 28 , was subjected to vile verbal abuse and was stalked by her neighbour. now ms jackson has been forced to move home because of mr ray but says she lives in terror of him discovering her new address.
lauren crawley was given a new platinum implant. facial palsy , or weakness of the facial muscles , can stop the patient 's eyelids closing properly. lauren crawley , 54 , a housewife from kings langley , hertfordshire , was given a new platinum implant that makes it easier to blink again , as she tells thea jourdan. a few years ago i started losing my sense of balance and developed tinnitus - my gp referred me for scans which showed i had a large but benign brain tumour behind my left ear. surgery was the only option. thankfully the operation , in july 2012 , was a success.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- as we approach april 27 when south africa marks the anniversary of the first post-apartheid elections held that day in 1994 , we are faced with yet another wave of deadly attacks against african migrants. these recurring attacks against migrants and their property might be read as one more indication of how the rainbow nation 's dream has faltered. that vision not only symbolized a multi-ethnic south africa , but one where living in dignity is shared across racial and class lines. attacks against newcomers in south africa are often reduced to attitudes of hate and resentment towards other black africans.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- how can more than 200 nigerian schoolgirls simply disappear ? and how can the nigerian government and the rest of the world have allowed this to happen ? exactly 365 days have passed since the girls were snatched from their boarding school dormitories in the dead of night in chibok , northeastern nigeria. a year ago , i could never have imagined that we would be here today , marking the grim 12-month milestone of these girls going missing. on the ground in nigeria as part of cnn 's team covering the story , i was buoyed by this global solidarity.
former hewlett packard head carly fiorina is attributing the years-long drought in california to ` liberal environmentalists , ' whom she says brought on the state 's water shortage with their policies. ` it is a man-made disaster , ' she told glenn beck during a monday radio interview. ' the ` tragedy ' of california , fiorina , a maybe presidential candidate , said , is it ` has suffered from droughts for millennia , ' and still ` liberal environmentalists have prevented the building of a single new reservoir or a single new water conveyance system over decades during a period in which california 's population has doubled.
a veteran has described the hurt he felt after being disrespected by a mob of university of florida fraternity members during a charity weekend that honors wounded heroes in panama beach city. the zeta beta tau fraternity was suspended friday and charged with obscene behavior , public intoxication , theft , causing physical or other harm , and damage to property for allegedly disrespecting disabled veterans by spitting on them , shouting verbal abuse and even urinating on the american flag. ` they actually spat on me and my service dog as well , and that 's just so disrespectful and it hurts , ' wounded veteran nicholas connole , who served 18 months in afghanistan and nine months in iraq , told wjhg.
at first glance , it appears to be any ordinary play-date for two young girls at primary school. in a pink-walled bedroom , decorated with posters of justin bieber , best friends zoe and eleanor settle themselves on to the bed and press play on the webcam of their computer. what they 're doing is far more pernicious -- and will be horrifying to parents everywhere. scroll down for video. in a world where girls grow up fast , should these online hot or not videos really surprise us ? half of three to six-year-olds say they worry about being fat , with a fifth of girls under 11 confessing to have even tried diets -lrb- picture posed by model -rrb-.
ed miliband has been getting a lot of praise for admitting that he ` blubbed ' while watching pride , a british film released last year. every drop of sentiment is wrung out of the story , with brave young men and women risking their lives to take on an evil dictator. so what is it about , this heartwarming tale of british derring-do ? the battle of britain ? the falklands crisis ? the iraq war ? scroll down for video. labour leader ed miliband confessed that he ` blubbed ' during the british film pride that centres on the 1984 miners ' strike.
alastair cook hung his head in disbelief after wasting a golden opportunity to end his long wait for a century before the man who seems destined to succeed him as england captain showed how to do it. but the problems cook had in finding fluency in his 211-ball 76 were put into stark perspective by yet another display of the rare class and maturity that has made joe root england 's outstanding batsman. joe root celebrates his century and is 118 not out at stumps on day three of the second test against the west indies. england 's root smashes a short ball to the boundary as west indies keeper and captain denesh ramdin can only watch on.
a british grandmother on death row in bali for smuggling cocaine has accepted that she will be next to face the firing squad. ' the 58-year-old broke down in tears last night when she learned that her close friend -- australian drugs gang leader andrew chan -- is to be shot this week along with eight other prisoners on indonesia 's ` execution island ' , nusa kambangan. scroll down for video. lindsay sandiford , pictured , believes that she will be executed by the end of the year for smuggling drugs. sandiford , 58 , from cheltenham , who is on death row , has told friends she ` wants to get it over with ' chan 's brother michael told sandiford in a text message sent last night that the execution has been scheduled for tuesday evening.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- `` it 's showtime ! '' michael keaton paid homage -- ever so slightly -- to his roles in `` beetlejuice '' and `` batman '' in his third turn hosting `` saturday night live '' this weekend. keaton acknowledged in his opening monologue that a lot has changed since he first hosted the comedy sketch show in 1982. fans who were hoping for a full-blown revival of keaton 's most memorable characters might have been a little disappointed. snl cast members taran killam and bobby moynihan begged the actor with a song to `` play '' batman and beetlejuice with them.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- over the last year more than 25,000 people , a population about the size of key west , florida , have fought ebola infections. more than 10,000 have not survived. but for those who have survived , life will never be the same. and even for those who did not experience ebola personally , the `` most severe public health emergency seen in modern times '' showed the world its vulnerability to disease. while the intensity of the largest ebola epidemic in history has died down , and the initial dire predictions that there would be over a million infections by january never came true , dozens are still newly infected each week.
jack wilshere is reportedly on the shopping list of manchester city this summer , but the arsenal midfielder showed off his own trolley dash during his day off on monday. wilshere has been forced to miss five months of this season following ankle surgery in november , but the england midfielder is closing in on a return to full fitness. jack wilshere in action for arsenal u21s recently and his overflowing waitrose shopping trolley. and wilshere clearly loves a bowl of cereal. the standard refuel of a dozen eggs and a four-pack of baked beans provide crucial protein to strengthen the arsenal star 's muscles , while a smartly packed corn in the cob also seems to have been ticked off at the top of the trolley.
ironing may be the marmite of household chores. british company swan , which sold its first iron in 1933 , has just released a top-of-the-range steam generator iron , for # 279.99. co.uk. it cut my ironing time by half. because all the water is in the separate 1,000 ml generator tank , the iron itself is lightweight. the steam is forced out of the generator through a hose into the iron , shooting out at 90g per minute -- twice as fast as conventional steam irons -lrb- think of the difference in power between jet-washing and using a hosepipe -rrb- -- cutting through creases quicker.
ahead of this weekend 's premier league action , sportsmail will be providing you with all you need to know about every fixture , with team news , provisional squads , betting odds and opta stats. here is all the information you need for swansea 's home clash with hull ... swansea city vs hull city -lrb- liberty stadium -rrb-. swansea. swansea will make a late check on ecuador winger jefferson montero before hull 's barclays premier league visit to the liberty stadium on saturday. montero suffered a muscle strain against mexico during the international break and the injury is not as serious as first feared but on-loan spurs midfielder tom carroll is definitely out after damaging ankle ligaments on england under 21 duty and might not play again this season.
yesterday , though , locals living in the tiny township of wuggubun in western australia got the surprise of their lives when prince harry turned up unannounced. the prince , who begun a month-long secondment to the australian defence force on monday , took an hour-long break at the village during a training exercise with a norforce unit. scroll down for video. striking a pose : prince harry poses with members of the local community , including mr trust. ` he just rocked up , ' said delighted barry trust , a resident of the tiny township which sits 600 miles away from the nearest city - darwin.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- a dress worn by vivien leigh as she played scarlett o'hara in `` gone with the wind '' has fetched $ 137,000 at an auction. the outfit , a gray two-piece ensemble , was sold at an auction in beverly hills , california , on saturday , according to heritage auctions. it was the most sought after item among roughly 150 pieces of `` gone with the wind '' memorabilia on sale in the auction. they come from the huge collection amassed by james tumblin , who used to work at universal studios. tumblin said he came across the scarlett o'hara dress in the early 1960s while doing some research at a costume company.
no wonder james freedman 's super-nimble hands are insured for a huge sum -- for the fingers he uses to steal wallets are the tools of his trade. now he 's exhibiting his ` skills ' on stage in a one-man pickpocket show , called man of steal , in which he even takes off someone 's tie without them realising. scroll down for video. the watch : james freedman removes harry mount 's timepiece without him noticing in his pickpocketing lesson. for years he 's been giving pickpocket demonstrations to teach people how not to become victims of street crime.
and the gay couple are due to become fathers for the third time in just a few weeks after controversially enlisting the help of three surrogate mothers. scroll down for video. luke harris and daryl lee , from surrey , had their first child three months ago and are now preparing to welcome their third baby into the world after enlisting the help of three surrogate mothers. pictured -lrb- from left -rrb- : pregnant surrogate becky harris , mr lee with son phoenix harris and his surrogate mother bex harris -lrb- behind -rrb- , mr harris holding daughter willow-star and her surrogate mother viktoria ellis -lrb- right -rrb-.
cristiano ronaldo did n't have too much joy with his trademark free-kicks during real madrid 's victory over neighbours atletico this week - but it did n't stop him from showing his compassionate side. in the white-hot atmosphere of the santiago bernabeu prior to wednesday night 's second-leg champions league quarter-final , when every minute of preparation is key , there was still time for ronaldo to display a small but heartfelt act of kindness. cristiano ronaldo shows his delight after real madrid finally broke the deadlock against rivals atletico. but it was a different story before the game as ronaldo expressed his concern after his shot hit a supporter.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- if you 're famous and performing the american national anthem , be prepared to become a national hero or a national disgrace. mötley crüe 's vince neil reminded us again this week of the dangers of tackling `` the star-spangled banner. '' sure , he can shred it on `` girls , girls , girls '' and `` dr. feelgood , '' but this is a different story -- a completely different story. to say neil butchered the song before the las vegas outlaws arena football league game would be unkind to those in the profession. the late whitney houston set the modern standard for the national anthem at super bowl xxv.
ultimately , bristol city were never destined to become the first football league club to win promotion this season at deepdale , even though they are inching ever closer. swindon 's win over peterborough meant steve cotterill will have to wait until tuesday to finish the job of returning to the championship , but almost as importantly they made sure preston would n't make any ground on them in the top two. bristol city striker aaron wilbraham celebrates his 63rd minute goal against preston at deepdale. preston -lrb- 3-5-2 -rrb- : johnstone ; clarke , king , wright ; humphrey -lrb- wiseman 84 -rrb- , welsh , johnson , gallagher , laird ; beckford -lrb- davies 90 -rrb- , garner -lrb- robinson 84 -rrb-.
support : kai windsor , now 10 , with his mother rachel. like most boys , he always preferred football to dolls. but kai windsor started life as a girl -- and knew from the age of three that he had been born into the wrong body. by nine , he had finally broken the truth to his mother rachel , 37 , telling her : ` i 'm really a boy. ' now , at the age of ten , kai is set to undergo hormone treatment to halt puberty to stop him developing into a woman. miss windsor , from cheltenham , gloucestershire , said : ` as a toddler , kai only wanted to play ball.
but the couple insist they fell in love with the ` calm ' of ireland on a previous visit and just had to return. of course , they did it in style , staying at the 18th-century ballyfin , at the foot of the slieve bloom mountains in the centre of the country. and now the five-star hotel has been given the highest accolade , declared the grandest hotel in ireland by conde nast traveller magazine. splendour ! ballyfin has been named by travel publication condé nast traveller as the grandest hotel in ireland. the five-star retreat boasts a luxurious pool , which can be enjoyed with privacy due to its small volume of rooms.
vehicles were set ablaze in one of mexico 's biggest. cities along the u.s. border , after security forces arrested a. activity in parts of reynosa , a city across the rio grande. from mcallen , texas , ground to a halt on friday afternoon after. vehicles were torched and shooting began , authorities said. three suspected assailants were killed during the confrontations and two state police. were injured , the tamaulipas state government said in a. a reynosa police spokesman said two bystanders were. scroll down for video. a truck blazes on a street of reynosa , tamaulipas state , mexico on april 17 , 2015 as gunfights erupted in broad daylight apparently in reaction to a drug cartel leader 's arrest , officials said.
a university of south carolina ex-sorority girl has been suspended after she was pictured writing that ` n ***** s ' were to blame for the campus 's poor internet connection on a whiteboard in a study room. the white female student , who has not been identified , was captured in a snapchat photo detailing several ` reasons why usc wifi blows ' on the board at the university in columbia , south carolina. her reasons included ` incompetent ' professors , ` ratchets ' , an ` overpopulated campus ' and parking. scroll down for video. suspended : this university of south carolina student has been suspended after she was pictured writing that ` n ***** s ' were to blame for the campus 's poor internet connection on a whiteboard in a study room.
luke shaw thought he had done ok as he walked off the old trafford pitch at half-time during manchester united 's fa cup tie against arsenal last month. the score was 1-1 and shaw , returning to the team for the first time since united 's defeat at swansea city in february , had kept arsenal flyer alex oxlade-chamberlain reasonably quiet. shaw was growing into that famous red shirt , getting stronger down the left flank as this fiery sixth-round tie against arsene wenger 's team wore on. luke shaw thought he had done ok against arsenal in the fa cup but he was substituted at half time.
'' the lyrics to the famed don mclean song sold for $ 1.2 million tuesday morning at an auction held by christie 's. `` don mclean 's manuscript of ` american pie ' achieved the 3rd highest auction price for an american literary manuscript , a fitting tribute to one the foremost singer-songwriters of his generation , '' christie 's tom lecky said in a statement. mclean told rolling stone that it was time to part with the manuscript. `` i 'm going to be 70 this year , '' the singer and songwriter said in february. '' over the years , `` american pie '' has become one of the most dissected and argued-about songs in the pop music canon.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- please , not even a demonstration. freddie gray 's family had asked there be quiet on baltimore 's streets the day they laid him to rest. they became criers in the desert against countless young people flinging rocks at police , breaking windows , looting and setting fires. the peacemakers -- clergy , gray 's family and brave residents -- placed themselves in the rioters ' way. it overshadowed the message peaceful protesters delivered on prior days -- justice for gray. the 25-year-old african-american man died from spinal injuries after being arrested earlier this month. the early fits of violence came in the afternoon , about the time mourners left gray 's memorial services blocks away , rev. bryant said.
a conservative building in scotland has been sprayed with graffiti by ` nationalists ' , a tory councillor claimed. a swastika and the word ` scum ' were sprayed in white paint on the window of the offices in aberdeen last night. conservative headquarters in scotland have been sprayed with graffiti by ` nationalists ' , a tory councillor has claimed. ross thomson , a scottish conservative councillor , posted images of the graffiti on twitter just before lunch. he wrote : ` our party office has been targeted by vandals , showing the ugly face of nationalism. ' he added that the party was ` really upset ' and said it just wanted people to engage in democratic debate , the press and journal reported.
ashley young is desperate to avoid being part of the first united team to lose five successive manchester derbies. united have more silverware in their trophy cabinet , but city have had the better of their local rivals during the last couple of years. last november 's 1-0 victory at the etihad stadium was the fourth successive derby win for city. ashley young -lrb- right -rrb- wants to avoid a fifth successive derby defeat by neighbours manchester city. ander herrera celebrates scoring as united move above city for the first time this season. united have lost the last four derbies to city :.
her youngest son has only just tied the knot with his long-term partner kim sears. but judy murray has already wasted no time in revealing she simply ` ca n't wait to be a granny '. however , the tennis coach , who helped propel andy , 27 , and his brother , jamie , 29 , to sporting success , has a couple of caveats -- he has to get the french open and wimbledon out of the way first. mrs murray , 55 , who has carved out her own star status after appearing on strictly come dancing last year , also said she would be a ` very active granny ' and in the same way she coached her sons , she already has plans to introduce her grandchildren to tennis.
andros townsend admitted he had devoted plenty of thought to his cheeky retaliation against paul merson. ` that tweet has been going over in my head , ' said townsend , who followed up his spectacular equaliser in italy by hitting twitter to strike back at criticism from the former arsenal and england midfielder. ` as soon at the goal went in , i was just desperate to get that tweet out. andros townsend scores england 's equaliser in their 1-1 friendly draw with italy in turin on tuesday night. townsend celebrates his strike with tottenham hotspur team-mates ryan mason -lrb- left -rrb- and kyle walker.
a sailor who vanished after heading out to sea more than two months ago has miraculously been found alive and well off the north carolina coast. louis jordan , 37 , was picked up by a german-flagged ship at 1:30 p.m. on thursday - 66 days after he took off to do some fishing. he was found sitting on the capsized hull of his sailboat , angel , which had lost its mast and was approximately 200 miles east of cape hatteras. ` and they turned that huge skyscraper around. ' a coast guard helicopter crew from north carolina flew to the ship and airlifted jordan to a hospital in norfolk , virginia , said lt. krystyn pecora , a spokeswoman for the coast guard.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- aaron hernandez is known for his swagger. some court security officers who escort him are as tall and muscular as he is. jury deliberations resume wednesday. watch `` downward spiral : inside the case against aaron hernandez '' tonight at 9 p.m. et. it has n't been there as often in the last couple of weeks when state witnesses have included his fiancée shayanna jenkins and his former boss , new england patriots owner robert kraft , who testified hernandez would usually greet him with a kiss and a hug. always impeccably dressed in suit and tie brought in by his defense team , hernandez quickly scans the courtroom , usually starting with the rows of seats directly behind him.
boston -lrb- cnn -rrb- adrianne haslet-davis and her husband , adam davis , were standing near the finish line on the day of the boston marathon bombing. it was the second day the boston jury heard a procession of heartbreaking loss -- the survivors and families of those killed when twin bombs planted by the pair of brothers named tsarnaev exploded near the finish line. the jury must decide whether bomber dzhokhar tsarnaev , 21 , should live or die for what he has done. haslet-davis and davis , who had just returned from a tour in afghanistan with the air force , were steps away from the explosion near the forum restaurant.
a judge has given a new york city woman permission to become the first person to legally file for divorce from her elusive husband via a facebook message. the woman 's lawyer says the ruling was made by manhattan supreme court justice matthew cooper. the daily news says victor sena blood-dzraku will be served with the divorce summons via a private facebook message. attorney andrew spinnell says the couple married in 2009 in a civil ceremony. first time : ellanora baidoo hopes to finally begin divorce proceedings with her husband by sending him facebook messages containing her petition to end their marriage.
she has been selling herself as a sex pot to push copies of her new album rebel heart. but not everyone thinks she 's the cat 's meow. after belting out human nature to drake at coachella on sunday night , madonna pulled the 28-year-old singer back to plant a kiss on his lips , making out with him for at least three seconds. this happened : madonna french kissed drake onstage at coachella on sunday night. in pain : though madonna did n't see his expression , he clearly was in pain over the experience. later , sources were quick to tell tmz that drake liked the kiss , but that it was merely her lipstick that turned him off , therefore the foul look on his face.
a 31-year-old british woman has died in a freak accident when she was crushed by a falling tree in the bolivian jungle while on her dream round-the-world trip. louise shepherd had been hiking through the remote madidi national park in the north-western part of the country when a tree toppled onto her during a storm. tragedy : louise shepherd , 31 , from cobham , surrey , was hiking through a national park in north-west bolivia with her sister and a friend when a tree toppled onto her during a storm. her grief-stricken parents , peter and christine shepherd from cobham , surrey said they were left having to choose a burial plot instead of planning for her birthday.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- jodi arias was sentenced to life in prison monday for the gruesome 2008 murder of her ex-boyfriend travis alexander. maricopa county judge sherry stephens could have sentenced arias to life with the possibility of early release after 25 years , but decided the convicted killer should spend the rest of her life behind bars. before her sentence was handed down , arias expressed remorse for her actions. '' earlier , travis alexander 's sisters gave their victim impact statements. hillary alexander said she 's trying to block her brother from her life. `` i do n't want to remember him anymore , because it hurts too much to remember him alive.
graeme finlay leaving teesside crown court today. he is accused of attacking husband and wife ronald and june phillips while on board a cruise ship. after enjoying dinner , an evening show and a drink in the cruise ship 's cabaret bar , ron and june phillips headed to their cabin clutching cups of cocoa. the elderly couple were ambushed outside their room by a passenger who had earlier sat with them in the restaurant and claims that he was snubbed , a court heard yesterday. graeme finlay , 53 , says he was ` ignored ' when he joined their table and so moved to another after looking at the menu.
testosterone. by joe herbert. everything that 's unpleasant about male behaviour has been ascribed to the effects of this much maligned hormone. sexual assault and rape ? just blame testosterone. ` without our father 's testosterone , ' as he writes , ` none of us would exist. although this is the case and it 's impossible to think of ` maleness ' without testosterone , it 's also important for sexual behaviour in women. the blood of an adult woman before menopause actually contains about five times more testosterone than oestrogen , the supposedly ` female ' hormone. however , it 's as a metaphor for masculinity that testosterone is best known.
a not-for-profit group that organised seminars featuring us anti-vaccination campaigner sherri tenpenny before she had to cancel due to threats of violence has had its charity status cancelled. the australian charities and not-for-profits commission -lrb- acnc -rrb- made the announcement about get rid of sids project on wednesday. the organisation is run by well-known brisbane anti-vaccination campaigner stephanie messenger who has penned a number of children 's books , including melanie 's marvelous measles. scroll down for video. get rid of sids , which had been organising events featuring anti-vaccination campaign sherri tenpenny , has had its charity status revoked. the decision was effective from april 1 and the organisation had 60 days to lodge an appeal.
it was a simple slip of the tongue , instantly corrected minutes after his last ever ride at sandown on saturday. after a tearful yet joyous and ultimately unsuccessful afternoon that none of the 18,000 spectators will forget , it was also the point at which ap mccoy acknowledged that he was an ex-jockey. ap mccoy makes a lap of honour round the parade ring with champion jockey 's trophy at sandown. mccoy walks into parade ring to ride his final race on box office as the media assemble to get one last shot. then , when former colleagues head to uttoxeter and hexham on saturday to make an early impression on the first ap-free jockeys ' title race in two decades , mccoy will be attending the wedding of one of wife chanelle 's friends.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- eyewitness video showing white north charleston police officer michael slager shooting to death an unarmed black man has exposed discrepancies in the reports of the first officers on the scene. slager has been fired and charged with murder in the death of 50-year-old walter scott. a bystander 's cell phone video , which began after an alleged struggle on the ground between slager and scott , shows the five-year police veteran shooting at scott eight times as scott runs away. scott was hit five times. it 's unclear what happened before scott ran , or why he ran.
sebastien pocognoli has risked the wrath of his manager tony pulis , after publicly stating his confusion at losing his place in the west brom team. the belgian defender was an important player under alan irvine but since he left the club , the left back has found his game time limited. speaking to la meuse , he admitted he could n't get his head around the decisions being made. sebastien pocognoli -lrb- centre -rrb- says he 's baffled by tony pulis ' decision to drop him from the starting 11. ` even if my -lrb- left-back rival -rrb- is injured or suspended i do n't get a chance.
comcast today confirmed it has abandoned its bid to buy time warner cable for $ 45.2 billion and create a mega-size tv and internet provider. of course , we would have liked to bring our great products to new cities , but we structured this deal so that if the government did n't agree , we could walk away , ' comcast ceo brian roberts said in a statement. on wednesday night , it emerged that federal communications regulators decided that merger was n't in the public interest and threw up a regulatory roadblock that would have bogged the deal down for months and may have killed it entirely.
islamabad , pakistan -lrb- cnn -rrb- her second floor cafe on a dusty industrial road was painted with dashes of psychedelic colors. introducing others to jimi hendrix , street art , and talking politics was not supposed to get her killed. but in pakistan , free speech is dangerous , and mahmud 's exuberant exercise of it made her stick out nationwide. two gunman shot her dead at point-blank range late friday after she locked up the second floor cafe in karachi for the night , police said. mahmud died from five bullet wounds. the gunmen also shot her mother. she is in a hospital but is expected to be released on time for her daughter 's funeral.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- just eight months ago , a young woman named fatu kekula was single-handedly trying to save her ebola-stricken family , donning trash bags to protect herself against the deadly virus. today , because of a cnn story and the generosity of donors from around the world , kekula wears scrubs bearing the emblem of the emory university nell hodgson woodruff school of nursing in atlanta , where she 's learning skills she can take back home to care for her fellow liberians. `` i 'm thankful to cnn and i appreciate the people who made donations , and i 'm thankful to emory for accepting me to study.
rory mcilroy 's official coronation will come at augusta national on sunday if he wins the masters to complete the career grand slam and consign the tiger woods era to the history books. the king is dead ; long live the king. but northern ireland 's world no 1 would be forgiven if he had grinned from ear to ear. that 's because each of mcilroy 's four major victories so far has come on courses which have been subjected to heavy rain at some point during the week. wet conditions hand mcilroy a massive advantage : his huge hitting with sky-high ball flight means he can still fly his ball miles.
the tranquility of a high-priced inner-sydney suburb has been shattered as a transport war has broken out between locals and commuters. a fed up resident of cammeray , a wealthy north shore suburb , stuck a note to the windscreen of car parked near a school they believed belonged to an outsiders. this controversial note was left on the windscreen of a car by a fed-up resident of cammeray. ` if you ca n't afford to park in the cbd do n't come here !! cammeray is not a parking lot for losers. get out of your cars stop clogging up the roads and annoying local residents.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- spacex on tuesday launched a two-stage falcon 9 rocket carrying an uncrewed cargo spacecraft called dragon on a flight from cape canaveral , florida , to the international space station. in a difficult bid to land a rocket stage on a floating barge for the first time , the private space exploration company was unsuccessful. spacex founder elon musk tweeted : `` ascent successful. dragon enroute to space station. rocket landed on droneship , but too hard for survival. '' he later clarified that the rocket landed , but tipped over. spacex tried to land a falcon 9 on the drone ship in january , but the rocket hit at an angle and exploded.
it was home to a 65-year-old hoarder and her mother 's corpse for at least five years. described by police as the ` worst we have ever seen ' , the san francisco property was teeming with black widows , rats , feces and 300 bottles of urine when it was discovered on april 4. just a week after removing the rodents , trash , and corpse , realtors have priced this san francisco property at a cool $ 2.5 million. the 1904 victorian build in bay area will be sold at a live auction by tim hawko of zephyr real estate.
straight after easter on planet football comes squeaky bum time , but the only squeaking at chelsea came from jose mourinho , trying to contain his mirth when told west ham had the most positive tactics in england. mourinho was having no truck with the barclays premier league 's fair play table , which lauded the hammers for their attacking style and frowned upon chelsea 's lack of respect. he was relaxed ahead of a visit from manchester united. he even offered support to manuel pellegrini , claiming the manchester city boss had been treated like a ` criminal ' after losing six of eight games.
a father has been left furious after police ran over his daughter 's cat -- and then simply told the family that their pet had been ` disposed of '. harry the ginger tom was hit by a police car near tony hunt 's home. but instead of tracking down the owner and explaining what had happened , the officers involved knocked on a neighbour 's door and asked for a black bin bag. tony hunt , from normanton in derby , is demanding an apology from police after a neighbour reported his daughter 's cat harry had been hit by a patrol car and ` disposed of ' mr hunt spent two days putting up ` lost cat ' posters in his area before finding out what had happened from a local teenager.
washington -lrb- cnn -rrb- washington was rocked late thursday by shootings -- one at the gates of the u.s. census bureau 's headquarters and another in a popular area packed with restaurant patrons. the shootings were connected , authorities said. they began with what authorities believe was a domestic kidnapping incident , according to d.c. police chief cathy lanier. the suspect 's vehicle was spotted outside the census bureau , which is in suitland , maryland. that guard was then shot at least once in the upper body , said prince george 's county fire department spokesman mark brady. the guard was in extremely critical condition , according to brady.
when the queen , then aged 86 , was filmed ` jumping out of a plane ' during the opening ceremony of the london 2012 olympics , no one was more surprised than her grandson , prince william. describing her as an ` unbelievably good sport ' , he added : ` harry got a sniff of a rumour on the night and the rumour mill was going into overdrive. ` but , in fact , she did such a good performance that she 's been asked to star in the next bond film. ' scroll down for video. birthday : the queen , pictured at newbury racecourse on saturday , is celebrating her 89th birthday today.
aston villa manager tim sherwood kept faith with jack grealish , the 19-year-old academy graduate , after handing him his first premier league start against queens park rangers a fortnight ago. the young midfielder did not disappoint , playing a part in christian benteke 's equaliser and then setting up fabian delph 's winner. ` the bigger the stage the better he plays , the more he relishes it , ' said sherwood who saw grealish outshine liverpool 's experienced internationals steven gerrard and jordan henderson in midfield. ' jack grealish runs at liverpool defender martin skrtel in a game where he adapted well to the big stage.
an athletic boston-area high school senior collapsed and died in greece this week , becoming the third student in his school year to die within six months. quirk , who played basketball , baseball , and football at rockland high school , died a hospital in the greek capital after being taken there by ambulance , the boston globe reported. sudden death : jared quirk , right with his mother and brother , died on friday in athens , greece , while walking with friends. two others boys who attended rockland high school with him in rockland , massachusetts , also died in the past six months.
the high-end resort , which opened in 2010 , is renowned as being one of the best in the algarve for a luxury family holiday. but despite the sun shining for around 300 days of the year here and the golden sand being warm beneath your toes , the water is cold. martinhal , which boasts a fine-dining restaurant , is the only five-star resort in the area to have direct access to a beach , and is set within 25 hectares in the protected costa vicentina natural park. but despite the sun shining for around 300 days of the year here and the golden sand being warm beneath your toes , do n't be fooled -- the sea is sharp-intake-of-breath cold.
millions of petrol and diesel engine cars would be banned from the road within 25 years under liberal democrat plans. only ultra low emission vehicles and electric cars would be allowed in the uk in 2040 under the proposal. normal petrol and diesel engines which make up the vast majority of all motor vehicles would be barred. scroll down for video. liberal democrat leader nick clegg takes a short break from campaigning and takes part in go ape haldon forest park near exeter today. mr clegg thanked ` go ape ' for having him this afternoon. lib dem leader nick clegg said he wanted to tackle ` dangerous levels of air pollution ' which cut average life expectancy by up to eight months.
a tory councillor with a history of odd behaviour was told to put down his knife and fork after being caught tucking into a roast duck dinner during a council meeting. jonny bucknell , 58 , was enjoying his meal in the council chamber when a labour rival , theo blackwell , spotted him and alerted other councillors. in 2013 he slept in his car at the tory party conference. he now says he wants a rule change so he can eat a roast dinner at council meetings. the mayor , who was chairing the meeting of camden council in north london , reminded the hungry councillor that eating was banned in the chamber.
an invitation to a white house state dinner has always been one of washington 's most sought-after tickets. there 's the elegant setting , vip guests in tuxedos and designer gowns and a four-course meal served up by america 's most famous kitchen. president barack obama has held the fewest number of state dinners since harry s. truman , who left office 62 years ago. in his first six years , obama held just seven state dinners and will hold at least two more this year : for the leaders of japan , on april 28 , and china , later in the year.
al horford and demarre carroll scored 20 points each to help the atlanta hawks match a franchise record with their 57th win , beating the brooklyn nets 131-99 on saturday night. however , the hawks lost forward paul millsap to a right shoulder injury in a collision with brooklyn 's earl clark with 1:52 left in the first half. there was no foul called on the play which left millsap sprawled on the floor. millsap did not return and finished with eight points and five assists. the hawks provided no immediate details on the injury. al horford scored 20 points as the atlanta hawks crushed the brooklyn nets on saturday night.
manning 's profile picture is a sketch done of her since she began living as a woman. chelsea manning , the us army solider who was convicted of leaking thousands of secret diplomatic cables to wikileaks , has begun tweeting from behind bars at leavenworth military prison in kansas. manning sent out 15 tweets on friday afternoon - mostly to thank her supporters , including the american civil liberties union , amnesty international and journalist glenn greenwald. she also gave a shout out to tom morello , the frontman of rage against the machine. ` thank you for the support ! i 'm a huge fan of ratm and your music , ' she tweeted.
chelsea left the north london with the draw they came for , which takes them a step closer to the title. arsenal were unable to break down their opponents in an attritional game , while jose mourinho 's side rarely troubled david ospina. sportsmail 's sami mokbel gives his verdict from the emirates stadium ... arsenal. david ospina - lucky not concede a penalty after clattering into oscar - but produced a good stop to deny ramires. hector bellerin - the youngster was preferred to fit again mathieu debuchy and justified his manager 's faith. 7. david ospina was fortunate to get away without conceding a penalty when he clattered oscar.
researchers sketching out a ` wiring diagram ' for rat brains have discovered its structure is organized like the internet. they say the animal 's cerebral cortex is ` like a mini-internet '. the first comprehensive picture of how neurons connect to one another found local networks of neurons layered like the shells in a russian nesting doll. the internet has countless local area networks that then connect with larger , regional networks and ultimately with the backbone of the internet. the brain operates in a similar way , the researchers found. ` the internet has countless local area networks that then connect with larger , regional networks and ultimately with the backbone of the internet.
borussia dortmund have offered a contract extension to mats hummels as he contemplates whether it is time to leave the club. the germany international has been on manchester united 's list of targets for some time but insists he has yet to make a decision. dortmund ceo hans-joachim watzke is optimistic about extending his stay. ` we continue to plan with him , ' zorc told german magazine kicker. ' mats hummels -lrb- centre -rrb- congratulates his team-mates after they beat hoffenheim 3-2 in the german cup. hummels -lrb- top right -rrb- watches on from the stands as dortmund reach the german cup semi-finals.
tiger woods says the par-3 contest is all about ` having fun , enjoying it and not winning '. woods played in the tournament for the first time since 2004 , and made it quite a family outing with girlfriend lindsey vonn at his side , and his children caddying for him. ' tiger woods walks with his children charlie -lrb- left -rrb- and sam -lrb- second from right -rrb- and lindsey vonn -lrb- right -rrb-. woods walks with his children as they play the annual par-3 contest , in which many golfers invite their wives , girlfriends or children to caddie.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- a transportation security administration committee concluded that full screening of airport employees nationwide would not lower the overall risk to the public , according to a report released monday. the report by the tsa 's aviation security advisory committee said that full employee screening would not `` appreciably increase the overall system-wide protection. '' email your story ideas and tips to cnntips@cnn.com. `` therefore , risk-based , multi-layered security offers the greatest ability to mitigate risks through the application of flexible and unpredictable measures to protect commercial aviation. '' the tsa and most airports could not afford 100 % employee screening , the report said.
an ohio man who trained with al-qaeda terrorist tried to play off his time abroad as a harmless holiday when questioned by his friends , authorities said. ' but federal prosecutors charging mohamud with supporting terrorism and making false statements say he was actually being instructed to carry out a terrorist act in the united states. scroll down for video. abdirahman sheik mohamud , 23 , faces charges for attempting to provide and providing material support to terrorists , attempting to provide and providing material support to a designated foreign terrorist organization , and making false statements to the fbi. he pleaded not guilty to the charges friday in a columbus.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- mercedes driver and f1 championship leader lewis hamilton stole pole position for sunday 's chinese grand prix from teammate and fierce rival nico rosberg in dramatic fashion. hamilton took first place on the front row on the last lap , beating rosberg by a slim four hundredths of a second margin. the two former friends have enjoyed , or rather endured , a heated rivalry since falling out last season and rosberg 's annoyance at hamilton 's last ditch success was obvious. the german appeared upset as he left his car and refused to shake hamilton 's hand.
it 's hard to know quite what motivated the duke of york to rescue teenage sex slaves in india at the same time he faced damning allegations that he had slept with one in america. with a remarkable initiative combining the unlikely bedfellows of fashion and compassion , it can be revealed that prince andrew has personally changed the fate of more than 100 vulnerable young women in calcutta. rescued from brothels and domestic servitude , child labour and human trafficking , the girls have been taught tailoring and silk printing through a charity called key to freedom. moved : prince andrew during his visit to an indian refuge in 2012 , which inspired him to form the charity.
sam the german shepherd was filmed at home in pennsylvania as he struggled to keep his eyes open while lying on the couch. however , he keeps repeating the same action before finally giving up and pulling a big yawn. he then sleepily rolls over and snuggles up against his owner. adding to the comedy , some smooth jazz plays away after being dubbed over the final video edit. going , going , gone : sam the german shepherd was filmed at home in pennsylvania as he struggled to keep his eyes open while sitting on the couch. ready to nap : he keeps repeating the same action before finally giving a defeated stretch and big yawn.
sportsmail 's boxing correspondent jeff powell looks ahead to saturday 's mega-fight at the mgm grand after witnessing floyd mayweather and manny pacquiao 's grand arrivals in las vegas. both boxers made public appearances on tuesday as their $ 300million showdown draws ever closer , and our man powell was there. powell reflects on the pair 's arrivals on the las vegas strip and looks forward to the rest of the week.
a new jersey school teacher took the mic at a town hall meeting tuesday to tell presumptive 2016 presidential candidate chris christie that he needs to check his attitude at the door. ' cool it : new jersey schoolteacher cheryl meyer told chris christie to cool it with the attitude at a town hall meeting tuesday. ' christie 's response seemed to please many in the audience , who clapped each chance they got to affirm christie 's no-nonsense attitude. watching the matawan town hall meeting was jim keady , who christie famously told to ` sit down and shut up ' for heckling him over the disbursement of superstorm sandy funds.
indiana has seen a ` significant increase ' in the number of cases of hiv more than two weeks into a short-term needle exchange program approved by gov. mike pence , state health officials said on friday. there are now 120 confirmed hiv cases and 10 preliminary positive cases tied to scott county , about 30 miles north of louisville , kentucky. health officials who declared an epidemic last month have said they expect the number of cases to rise as more people are tested. but the growing number could put pressure on pence to extend the 30-day needle exchange program that he approved on march 26.
there was more drama than expected at a thespian awards ceremony this week , as an honoree slipped off the stage and nearly crushed musicians in the orchestra pit. harrison poe was announced as best supporting actor at the annual tommy tune awards on tuesday in houston , texas , but the high school student had a little difficulty navigating the stage. tv cameras caught him confidently getting up to accept the accolade before slipping and falling headfirst into the darkness. scroll down for video. caught on camera : there was more drama than expected at a thespian awards ceremony this week , as an awardee slipped off the stage and nearly crushed musicians in the orchestra pit.
german photographer dieter klein travelled the world to find vintage cars left to crumble in leafy forests and fields. he came across a range of mysterious graveyards hosting all sorts of vehicles , including a rare jaguar xk120 , which , if restored , could be worth # 82,000 , and a fleet of vehicles used by the allies in the second world war. many of the cars , often with doors , tires or windows missing , are parked on forest floors where nature has taken them over. dieter , 57 , from cologne , first came across a citroen truck that had been dumped in a bush six years ago.
at normal viewing distance , healthy eyes should be able to pick up the fine lines on einstein 's face , causing the brain to disregard marilyn monroe 's image altogether. scroll down for video. the image was created by superimposing a blurry picture of monroe over a picture of albert einstein drawn in fine lines. features with a high spatial frequency -lrb- einstein -rrb- are only visible when you 're viewing them close up , and those with low spatial frequencies -lrb- monroe -rrb- are only visible from further away. combining pictures of the two produces a single image which changes when the viewer moves closer or farther away from the screen.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- cigarettes have been put out across the bars of new orleans. the city known for excess of everything -- drinking , eating , dancing in the street until all hours -- went smoke-free as tuesday became wednesday at midnight. how can that be ? it turns out that the city known for its over-the-top mardi gras celebrations and incredible jazz fests -lrb- starting friday ! -rrb- did n't want its waiters and musicians to have to breathe smoke to do their jobs anymore. the new orleans city council passed its ban against smoking in most places across the city -- including bars , casinos and restaurants -- in january , and the vote was unanimous , the new orleans times-picayune reports.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- are you smarter than a really smart singapore high school student ? see if you can figure out cheryl 's birthday , the singapore logic problem that 's got the internet twisted into knots. some are even saying it 's the math equivalent of the `` what color is the dress '' debate. cheryl 's birthday challenge was meant to test the better high-school students competing in the singapore and asian schools math olympiad , held april 8. here it is : cheryl has a birthday , and she does n't want to share it right away. -rrb- so she gives her friends albert and bernard a list of 10 possible birthday dates : may 15 , may 16 , may 19 , june 17 , june 18 , july 14 , july 16 , august 14 , august 15 or august 17.
are you partial to a prawn mayo sandwich , drawn by the lure of a shrimp cocktail on a menu ? once only enjoyed by the affluent , prawns are now a healthy , cheap option filling supermarkets , sandwich bars and restaurants across the world. a new study by experts at consumer reports in the us has found 60 per cent of packaged prawns tested were found to contain traces of harmful bacteria. experts in the us found the majority of the shrimp sold on supermarket shelves arrive there after starting life on vast prawn farms in south east asia.
chris ramsey believes three wins from the last five games will be enough to secure queens park rangers ' top flight status. rangers are in the drop zone of the barclays premier league with 28 points as they prepare for a london derby at home to west ham. ` if you win three games you 're probably going to stay up , ' said ramsey. queens park rangers boss chris ramsey believes his side will stay in the premier league with three wins. clint hill reacts after qpr conceded a late goal against chelsea to lose 1-0 at loftus road. ramsey spoke of his dismay at the nature of the late defeat by chelsea in their last game.
since marrying king felipe of spain in 2004 , queen letizia has continued to regularly up the style stakes. and the glamorous monarch put on a smart show on a visit to a conference in barcelona in a white trouser suit with a blush-coloured silk top and woven clutch. the mum-of-two -lrb- pictured right -rrb- stepped out in a striking white tailored suit with complementary nude accessories. spain 's queen -lrb- pictured centre -rrb- strode into science museum , cosmocaixa , in a relaxed manner , clutching her stylish woven clutch. the mother-of-two , who delivered an address at the event , paired a chic blazer with perfectly-cut tailored trousers , which showed off her svelte figure.
in telly terms , the fa cup has had quite - what they like to call in the trade - a ` journey ' this season. but with wembley on board for both games , i doubt the bbc and bt sport will have minded presenting their coverage from hq. however , on saturday evening , ian wright was dead sheepish about it in the bbc 's on-site studio. ` i do n't like semi finals at wembley ' , said wrighty squirming awkwardly in his seat at the prospect of it. arsenal players celebrate during the victory over reading which saw the gunners reach the fa cup final.
australian artist george gittoes says his 2015 sydney peace prize is welcome recognition that ` creativity is the opposite of war '. the jury recognised gittoes ` for his courage to witness and confront violence in the war zones of the world ' and for ` enlisting the arts to subdue aggression '. australian artist george gittoes , pictured at his studio in bundeena - south of sydney in 2007 , has just been awarded the sydney peace prize. gittoes told aap he does n't consider himself in the same league as previous winners , which include archbishop desmond tutu and academic noam chomsky but said it 's great to have an artist recognised in a peace award.
masters wednesday began on a sombre note when australian marc leishman , who got so close to victory in 2013 before finishing tied fourth behind countryman adam scott , had to withdraw. his wife audrey spent part of last week in an induced coma owing to a serious infection. marc leishman has withdrawn from this year 's competition to be with his wife. ` we have a very short member season at augusta national of seven months , ' he explained. ` the time that we dedicate to the preparation and conduct of the tournament is already extensive. ' billy payne has ruled out starting a women 's masters despite talking about growing the game.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- their eyes reflect childhoods marked by tragedy. tomasz lazar spent hours photographing and interviewing adults who were ripped from their homes as children in the 1940s and forced to live thousands of miles away in siberia. '' soviet authorities invaded poland during world war ii and deported hundreds of thousands of poles. some were sent to prison camps in the frozen wilderness of central russia. in effect , moscow stole much of an entire generation of young poles , a handful of whom lazar has located seven decades later. `` some lost mothers , fathers , brothers , sisters -- killed by the soviets.
it was a real-life fairytale -- the moment , 70 years ago , when two carefully guarded princesses were let loose to join the jubilant crowds in london celebrating the end of the second world war in europe. now the adventure has been re-created in a new film , showing the young princesses elizabeth and margaret as they wander incognito through the city streets. scroll down for video. royal role : canadian sarah gadon , left. dancing queen : sarah gadon as princess elizabeth enjoying a night out to celebrate the end of the second world war. ` it was a cinderella moment in reverse , ' says the hon margaret rhodes , 89 , first cousin to the queen and her best friend.
havana , cuba -lrb- cnn -rrb- all eyes are going to be on the new kid finally allowed to play and the big kid who for so long wanted nothing to do with him -- cuba and the united states in the same diplomatic playground. cuba pulled off a diplomatic coup by marshaling the support of other regional countries to insist on their attendance at the summit of the americas. and for the first time since 1962 , the u.s. has not blocked cuba 's attempt to join. cuba is trying to re-establish itself at the two-day summit in panama , arriving with more than 100 government officials , diplomats , small business people and artists.
a study claims that britons spend an average of # 62 a week on rewarding themselves , with retail therapy reaching a high at lunchtime today. treats can range from as little as a bar of chocolate or a glass of wine to designer clothes and shoes , according to research by website vouchercodes.co.uk. a study reveals that britons spend an average of # 62 a week on rewarding themselves , with retail therapy reaching a high at lunchtime today. treats can range from a bar of chocolate to a glass of wine. and surprisingly , men spend a third more a month than women on treating themselves.
an albuquerque man opened fire at a customer he argued with at a gas station -- and then used his 13-year-old son as a getaway driver , police say. sergio barrientos-hinojosa was arrested late saturday. police say an inebriated barrientos-hinojosa had his 13-year-old son take him to buy beer at the gas station , where he got into an argument and started shooting at another customer. scroll down for video. father : police say an inebriated sergio barrientos-hinojosa had his 13-year-old son take him to buy beer at the gas station , where he got into an argument and started shooting at another customer.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- once hillary clinton 's official announcement went online , social media responded in a big way , with terms like `` hillary clinton , '' '' #hillary2016 , '' and yes , even '' #whyimnotvotingforhillary '' trending.
ravi beefnah , 34 , parked his white audi a5 - which is covered in red lettering - outside the entrance of the dealership in chelmsford , essex , in february as a warning to other buyers. two months later and mr beefnah 's protest is still there , with the owner claiming that audi have failed to resolve his long-running complaint about the engine and fix the car. scroll down for video. mr beefnah 's car has been parked outside the audi dealership in chelmsford , essex , for two months. mr beefnah claims that audi failed to resolve his long-running complaint about the engine and fix the car.
prince william , dutiful fellow that he is , has announced that he will be taking six weeks of paternity leave. ' scroll down for video. ` he may be a prince of the realm , but under it all he is a new man , bowing to convention like a willow branch in the flood , ' says quentin letts of prince william 's six weeks ' paternity leave. and so , for the next six weeks , and possibly beyond , the prince will be on domestic parade , quivering to attention at the nursery door somewhere deep inside their stately home , anmer hall , in norfolk , like a guardsman doing sentry duty outside st james 's palace.
arkansas republican gov. asa hutchinson said wednesday that he wo n't sign a religious freedom bill that his state 's legislature sent to him on tuesday , citing influence from his politically liberal son. he is sending it back to lawmakers , he told reporters , for amendments that will bring it more in line with the 1993 federal religious freedom restoration act -- which critics say better protected the rights of gays and lesbians. ` my son seth , signed the petition asking me , dad , the governor , to veto this bill , ' hutchinson said. ' seth told daily mail online that ' i love and respect my father very much , but sometimes we have political disagreements , just as many families do.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- the marriage apocalypse may be coming. and i do. recently , i talked about marriage with a group of journalism students from my alma mater , kent state university. their views on marriage intrigued me the most. 'cause , guess what ? they do n't care what your generation thinks -- they 'll get married if and when they want. you want to be successful. and i do n't think you need a wedding ring to prove that you love someone. i see a lot of people get married too soon or stay together and are unhappy because they are afraid to be alone.
they 're two words that strike fear into parents ' hearts and leave the entire family exhausted and emotional : temper tantrum. now a new video created by oprah winfrey 's own tv , reveals just what 's happening in a child 's mind when they become angry and upset - and the best way to help them calm down. scroll down for video. a group of children describe their feelings in the midst of a passionate outburst , in a video featured on super soul sunday , oprah 's emmy award-winning tv series. and while mindfulness has become the latest buzzword when it comes to dealing with stress and bolstering your mental well-being for adults , it seems children are also benefiting from it.
however , one florida homeowner was shocked to find a nine foot bull shark swimming right past his back door. this incredible video captured the moment the extremely dangerous predator prowled past the property at the north end of hickory island , in bonita springs. this is the moment a nine foot long bull shark , considered among the deadliest in the world , was captured swimming past a condo back yard on hikcory island in florida. the beast can be seen just under the the water , with its distinctive pectoral fin breaking the surface. residents in bonita springs told nbc-2 that sharks began swimming up to their condos about a week ago , and have been spotted several times since.
vijaya gadde , twitter 's top lawyer , admitted it has been ` inexcusably slow ' in tackling online trolls. twitter 's top lawyer has admitted it has been ` inexcusably slow ' in tackling online trolls who make the lives of others a misery. vijaya gadde said the social network had let internet abuse go ` unchecked ' because it did not recognise the scope and scale of the problem. she made the announcement on the day a study found that 88 per cent of abusive behaviour on social media happens on twitter. anti-bullying campaigners have also long complained that twitter is a sanctuary for trolls who post hateful abuse behind the veil of anonymity.
istanbul , turkey -lrb- cnn -rrb- sitting on a sunny bench in istanbul 's gezi park , fadime gurgen dismisses the controversy surrounding the 100th anniversary friday of the massacre of armenians under the ottoman empire with a wave of her hand. gurgen , a 55-year-old cleaner , says her family has had close friendships with armenians going back generations. ninety-one percent of turks do not believe that the events of 1915 -- when , according to armenians , 1.5 million ethnic armenians were systematically killed in the final years of the ottoman empire -- were genocide , according to a recent poll.
tracey neville would say she has never lived in the shadow of her footballing brothers. at the peak of her career as an england netball player who won bronze medals at the commonwealth games and world cup , she earned just # 742 a month. but there has been no shortage of ambition and no lack of personality. she is phil neville 's twin and i ask her which of them , back on january 21 , 1977 , emerged first. tracey neville , pictured at hotel football in manchester , is phil neville 's twin and sister to gary neville.
murdered : road rage victim shahnawaz was returning home from a family function when the shocking attack occurred. at around 10.30 pm on sunday , turkman gate lived up to delhi 's reputation as a city that has lost its soul. two children , 13 and nine years old , stood wailing and begging bystanders as five local strongmen mercilessly beat their father to death over a traffic quarrel. road rage claimed another life. the police did not arrive from a chowki merely 50 metres away. when no one came to their father 's rescue , the hapless children ran to the cops , who asked them to call 100.
officially it 's known as a ` forward three-and-a-half somersaults with one twist pike ' but unofficially it 's the ` firework ' and tom daley hopes it 's the dive that turns london bronze into rio gold. the former world champion knows he needs to push the boundaries of his sport and spent most of last year battling to master his ` demon ' dive , a dizzying combination of somersaults and twists he had hoped would prove the difference. daley spent long hours on the trampoline perfecting technique before building the dive in stages from different heights. tom daley hopes his new ` firework ' dive can help win olympic gold at the 2016 rio de janiero games.
waterloo , iowa -lrb- cnn -rrb- martin o'malley and jim webb share little in common. both democrats are toying with a presidential run , both are facing long odds in that endeavor , and both shared a stage at the polk county democrats awards dinner in des moines , iowa , on friday night. o'malley is a former mayor and maryland governor who seems most at home when he is pressing the flesh at events and introducing himself to anyone who would extend their hand. webb , on the contrary , is a decorated vietnam war veteran and former senator from virginia who comes across as more stoic and , at times , uncomfortable with retail politics.
online fitness company protein world caused a twitter storm recently with its london underground poster of a genetically-blessed model in a small yellow bikini , asking : ` are you beach body ready ? ' the poster , promoting weight loss , came under fire from some feminists and body image campaigners who branded the campaign body-shaming and called for the offending images to be removed. transport for london are in the process of removing the ad , and now internet pranksters have hit back with their own version of the poster , this time featuring three curvaceous women and featuring the caption : ` yes.
all eyes will be on ap mccoy as he bids for a dream end to his career but i have a strong feeling that a horse he could have ridden is going to come back to haunt him. the 19-time champion jockey could have ridden cause of causes who , like his mount shutthefrontdoor , is owned by his boss jp mcmanus. he has ridden him three times before. he was second at the 2014 cheltenham festival and then landed the four-mile national hunt chase at last month 's meeting. that marks him down as a quality performer , and he is ridden by a grand national winning jockey in paul carberry -lrb- bobbyjo , 1999 -rrb- and trained by a race-winning trainer in gordon elliott -lrb- silver birch , 2007 -rrb-.
wayne rooney believes manchester united team-mate marouane fellaini has gone from old trafford scapegoat to one of the most dangerous forwards in europe. fellaini was one of the stars of united 's manchester derby demolition of neighbours city on sunday and was recently described as almost undroppable by manager louis van gaal. now rooney has revealed his admiration for the former everton forward , saying : ` he is getting used in the right way. marouane fellaini has enjoyed an upturn in fortunes in recent week at manchester united. ` we like to play out from the back and if teams are pressing us then we have him as an option.
struggling to drift off ? ed sheeran could be what you need , and lots of it. music streaming service spotify has analysed over 2.8 million users ' playlists labelled ` sleep ' , and sheeran 's thinking out loud features as the top song that people fall asleep to. music streaming service spotify has analysed 2.8 million ` sleep ' playlists and revealed that ed sheeran 's hit song , thinking out loud , is the top song that people fall asleep to. as well as scooping the global list 's top spot for sleep-inducing song , the brit award winner features on the list , an additional six times.
sitting front row at fashion week is a coveted position. stars , buyers and fashion editors in the ` frow ' are often showered with gift bags stuffed with treats from the show sponsors. the maticevski show at mercedes-benz fashion week australia on tuesday went above and beyond to impress guests , with front row attendees given a personalised tablet. scroll down for video. sticky fingers : singer jessica mauboy was among the front row attendees at the maticevski show at mercedes-benz fashion week australia who had her gifted tablet stolen from her seat. jessica mauboy , model maddison brow , and gq editor nick smith were among those who had their lenovo tablets stolen from their seats.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- in 1944 , 16-year-old yong soo lee of taegu , korea , was lured by a friend of hers to meet with an older japanese man. there , the girls were forced into sexual slavery , serving four to five japanese soldiers every day for a year. lee suffered beatings and torture , was infected with a venereal disease , was fed paltry amounts of food , faced temperatures so cold that ice formed on her body , and was never allowed outside. lee is just one example of the over 200,000 women from korea , china , the philippines , indonesia , and other asian nations , who were kidnapped and sexually enslaved by the japanese imperial army during world war ii.
a series of billboards posted around new york city are seeking to encourage residents to consider a move east to detroit. the ads are the brainchild of a trio of people opening a new thai restaurant in the motor city who not only want exposure for their new business but also to promote detroit as an alternative for new yorkers who feel that city has got too expensive for them. we love the idea of detroit being appealing to talented people from new york or anywhere , ' said detroit native courtney henriette told the detroit news. a series of billboards posted around new york city - including this one in bushwick in brooklyn - are seeking to encourage residents to consider a move east to detroit.
secret service agents will take a bullet for the president of the united states , but apparently they wo n't swim for him. when the public commissions with jurisdiction over the white house heard proposals for beefing up the presidential mansion 's perimiter , they were told that the government would n't be digging a moat around the building. ' ultimately saner heads prevailed : the national park service and the secret service are recommending the addition of half-inch-thick spikes , angled away from the white house , to the existing fence. scroll down for videos. a joke taken seriously : one television network mocked up what 1600 pennsylvania avenue might look like surrounded by a ditch filled with water to deter would-be intruders.
a pregnant popeyes employee in texas says that she was fired from her job at the fast food chain after being robbed and refusing to personally pay back the money that was stolen. marissa holcomb , who is five months pregnant with her fourth child , was held at up at the fried chicken chain store in channelview on march 31. a man armed with a handgun and his face concealed by a red beanie ran into the store and jumped the counter , forcing holcomb to empty the registers before making off with $ 400. scroll down for video. i 'm not paying the money ' : marissa holcomb - who is five months pregnant with her fourth child - says she was fired from popeyes after $ 400 was robbed from her till and she refused to pay it back.
a new reddit thread asking users to submit the most horrendous baby names they have ever come across has attracted more than 18,000 comments in just 24 hours , and turned up a treasure trove of bad parental judgement calls. femail has compiled the worst examples , including the names ` orgasm ' , submitted by the daughter of a midwife who has heard her fair share of horror stories , and ` mazen ' , because ` it was ` mazen ' -lrb- amazing -rrb- when the child was born. unlucky : a new reddit thread asking users to submit the most horrendous baby names they have ever come across has attracted more than 18,000 comments in just 24 hours , and femail has compiled the top 12.
raheem sterling gave a revealing insight into his future on wednesday , insisting he was not a money-grabbing 20-year-old despite turning down a liverpool contract worth # 100,000-a-week. the england winger instead pointed to his desire to finish out the season before considering any more offers , focusing on winning trophies with his club for the time being. but how much of what sterling told bbc sport can we believe ? sportsmail 's riath al-samarrai tries his hand at interpreting. liverpool star raheem sterling gave a revealing insight into his liverpool talks with bbc sport. i talk about winning trophies throughout my career.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- here you go , galaxy. at an emotional event in anaheim , california , director j.j. abrams and the `` star wars : episode vii -- the force awakens '' cast showed off for the audience and then capped the presentation with the trailer for the new film. the audience gasped , cheered and applauded. you 're family , '' mark hamill told the crowd. carrie fisher was also there , though without her trademark princess leia hair buns. airline unveils ` star wars ' 787 dreamliner painted like r2-d2. also introduced : `` star wars '' emoji , some new stormtroopers and the bb8 , the soccer-ball-like droid that rolled around the stage , to the delight of the audience.
the sailor who claimed to have ` miraculously ' survived for 66 days at sea has responded to sceptics around the world -- saying : ` god knows i am a truthful man '. louis jordan , 37 , who was rescued 200 miles off the north carolina coast , said he survived for more than two months on his stricken boat by eating fish he caught by trailing dirty clothes in the ocean , and by catching rainwater in a bucket. scroll down for video. louis jordan , second from left , walks from the coast guard helicopter to the sentara norfolk general hospital in norfolk , virginia.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- a group of six young minnesota men conspired to sneak into syria and join isis `` by any means necessary , '' federal prosecutors said monday. the group of friends , ages 19 to 21 , were arrested sunday. these are focused men who are intent on joining a terrorist organization by any means possible. '' recruiting for the isis terrorist network is a particular problem in minnesota 's community of somali immigrants. '' zacharia yusuf abdurahman , 19 ; adnan farah , 19 ; hanad mustafe musse , 19 ; and guled ali omar , 20 , were arrested in minneapolis.
but there 's something we never knew about bobby drake , aka iceman of the x-men. wednesday 's issue of `` all-new x-men '' no. 40 reveals the truth : bobby is gay. `` there are thousands if not millions of stories of people who , for many different reasons , felt the need to hide their sexuality , '' brian michael bendis , who wrote the issue , said in a statement to cnn. this is just the first little chapter of a much larger story that will be told. in the `` all-new x-men '' storyline , members of the x-men team travel to the past , as younger versions of themselves.
a former factory girl who earned less than # 100 a month is now worth # 4.9 billion , and has been named china 's richest woman. zhou qunfei has shared her incredible ` rags to riches ' life story with the people 's daily , after the self-made billionaire 's company lens technology went public -- making her wealthier than richard branson. zhou qunfei , 45 , has been named china 's richest woman after her company lens technology went public. she would send her salary home to her father , who was nearly blinded in an industrial accident. her mother died when she was five.
the lightning-fast greens at augusta national can be a daunting prospect for many first-timers at the masters. the 27-year-old finished one-under but it was his monster putt for eagle at the par-five 13th that he was tweeting about afterwards. england 's danny willett carded an opening round of 71 at augusta on thursday. his brother p j willett , at home doing some diy on light switches , also tweeted : ` bro @willett1987 shot under par in 1st round of #masters2015 debut. who 's living the dream ? ' willett admitted it was a dream come true to mark his masters debut with an eagle and an opening round of 71 at augusta national.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- tornadoes , fierce winds and severe thunderstorms with large hail are predicted for the midwest and for the plains , from the ozarks eastward to the lower ohio valley , on thursday and friday , the national weather service said. severe weather is perilous anytime , of course , but cnn meteorologist chad myers says that tornado conditions are more dangerous during the night. scattered storms will soak illinois and missouri , and wind and hail will continue to be moderate in those states , the national weather service said. by thursday afternoon , storms will hit parts of indiana and kentucky.
masters champion jordan spieth is back to work this week at the rbc heritage classic after two days celebrating his victory at augusta national and being showered with attention. spieth arrived at sea pines resort late tuesday night after a media whirlwind in new york since tying tiger woods ' masters record of 18-under 270 to capture the green jacket. spieth does n't believe the success will change him. in fact , he said he upheld his commitment to the rbc heritage in part to chase down rory mcilroy for world no. 1. ' i would n't come to a tournament just to come to a tournament , especially with that goal still in mind , ' said spieth , who moved to no. 2 in the world rankings with the masters ' win.
new york -lrb- cnn -rrb- jake tapper is the next anchor of cnn 's sunday morning political interview program `` state of the union. '' cnn announced tapper 's promotion on friday morning. he will take over the program in june ; he 'll remain the channel 's chief washington correspondent and the anchor of the weekday afternoon newscast `` the lead. '' among his peers , tapper is seen as an authority on politics , something a program like `` state of the union '' demands. '' ` state of the union ' has a rich tradition and i hope to not only build on its history but expand the definition of what a sunday show can be.
jet-setter : elvis presley bought both planes in 1975. but elvis presley 's planes are to be taken from the grounds of his former mansion after local officials signed off the controversial deal. memphis city council agreed yesterday that hound dog ii and lisa marie -- named after the king of rock ` n ' roll 's daughter -- can be moved from his estate to a site nearby. graceland visitors can currently buy a ticket that includes a tour of presley 's home-turned-museum and the interiors of the two planes. they have been at the estate since the mid-1980s after graceland 's managing company , elvis presley enterprises -lrb- epe -rrb- , agreed that the planes ' owner , okc partnership , could have a cut of graceland ticket sales.
you get the impression around english cricket at the moment that people have a bit of a downer on stuart broad. there should always be scrutiny on england players ' places , i have no problem with that , but we have to be careful we do not get confused between broad the bowler and broad the batsman. fact is , in the last 14 tests broad has taken 63 wickets at 24 apiece which is pretty good considering he 's been carrying niggles and injuries. so there has not been much wrong with his bowling even though , as i said on wednesday , he 's not quite at his best following his long lay-off after surgery.
residents and tourists in venice have for years delighted in their local , laid-back fizz. but here in britain prosecco has long been seen as the second choice to champagne. according to industry figures released this month , we 've developed such a taste for prosecco that last year uk sales overtook those of champagne for the first time -- # 181.8 million compared with # 141.3 million. prosecco may have found its way over here 30-odd years ago , but it was barely known beyond well-travelled wine lovers. one uk wine importer , david gleave from liberty wines , tried to sell it in the late eighties : ` i thought : `` this is delicious -- i 'm sure people will buy it.
you might think seemingly endless sales would be guaranteed to tempt shoppers through the door. but high street retailers are boosting their fortunes -- by scrapping them. debenhams and mothercare have called a halt to long-running promotions which fail to excite shoppers , replacing them with shorter events that have more impact. experts claim prolonged sales can devalue products and encourage shoppers to delay buying an item until it is reduced. high street chains , including mothercare , are calling time on cut-price promotions that seem to go on forever. figures show a third of all fashion purchases are now made in a sale or promotion , and there have been warnings that shoppers are being ` trained ' not to buy at full price , undermining profits.
the body of kyle knox has been found near the foot of ben nevis three weeks after he disappeared. the body of a missing hiker has been found three weeks after he vanished trying to climb britain 's highest mountain. kyle knox , from london , was last seen alive at the foot of ben nevis on march 31. the 23-year-old was reported missing the following day when he failed to return to his hotel in fort william. the mercury had plunged to minus seven and winds of up to 70mph were recorded in the region. it was believed kyle , who was not an experienced walker , had attempted to climb the ben nevis alone.
she and rogers , 34 , own the breckenridge cannabis club , a recreational marijuana dispensary in the historic and scenic ski town of breckenridge , colorado. the couple started their business as a medical cannabis dispensary in 2010 , but when colorado became the first state in the nation to allow the sale of recreational marijuana , they saw a once-in-a-lifetime business opportunity. previously , they were only permitted to sell medical marijuana to the approximate 4,500 permanent residents of breckenridge ; when the new legislation took effect on january 1 , 2014 , they could then sell to any of the 30,000-plus tourists -lrb- 21 years or older -rrb- who visited the town during peak season.
a four-year-old boy got trapped in an arcade game after climbing in to the ` claw ' machine when he failed to win a teddy. henry howes narrowly failed to pick up a despicable me toy as he played the notoriously difficult claw game at his local swimming pool in tamworth , staffordshire. desperate to get to his hands on the teddy , he put his hand inside the machine 's hatch - but when he reached too far , he slipped under the trap door and was stuck inside. scroll down for video. grumpy : but the four-year-old was unhurt after spending half an hour trapped in the machine.
alex impey is breaking the law selling his customers marijuana , but as long as he keeps hearing stories that the drug is helping them cope with pain , he could n't care less. and business for medicinal marijuana is booming , with mr impey telling daily mail australia he receives 20 new requests for help each week at his hemp store , gnostic hemporium , on the nsw central coast , north of sydney. ` and that woman -lsb- with parkinson 's -rsb- has had remarkable results when using the cannabis , it stopped her shuddering. ' scroll down for video.
they had only one shot at it , with the masked raider wriggling clear of security in the 88th minute and making his way into the penalty area undetected. this was the second london heist in a week , with the loftus road imposter easily identifiable when he whipped off his head gear in front of qpr 's stunned supporters. cesc fabregas was the diamond when he worked the opening , following the carefully laid out plans of eden hazard and substitute oscar to pull off this unlikely job for chelsea. cesc fabregas arrives late on to convert eden hazard 's pass and secure all three points for chelsea at loftus road.
fast food giant chipotle is making a fresh start and stepping away from using gmos -lrb- genetically modified organisms -rrb- as ingredients. steve ells , the company 's co-ceo and founder , discussed the new development with cnn money. ' scroll down for video. fresh start : chipotle co-ceo steve ells , pictured , has said ` it 's relatively easy for us to have all non-gmo ingredients ' ells added ` you know , we 've always paid attention to the way we 've sourced food since we started 22 years ago. ` like artificial colors , additives , preservatives.
the married at first sight star who tried to leave her groom at the altar after deciding he was too ` unattractive ' for her has finally admitted to having romantic feelings towards him. while the honeymoon period comes to an end for the couples on tonight 's episode of the hit fyi reality series , as they all return home to celebrate the holidays with their spouses , whom they 've known for a total of seven days , it seems that , for jaclyn methuen and ryan ranellone , the romance has only just begun. day seven , oh man , i have a crush on my husband , ' 30-year-old jaclyn says in a preview for the latest episode.
a 90-year-old man loved by his community has been found with his hands tied behind his back and beaten to death in his own home. police say earl arthur olander who lived alone in a home in rural minnesota , was discovered covered in cuts and bruises and his home had been ransacked. pictured from left is earl olander with his friends the boecker family , maria , bill and tatiana. earl olander was found beaten to death in his own home. here he is pictured with his close friend william boecker 's family members , to whom he was like a ` surrogate grandfather ' close friend william boecker told the minneapolis startribune he had known mr olander for the past 22 years and described him as ' a stand-up person '.
brazilian star oscar says he is happy at chelsea and wo n't be leaving stamford bridge in the summer. there have been suggestions that the 23-year-old could be offloaded by jose mourinho having not completed a full 90 minutes since january. but oscar is determined to stay and become mourinho 's main man : ` i 'm very happy here. brazilian star oscar in action for chelsea at queens park rangers on sunday , where he came off the bench. oscar has not completed a full 90 minutes for chelsea since february , raising speculation he could leave. but the brazil international has insisted he is happy at stamford bridge and will be staying at the club.
leeds ' sporting director nicola salerno has resigned , the club 's disqualified owner massimo cellino is reported to have confirmed. the 58-year-old italian 's departure comes six days after leeds ' assistant head coach steve thompson was suspended. cellino , banned from having any executive influence at elland road until may 4 due to a tax conviction in italy , told the yorkshire evening post : ` he resigned. nicola salerno -lrb- right -rrb- has resigned from his role as leeds united 's sporting director. ' i wanted him to stay and speak about it first when i got back to leeds but he made the decision.
internet users were left scratching their heads after an old hoax video showing a wave rider surfing in front of the sydney 's opera house started trending for a second time. the posting of the video comes in the wake of heavy storms which battered sydney overnight , with parts of the city experiencing the heaviest rainfall in 100 years. a hoax video showing a wave rider surfing in front of the sydney 's opera house has gone viral for the second time. some users have referenced the weather as the trigger of the strange phenomenon , with musician fortafy uploading the video with the following caption : ` storm brings out surfers in sydney harbour.
off target : it has been claimed the g36 -lrb- pictured -rrb- does not shoot straight when it overheats at 30c. the g36 was created for the requirements of the german armed forces but it is also used as an infantry weapon in around 50 countries. it is used in britain by counterterrorism police. calibre : 5.56 mm x 45. magazine capacity : 30 rounds. weight : 3.63 kg. length : 755-1 ,002 mm. use in the uk : between 2,000 and 3,000 g36 rifles belong to police forces across the country. an assault rifle used by counter-terror police does not shoot straight when it gets hot , tests claim.
a four-year-old boy has accrued a burgeoning fan base for giving a very animated interview on local tv despite having bandaged wounds. jayden wingler of phoenix , arizona , was interviewed by fox news earlier this week about a theme park accident which left him with severe burns on his legs. scroll down for video. tv debut : jayden wingler of phoenix , arizona , was interviewed by fox news earlier this week about a theme park accident which left him with severe burns on his legs. jayden 's father , skeeter , was unable to get a word in edgewise , as the youngster continued with his story.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- it was a typical practice day for the washington university of rowing team , but then danger came from beneath. the scene was creve coeur lake outside of st. louis early friday morning. '' patel screamed at teammate yoni david , `` yoni , get it off me ! '' thankfully , no rowers were injured during the ordeal , but the strong smell of fish lingered in the moments afterward.
this is the moment a college athlete 's victory turned to ashes in his hands after he slowed down to celebrate his win and got overtaken. tanguy pepiot , a steeplechase runner for the university of oregon , had a clear lead on his rival meron simon , who competes for the university of washington. but at a track meet saturday in eugene , oregon , a crowd of more than 3,000 people saw the distance evaporate after pepiot raised his hands in pre-emptive joy , with less than 100m to go. big gains : pepiot , right , is pictured from track level raising his hands to excite the crowd - as simon tears toward him from behind.
floyd mayweather and manny pacquiao are less than two weeks away from facing each other in the richest fight in history. floyd mayweather with girlfriend doralie medina -lrb- left -rrb- and manny pacquiao with his wife jinkee -lrb- right -rrb-. pacquiao with his wife and children -lrb- left to right : michael , israel , emmanuel , princess and queen elizabeth. pacquiao was joined in los angeles by his ever-expanding family ; wife jinkee and their five children - princess , emmanuel jnr , israel , queen elizabeth and michael. jinkee arrived in los angeles last month , three weeks after her husband had started his training camp.
but research with twins suggests picking who to vote for in an election might have more to do with your genes than the policies of the parties. to put this to the test , the department of twin research , which hosts the biggest adult twin registry in the uk , recently performed a poll of voting preferences. deciding who you will vote for may have more to do with your family than who won the leaders debate -lrb- above -rrb- finds study which looked at the voting habits of twins born in the uk. the aim was to explore how much nature and nurture influence our party political allegiances and potential voting preferences.
from model rosie huntington-whiteley 's beloved wheatgrass-packed green juice to victoria beckham 's favourite bee pollen breakfasts , there are plenty of stars who are walking adverts for the power of superfoods. health bloggers and celebrities alike sing superfoods ' praises and scientists publish countless studies into their health benefits. indeed , acai berries have been linked to weight loss and cancer prevention , flax seeds are thought to help lower blood pressure and reduce the risk of heart disease , while coconut oil has been hailed as a weight loss aid. tipper lewis , 43 , has been reaping the benefits of superfoods for twenty years and credits the likes of chia seeds , bee pollen and matcha green tea with her boundless energy and good health.
over the years i 've been lucky enough to play with a lot of accomplished women golfers , including two former world no 1 's in lorena ochoa and laura davies. but none of these encounters prepared me for playing 18 holes with charley hull , the best teenage golfer in britain. the venue was turnberry and a media day for the ricoh women 's british open in july. the sun was shining , ailsa craig was shimmering in the distance and hull put on a shot-making clinic. teenager hull possesses the same ` wow ' factor as world no 1 rory mcilroy -lrb- below -rrb-.
feeding the pet dog is enough to keep this baby entertained - for hours. michael j from michigan filmed his 11-month-old daughter leighton in floods of tears before she was handed a french fry to lure over the family pup , zayla. footage shows the little girl reaching down to feed the hungry canine and chuckling with delight when he snaps the treat up. but this time around she decides to break the chunk of potato in half to make it last longer. each time the dog nibbles the portioned fry up , more laughter ensues. finally leighton 's mother pops her down on the floor so she can closer to her animal friend.
what we may be witnessing in these opening jousts of the season is the mental disintegration of nico rosberg as a racing driver. his reaction to losing to lewis hamilton -- blaming the brit for slowing down and bunching him up as the attacking ferrari of sebastian vettel closed on him -- told us more about his own state of mind than it offered fair criticism of hamilton. rosberg was , i thought , disgruntled by his failure to match his team-mate during a run of eight wins in the last 10 races. nico rosberg -lrb- left -rrb- looks less than impressed after finishing second to mercedes team-mate lewis hamilton.
this is the surreal moment a dog takes the reins and literally drags his owner out for a walk. dashcam footage , shared by dailymotion.com user vidsking , shows a giant st. bernard running across a road somewhere in the czech republic with a child trailing behind. as the canine scampers along , his passenger holds tightly to a leash. two men watching the bizarre scene from their car are heard chuckling in the background. they 're forced to slow down to avoid hitting the animal and human train. according to the video time stamp , the incident took place on march 3 just past 5pm.
andy flower , england team director who guided sides to three ashes triumphs and the world no 1 spot , will not be interfering in any way with the work of the next director of england cricket. the england cricket board gave flower the confusing title of technical director of elite coaching after he renegotiated a new role at significantly lower pay after resigning as team boss following the last ashes whitewash. former england team director andy flower is now technical director of elite coaching at the ecb. but effectively flower is now running the england cricket academy at loughborough and working with young players in a coaching role , and liaising with counties.
a father-of-five has been stabbed to death at a wisconsin river following an argument with three other fishermen. peter kelly , a 34-year-old volunteer high school wrestling coach , was stabbed in the chest beside the st croix river at 9.45 pm on tuesday as he fished with a friend. the two men were on the minnesota side of the river when they heard three men being loud and rude on the wisconsin side and asked them to quieten down , authorities said. scroll down for video. loss : peter kelly , 34 , was stabbed in the chest after he and a friend asked a group of rowdy fishermen to be quiet at a river on tuesday.
christian migrants from africa have spoken of making the perilous journey across the mediterranean to escape beheading from islamic state fanatics in libya. a group of eritrean refugees told how they were forced to deny their faith or face death at the hands of islamist gunmen who patrol the towns and beaches of the north african state searching for ` infidels '. ' he and his brother samuel , 14 , arrived in sicily a week ago , just days before around 900 people died when their boat capsized during the same dangerous journey from libya - one of the worst maritime disasters since the end of world war two.
ocean photographer lloyd meudell started taking images of the sea with a gopro after being an avid surfer his entire life. ' ` when the tide is high , the water comes in and it breaks in front of cliffs , explodes into the air and creeps over the sand , ' mr meudell told daily mail australia. an ocean photographer has captured the unique and surreal moment ocean foam hits the sand. ` when the tide is high , the water comes in and it breaks in front of cliffs , explodes into the air and creeps over the sand , ' he said.
he is , evidently , one of the few players genuinely respected by newcastle 's disillusioned fans. taylor scored the winner at the stadium of light three seasons ago , affording him a terrace tribute -- ` ryan taylor , over the wall ' -- as well as a place in black-and-white folklore. but there is more to the toon army 's admiration than one free-kick against the enemy. a working-class scouser who came through the ranks at tranmere and made 100 appearances by the time he was 21 before beating three career-threatening injuries , taylor ` gets ' the proud principles of the north east -- appreciation , hard graft , honesty and enjoyment.
the mail is asking you to nominate mothers who have created businesses from scratch , while also caring for their children , for our first ever mumpreneur of the year award , in association with natwest everywoman awards. today 's nominee is petra wetzel , 40 , a divorcee who lives in glasgow with her son , noah , nine. he had heard about the huge popularity of petra 's bottled beer. but , as she consulted her diary , petra -- who runs one of britain 's most successful small breweries , knew what her answer had to be. she set up her own business , the west brewery , in 2006.
but that is n't enough to stop hundreds of child riders , some as young as seven , from taking the hot seat each year. among them is lance lara , 10 , from fort worth in texas , who has proved so successful that he was crowned world champion in his age group last year. bouncing around : a young bull rider takes on a bullock -lrb- steer -rrb- at a rodeo in fort worth , texas. but each time he gets on a bullock , a castrated male , he risks life and limb , and has already been trampled on several times.
a bookkeeper has been sacked after calling her boss ' a complete d *** ' in a text message - and then accidentally sending it to him. louise nesbitt was employed at perth mining exploration company dragon mountain gold. on january 12 last year , she mistakenly sent a text to her boss meant for her daughter 's boyfriend who was engaged as a contact plumber for the firm. a perth office bookkeeper was fired from her job after she called her boss ' a complete d *** ' in a text message. ' realising her mistake , she immediately texted her boss asking him to delete the message and ignore its contents.
mark wood spent a day this week donning his newly arrived england suit. ` trying it on is when the mixture of nerves and excitement started , ' says wood , one of the uncapped members of alastair cook 's squad who fly to the caribbean on thursday for a three-test series against west indies. mark wood has been called up by england for the test series against west indies. when he 's not steaming in to bowl at 90mph mark wood can find himself fielding for long stretches of time. ` i do n't know how the england boys will take it , but i 'll have a go.
when destiny 's child reunited at the stellar gospel awards in las vegas last weekend , it was the first time beyoncé , kelly rowland and michelle williams performed together since appearing during the halftime show at super bowl in 2013 in new orleans. beyoncé and kelly joined michelle to surprise the crowd , and opened the broadcast with a gospel medley that included the song ` alpha & omega ' and the hit single ` say yes ' from michelle 's ` journey to freedom ' cd. scroll down for video. nameless : singers michelle williams , kelly rowland and beyonce performing `` say yes '' during the 30th annual stellar awards in las vegas last week.
modern technology is supposed to be making our lives easier , but often all it does is create more pitfalls. 21st century additions like a facebook page , an instagram profile and a smart phone often end up doing more damage to a budding relationship than good. smart phones and social media often cause nightmare for men and women on dates -lrb- picture posed by models -rrb-. on a date in the 1990s , the biggest fails a person could be responsible for were a lack of conversation , food in the teeth or a man asking the woman to split the bill.
a year since the death of former barcelona coach tito vilanova , his memory lives on at the club where he played an integral part in the most successful era in its history. vilanova died aged 45 on april 25 last year after a long battle against parotid gland cancer that cut short the life of a coach in his prime. it is one year since tito vilanova , the beloved barcelona coach , died aged 45 after a long battle with cancer. vilanova 's memory lives on at the club where he played an integral part in its most successful era.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- the lawyer for robert bates , an oklahoma reserve deputy who fatally shot a man he meant to subdue with a taser , on saturday released documents that he says verify some of bates ' training as a law enforcement officer. the documents show bates had one taser training class over a six-and-a-half-year period , took three firearms training classes and qualified 10 times , from 2009 to 2014 , to use a handgun. `` robert bates has met all the requisite training required by oklahoma to be a reserve deputy , '' said the lawyer , scott wood , in an interview with cnn.
a leather boot , white with mould , lay half-buried at my feet. nearby i glanced down on a harness smothered in lichen lying beside the skull of a mule , while strewn all around me were the remains of rusty cans and oil drums. high above on the hilltop stood simple headstones and derelict wooden crosses marking unnamed graves. the infamous chilkoot trail in british columbia , used by thousands of men during the klondike gold rush. keith wolfe smarch , a first nation master-carver , had abandoned work on a totem pole to guide me along the infamous chilkoot trail , where hundreds of men and thousands of pack animals lost their lives as they headed to canada 's frozen wastes during the klondike gold rush.
it was so quiet that afternoon -- 70 years ago , on thursday , april 12 , 1945 -- the city editor and assistant city editor had felt comfortable leaving their desks. at 4:50 , the old-fashioned upright `` candlestick '' telephone on his desk rang -- the direct line the associated press used to alert editors to major news events. until dodge jumped up so quickly , his swivel chair crashed into the glass-fronted bookcase behind him -- a symphonic orchestra cymbals sound -- and ran to what was called the tube room , with its row of associated press teletype machines.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- the commissioner-general of the united nations relief and works agency will make an emergency visit to the yarmouk palestinian refugee camp in syria on saturday , a spokesman says. `` the visit is prompted by unrwa 's deepening concern for the safety and protection of 18,000 palestinians and syrian civilians , including 3,500 children , '' agency spokesman christopher gunness told cnn 's paula newton. `` yarmouk remains under the control of armed groups , and civilian life continues to be threatened by the effects of the conflict. '' krähenbühl will meet with senior syrian officials , u.n. and relief agency staff members , and displaced people from the camp itself.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- protests are gaining steam in baltimore after a man died from a devastating injury he allegedly suffered while in police custody. demonstrators have vowed they 'll keep taking to the streets until they get justice. to start , protesters say they 're looking for answers about what happened to freddie gray , and why. protesters rallied at baltimore city hall on thursday , and another march is planned for saturday. police say when gray saw police on april 12 , he started running. within minutes , they caught up with him and arrested him after finding a knife in his pocket.
london -lrb- cnn -rrb- if you 're hunting for the earliest galaxies and clues about potential life on other planets you are going to need a very big mirror and a golf ball of gold. they are both necessary for the construction of the james webb space telescope -lrb- jwst -rrb- , intended as the successor to the hubble instrument that has been operating in space for 25 years. hubble has returned spectacular images during the past quarter century but also helped scientists discover that almost every galaxy has a massive black hole at its heart and that the expansion of the universe is speeding up.
the five-year-old namesake grandson of famed college basketball coach jerry tarkanian has suffered a stroke , his family said. his parents said young jerry complained of pain in his legs and was taken to university medical center of southern nevada in las vegas at 4am on friday. five-year-old jerry tarkanian , pictured here with with his parents , amy -lrb- left -rrb- and danny -lrb- right -rrb- tarkanian , suffered a stroke at about 4am on friday and was taken to the hospital. the family said the boy has never had health issues and is conscious and moving around better since the stroke.
others , already wearing the scars of gruesome battle , flocked to old trafford for the fa cup final in their military uniforms and bandages. the presence of so many soldiers on the steep terraces led the 1915 showpiece to be christened the khaki cup final. on friday it will be 100 years since 50,000 gathered at the home of manchester united for the last football match to be played in england for four , long years. on friday it will be 100 years since 50,000 gathered at old trafford to contest a controversial fa cup final. many soldiers already wounded from war or in uniform for training earned the match its khaki cup final tag.
a conservative party candidate has defended photographs which show him trying to lick a female friend 's breasts saying they were taken on a night out with friends and show him being a normal , sociable person. liam marshall-ascough is standing to be an mp in stoke-on-trent central , which had a 5,500 labour majority in 2010 , and is a traditional labour stronghold. the candidate , who is gay , is pictured on the open profile of his facebook page appearing to lick a female friend 's breasts. but mr marshall-ascough has insisted the photos , taken seven years ago , just show him out having fun with close friends ` like a normal person ' and do not undermine his ability to do the job.
a pregnant meteorologist has called out the bullies who viciously attacked her appearance by reading their hateful messages on air - before admitting that their cruel words had taken their toll on her. kristi gordon , of british columbia 's news channel global bc , was joined by her fellow anchors robin stickley and squire barnes as they reflected upon the degrading comments the mom has received about her second pregnancy on an episode of the online-only news segment news hour plus - with her reading some of the message aloud. ' scroll down for video. taking a stand : pregnant tv meteorologist kristi gordon called out the online bullies who attacked her appearance during the online only segment news hour plus.
they may look like inventions straight out of a sci-fi film , but this collection of designs were very much real and developed in a top-secret british war lab more than 70 years ago. ministry of defence 1 , also known as ` churchill 's toyshop ' , was a weapons laboratory set up in 1939 by winston churchill - a firm believer in the importance of science and technology in warfare. scroll down for video. winston churcill is pictured gives his ` victory ' sign as , wearing his famed curchillian hat , he made a polling day tour of his constituency during the election in 1945.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- sometimes the best ideas come from the bathroom. the georgian chess grandmaster has been banned from the dubai open chess tournament after officials discovered he was darting to the toilet to consult his smartphone , which was logged onto a chess analysis app , the dubai chess and culture club said. `` the armenian noticed the georgian was oddly frequenting the toilet after each move during a crucial part of the game , '' the dubai chess and culture club said. but after looking into the bathroom stall he visited , they found the smartphone hidden in toilet paper.
ferme de montagne proprietors suzanne dixon-hudson and her architect husband henry suggested we meet there for cocktails as they were in the capital , pre-winter season , ` on business '. a waiter mixes things up at the cocktail bar at ferme de montagne in france. ' and , of course , a fit and happy team that spends a generous amount of time on the mountain will only benefit the clients of her boutique , chalet-style hotel where interaction with guests is integral to the ferme de montagne experience. les gets is well placed in the giant portes du soleil area , which has 400 miles of groomed pistes , linked by 14 ski stations across the french/swiss border.
fox news anchor chris wallace has issued an apology after ` fat shaming ' kelly clarkson in a radio interview , saying that he should have spoken of the singer 's ` remarkable talent ' , not her weight. within minutes , wallace 's response had sparked outrage online. now , the veteran news man has apologized for his ` offensive ' remarks - which he made on the nationally-syndicated mike gallagher show on friday - in a statement obtained by dailymail.com. scroll down for ` fat shaming ' interview. firestorm : fox news sunday anchor chris wallace -lrb- right -rrb- , 67 , faced wide-spread criticism after fat shaming kelly clarkson -lrb- left -rrb- on friday , saying the singer and new mom could ` stay off the deep dish pizza for a while ' dealing with it : the same day , kelly clarkson told chat show host ellen degeneres that she 's had to deal with criticism about her weight since she first hit the spotlighton the first season of american idol in 2002.
christian benteke has revealed a secret. despite what appeared cast-iron evidence to the contrary , he does not practise free-kicks. yet with seven minutes to go in a game aston villa dared not lose , he stepped forward , pushing aside team-mates , to curl his dead-ball opportunity over the queens park rangers wall and into the net. christian benteke bends a free-kick over the qpr wall to rescue a point for aston villa last week. benteke jumps for joy after sealing his hat-trick in the relegation battle with qpr at villa park. the belgium striker admitted he even surprised himself by finding the back of the net with the free kick.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- he 's a blue chip college basketball recruit. she 's a high school freshman with down syndrome. but all that changed thursday when trey asked ellie to be his prom date. trey -- a star on eastern high school 's basketball team in louisville , kentucky , who 's headed to play college ball next year at ball state -- was originally going to take his girlfriend to eastern 's prom. trey made the prom-posal -lrb- yes , that 's what they are calling invites to prom these days -rrb- in the gym during ellie 's p.e. class.
an army veteran who served in afghanistan has moved to africa in a bid to stop poaching. kinessa johnson from yelm , washington state , works for the veterans empowered to protect african wildlife -lrb- vepaw -rrb- , training park rangers to catch and detain the wildlife killers. the organisation was founded by an ex-marine and is made up of former soldiers who signed up post-9 / 11. she was also deployed for one tour of afghanistan. scroll down for video. kinessa johnson from yelm , washington state , works for the veterans empowered to protect african wildlife -lrb- vepaw -rrb- , training park rangers to catch and detain the wildlife killers.
the lingerie model and animal rights activist has been making waves online recently with her series of body-flaunting photos on instagram as she documents her first pregnancy -- prompting outcry from critics who claim that her incredibly trim and toned physique could be harming her unborn child. but despite the outpouring of concern from her followers , the 30-year-old los angeles resident has n't let it stop her from continuing to flaunt her physique online with a new snap , in which she swaps traditional maternity wear -- and her favorite lingerie - for a more figure-hugging and bust-flaunting frock. scroll down for video.
ex pop star : rev richard coles -lrb- pictured -rrb- rose to fame as half of the band the communards. when a high-profile vicar yesterday attacked the tory plans to sell housing association homes as a ` right to steal ' , it might have sounded like a stern ticking off from the pulpit. but this was the rev richard coles -- who sits on the board of wellingborough homes , a housing association in northamptonshire -- and he is no ordinary churchman. for coles raised eyebrows by last year publishing a frank memoir which detailed not only his rise to fame as half of the famously gay 1980s pop band the communards , alongside singer jimmy somerville , but also his enthusiasm for ` dogging ' -- having sex with strangers in the open air -- and for taking drugs including cocaine , ecstasy and amphetamines.
a filmmaker has revealed how he was pummeled with snow and ice for a minute and almost buried alive when the deadly avalanche hit mount everest on saturday. michael churton from new york , was with four colleagues at the base camp , 17,500 ft above sea level , when he was knocked down by the tsunami of snow. scroll down for video. michael churton from new york , was with four colleagues at the mount everest base camp , 17,500 ft up , when he was knocked down by the tsunami of snow. he was knocked back and suffered facial injuries.
former royal marine bobby burnett beat his girlfriend and banned her from wearing revealing clothes in a two-year-long campaign of terror. a controlling afghanistan veteran who beat his girlfriend and banned her from wearing revealing clothes has been jailed for a two-year-long campaign of terror. royal marine bobby burnett forced samantha chudley to stop wearing make-up because he wanted to make her less attractive to other men , and forced her to hand over the passwords of her e-mail and social media accounts so he could monitor them , exeter crown court heard. his violence and the stress of his controlling behaviour led her to have two miscarriages , one of which happened days after he punched her in the stomach when she was ten weeks pregnant , the court was told.
harold ekeh has a very tough decision to make. the 18-year-old long islander has waited anxiously for weeks since sending off his college applications. harold has been accepted by every single one - including all eight ivy league schools. he chose yale. scroll down for video. whiz kid : meet harold ekeh , the long island senior who has been accepted to every ivy league college. incredible achievement : harold , 18 , insists he had no idea he would be accepted by all 13 colleges. star : the high school senior moved from nigeria to long island 10 years ago with his parents roseline -lrb- pictured -rrb- and paul ekeh.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- all elizabeth sedway wanted was to leave paradise and head home. why ? because , according to her , she has cancer. that 's what she said in a video posted to facebook that shows her group packing up from their alaska airlines plane as it sat at the gate in hawaii. `` you 're taking me off the airplane because i do n't have a doctor 's note saying i can fly , '' a woman is heard saying. '' sedway did eventually get on a flight back to san jose , california , although she did n't get home until late tuesday night.
teenage aldi worker christian trousedale became an internet hit after a picture of him carrying a 95-year-old pensioner 's shopping home went viral. a teenage aldi worker says he is ` blown away ' by the public reaction after a picture of him carrying a 95-year-old pensioner 's shopping home went viral. christian trousedale , 18 , walked the elderly man to his front door , holding his hand as they made their way to his home in horwich , near bolton. the picture of mr trousedale and the pensioner has been ` liked ' a quarter of a million times and shared by 70,000 people.
easley , south carolina -lrb- cnn -rrb- the cracker or the bite of ice cream -- brynn duncan still is n't sure which one sent her into anaphylactic shock that day. her food allergies change so frequently , keeping track is almost pointless. '' her labradoodle , moose , starts alerting , licking her hands frantically. `` i 'll feel like i 'm being stabbed in the stomach , and then it gets hard to breathe and my throat and tongue start swelling. '' on that particular day in march , multiple epipens did n't slow the reaction. the paramedics who arrived to take brynn to greenville memorial hospital , or `` hotel greenville '' as she likes to call it , knew her well.
british world dressage champion charlotte dujardin won the grand prix at the world cup in las vegas. the 29-year-old , and her horse valegro , who won the world title in lyon last year , recorded a score of 85.414 percent to finish clear of dutchman edward gal with american steffen peters in third. her score was short of the 87.129 she recorded in breaking her own world record last year , but there was no wiping the smile off dujardin 's face. british world dressage champion charlotte dujardin won the grand prix at the world cup in las vegas. ` with a horse like valegro you could not ask for any more.
scientists believe life on earth began evolving around 3.8 billion years ago. now researchers in the us and italy say they have evidence that dna-like fragments may have come with ` instructions ' that guided their growth into complex life forms 4 billion years ago. scroll down for video. scientists believe life on earth began evolving around 3.8 billion years ago , but they are still far from knowing how it appeared. now researchers in the us and italy say they have evidence that dna-like fragments may have come with ` instructions ' that guided their growth into complex life forms 4 billion years ago.
the russian tennis federation has confirmed that maria sharapova will play for her country against germany in the fed cup semi-finals this month. world no 2 sharapova rarely plays fed cup , citing a busy schedule , but will be part of the russian team facing germany on april 18-19 in sochi. russia captain anastasia myskina , a former french open champion , has also picked svetlana kuznetsova , anastasia pavlyuchenkova and elena vesnina. maria sharapova has been confirmed to play for the russia team in the fed cup semi-finals next week. sharapova -lrb- left -rrb- shakes hands with dania gavrilova after losing at the miami open last month.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- the victory of a 72-year-old former general , muhammadu buhari , in the nigerian elections represents a moment of maturity in west african politics. swath. but the peaceful transition of power from president goodluck jonathan to president buhari is the first of its kind in history. and the fact that the winner ran on an anti-corruption platform suggests that ordinary nigerians have finally had enough of the venality of their elites. for too long , nigeria 's poor have been victims of their country 's enormous wealth. i visited nigeria in january and found a country under siege.
a waterfall gushing over the harbour bridge , a man surfing waves in front of the opera house and a crocodile stalking flood water inside a train station are just a few of the fake photos to emerge from the sydney storm. social media users were left scratching their heads over some of the manipulated snaps being shared during new south wales ' worst storm in a decade , including an image of a family-sized trampoline caught on power lines. a waterfall gushing over sydney 's iconic harbour bridge while two people watched on was just one photoshop photo to come out of new south wales ' worst storm in a decade.
vince cable prides himself on being the tories ' bogeyman in the coalition cabinet. just as david cameron and george osborne privately describe nick clegg as a ` closet conservative ' , they regard cable a closet labour politician. not surprising , since he once was a labour politician , albeit a councillor , in the 1970s. scroll down for video. vince cable wants a substantial role in government and envisages working with the conservatives again. similarly , some labour mps fantasise that if only boyish ed miliband could have persuaded uncle vince , with his provincial bank manager 's air and twinkly peacock blue eyes , to defect , labour would walk the general election.
tennis golden girl eugenie bouchard took her own advice to ` relax more ' by hanging out with a couple of well known girlfriends after crashing out of the miami open. the 21-year-old was reduced to tears after losing to world no 85 lesia tsurenko at indian wells before claiming she needed to chill out - although she suffered another early loss in key biscayne , going out to tatjana maria in the second round. eugenie bouchard -lrb- left -rrb- poses with sports illustrated model hannah davis in miami. davis smiles despite being given the run around on court by bouchard at the event in florida.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- erika langhart had a zest for life. after graduating from college she was working in washington and thinking about going to law school. in phoenix , karen langhart was looking forward to her daughter coming home for thanksgiving when she received a call from erika 's cell phone. in an interview with cnn , erika 's mom said she `` picked up the phone and answered it , ` hi schmoo , ca n't wait to see you ' -- schmoo-bear is our nickname for her -- and it was sean. '' with groceries in hand , erika 's boyfriend , sean coakley , had arrived at her apartment to make dinner and found erika collapsed on the floor.
richie benaud spent a lifetime in the sun and in his final years he ruefully admitted that he was paying the price for it with skin cancers on his forehead and the top of his head. the 84-year-old , who died on friday , talked about his cancer and the treatment he was undergoing with typical candour. ' the cricket commentary box legend talked about the radiation treatment he was receiving for his skin cancer. benaud , who had n't returned to his commentary job for the nine network following a car accident in october 2013 in which he suffered serious injuries , had looked increasingly frail and had lost weight.
the family rift tearing france 's national front apart plunged to new depths today when jean-marie le pen said his daughter marine ` may want me dead '. she was particularly angry that mr le pen , a convicted racist and anti-semite , called the nazi gas chambers ' a detail of history '. outage : jean-marie le pen angered his daughter when he said nazi gas chambers were ' a detail of history ' anger : the 87-year-old has now said his marine - the leader of the front nationale - ` may want him dead ' but , in response to suggestions he should step down from his position , mr le pen told rtl radio it was a ` crazy idea '.
andros townsend enjoyed silencing the critics with his wonder strike for england , saying naysayers like paul merson provided the perfect motivation for him in italy. three lions manager roy hodgson has , however , kept faith with the tottenham winger - belief he paid back in quite exceptional fashion at the juventus stadium. andros townsend scores england 's equaliser in their 1-1 friendly draw with italy in turin on tuesday night. townsend celebrates his strike with tottenham hotspur team-mates ryan mason -lrb- left -rrb- and kyle walker .
a crisp fan who gets through 42 bags in a week has discovered a skull-shaped deep-fried potato snack in one of his packets. barry selby , 54 , who lives with his dog in poole , dorset , was eating a bag of cheese and onion crisps when he made the bizarre discovery , which appears to be a profile of a human skull. scroll down for video. spooky find : barry selby was eating a bag of tesco cheese and onion crisps when he found the ` skull ' snack. i was just eating a bag of cheese and onion crisps from tesco and when i pulled it out it did take me back a bit.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- the tv season is winding down , and the finales are starting. 1. `` the americans , '' 10 p.m. et wednesday , fx. critics continue to praise `` the americans '' as one of the best series on tv , and every finale has delivered in a big way. season 3 has seen a battle for the soul of daughter paige , the return of fan favorite margo martindale and soviet agent nina getting back in the game. the finale is titled `` march 8 , 1983. '' that 's the date when president reagan called the soviet union an `` evil empire.
if manuel pellegrini leaves the barclays premier league at the end of this season -- and it is by no means certain -- then he will leave behind barely a trace. inside manchester city , the chilean has always provided a welcome contrast to the emotional stresses of life epitomised by his predecessor roberto mancini but -- on the field and across the landscape of english football -- pellegrini has made the shallowest of footprints. progress at the etihad stadium has in recent years been slight. at city , however , the fact is that the identity of the manager represents only a small part of the problem.
whether you 're simply day-dreaming about all of the places you need to see around the world or looking to book your next trip abroad , perusing instagram is a great place to find ideas. london 's julie falconer , for example , showcases the english capital in all of its glory , while adventure photographer joe greer has made a successful second career posting breathtaking landscapes of the pacific northwest. and that 's just the beginning , so go ahead and click the ` follow ' button ... actress shay mitchell stars on pretty little liars , but she also frequently destinations such as india and morocco for her charity work.
and one adorable little girl has mastered a brilliant impression of her pregnant mother. captured in a 15-second clip , the youngster emulates the way her pregnant mother walks - and the result is hilarious. the 15-month-old girl arches her back and pushes out her belly while strutting around the room. the youngster pulls a cheeky face while her father also mimics the mum 's pregnant walk in the background. the clip begins with mum , american teri o'neil , 30 , asking 15-month-old olivia : ` how does mama walk ? ' while filming at her home. suddenly the youngster appears from the side of the shot and with her back bent and tummy pushed forward she struts past.
and going by the sobriquet ` kid chocolate ' , you might expect peter quillin to have an appetite to match his ring alias. instead , the man who will stand in the opposite corner to limerick 's andy lee next weekend comes across as anything but the egotist. peter quillin -lrb- left -rrb- may be nicknamed ` kid chocolate ' but he shows none of the expected arrogance. at times , the 31-year-old 's verbal patter buzzes with a modesty and philosophical slant which often betrays the expectations of a hard-hitting middleweight , carrying a 71 per-cent knockout rate in his undefeated record.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- in a tragic echo of the catastrophic events in haiti in 2010 , a powerful earthquake struck one of the poorest nations on earth today. the latest estimates from seismologists put the magnitude at 7.9 , which would actually makes it about 40 % larger than the 7.8 currently being reported. that 's less than half the size of the previous major event nearby in 1934 , which killed around 10,000 people. geophysicists have long monitored how fast the earth 's plates are moving , and we know that the entire subcontinent of india is being driven slowly but surely underneath nepal and tibet at a speed of around 1.8 inches per year.
the leader of france 's far-right has been named one of time magazine 's 100 most influential people alongside president barack obama , pope francis and kanye west. national front leader marine le pen , 46 , who took over from her father in 2011 , says it shows that her party 's brand of political change is getting attention on both sides of the atlantic. anti-immigrant honoured : the leader of right-wing national front , marine le pen , 46 , said being one of the time 100 , shows that her party 's brand of political change is getting attention on both sides of the atlantic.
a photo editor for a baltimore newspaper says he was beaten by police at a protest over the death of freddie gray. j.m. giordano , who works at the city paper , says baltimore police ` swarmed over ' him and hit him repeatedly. injured on the job : a photojournalist was allegedly beaten by police saturday night as he covered protests in baltimore , maryland. shoved to the ground : giordano says he was standing in front of a police line when they suddenly started marching and he could n't get out of the way fast enough. the 41-year-old photographer says the incident happened around 12.30 am when someone threw a rock at a police line and hit an officer 's shield.
ephedra foeminea -lrb- pictured -rrb- waits for the full moon to bloom and produces a sugary droplet to attract pollinating insects. called ephedra foeminea , the plant waits for the full moon to ` bloom ' and is the only plant species so far that 's known to behave in this way. at night , the non-flowering relative of conifers secretes tiny droplets of sugary fluid to attract pollinating insects. they ooze from the plant 's female organs where seeds are produced. when a nocturnal butterfly or insect lands on one of the tasty transparent orbs at night , the pollen it 's carrying is used to fertilise the seed.
a father has discovered that facebook photos of him and his seven-year-old daughter were used to set up a fake account and scam an austrian woman out of $ 4,000. she told him that someone using the name ` johnson michael lynn ' had created a fake facebook profile using photos of him and his daughter before befriending heinrich online. scroll down for video. shock : antonio valente , from dallas , texas , learned that his facebook photos were being used on a fake account - and ultimately scammed an austrian woman out of $ 4,000. after a few weeks of friendly conversations with heinrich , the man said he wanted to marry her and move to austria to be with her and his daughter , she told valente.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- larry johnson remembers the fear and feeling of helplessness from being on the skywest airlines flight that made an emergency landing in buffalo , new york. '' johnson was flying with his brother , his girlfriend and his 8-month-old son when he says a flight attendant came over the speaker asking for someone who was medically trained to help with a sick passenger. minutes later , johnson says , the attendant announced there was a pressurization problem and told passengers to prepare for the emergency landing. `` you 're going to feel dizzy and woozy and lightheaded , and you 're not going to be able to breathe , '' johnson recalled the flight attendant saying.
in lederhosen and knee-high socks , adolf hitler lounges against a tree in a pose more twit than tyrant. but the rare archive photo , and several other portraits as comical as they are chilling , have been discovered in a hitler ` fan magazine ' from the thirties. in lederhosen and knee-high socks , adolf hitler lounges against a tree. a snap of him relaxing in a deckchair in a meadow is proof , were it needed , that in those days leaders did not have expert public relations advisers close at hand. the theatrical wartime leader 's personal photographer heinrich hoffmann took many of the black and white photos for hitler 's own use.
the cheyenne mountain complex is one of the icons of the cold war - a self-contained and sufficient town buried under the rockies meant to be impervious to a soviet nuclear barrage. it was home to the north american aerospace command -lrb- norad -rrb- , scanning the skies for russian missiles and the military command and control center of the united states in the event of world war three. scroll down for video. secret : the cheyenne mountain complex in colorado was built for norad to direct the american response to a nuclear war with the ussr during the cold war.
tim sherwood wants to wipe any smile from raheem sterling 's face by causing an fa cup shock at wembley on sunday. footage this week emerged showing the liverpool forward inhaling nitrous oxide , a legal high commonly known as laughing gas because it creates feelings of euphoria. ' aston villa boss tim sherwood is hoping they can cause a fa cup semi-final shock vs liverpool on sunday. raheem sterling -lrb- right -rrb- was pictured smoking a shisha pipe with team-mate jordon ibe earlier this season. the aston villa manager knows his ambitions to beat liverpool and reach the fa cup final may rest on taming sterling , a player he tried to sign for tottenham hotpur 's academy as a schoolboy.
` what you on about ? ' alongside wrighty , steve mcmanaman also defended his honour. all of this because jake humphrey teasingly suggested to harry redknapp he was in ` hostile territory ' as bt sport brought us the lunchtime game from the emirates between arsenal and liverpool. not since his aching knees took him away from the touchline have we seen harry pitch side at a premier league ground. well , that break seemed to have done him the power of good as the former tottenham gaffer chuckled at jake 's notion. ` not easy ' , he smiled.
bradley neil admitted he needed to give himself a ` kick up the arse ' after missing the cut on his masters debut at augusta national. the 19-year-old scot carded rounds of 78 and 79 to finish 13 over par , although he did at least sign off in style with a birdie on the 18th. i just need to keep working harder. amateur champion bradley neil missed the cut on his debut at the masters. the scot admitted he needed to ` give himself a kick up the a *** ' after struggling on the professional tour. ' neil still harboured hopes of making the cut after his first round , but carded four bogeys , a double bogey and one birdie to cover the front nine in 41 , before coming home in 38.
adrian peterson is back in the national football league. it was announced today that starting friday , peterson would be able to participate in all scheduled activities with the minnesota vikings. scroll down for video. the nfl has reinstated adrian peterson -lrb- above -rrb- , allowing him to participate in league activities starting on friday. the nfl said in a release ; ` in a letter from commissioner roger goodell , peterson was informed that he is expected to fulfill his remaining obligations to the authorities in minnesota and texas , as well as the additional commitments peterson made during his april 7 meeting with the commissioner regarding maintaining an ongoing program of counseling and treatment as recommended by medical advisors.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- every day , images of war and conflict are splashed across our desktops , plastered on our tv screens and scattered through our mobile news feeds. this concept of `` how we digest images of war through mainstream media outlets , '' was what drove photographer simon brann thorpe to begin his project `` toy soldiers. '' this idea to create a fresh perspective drove him into the desert of western sahara , a long-disputed region of northwestern africa. the soldiers are with the polisario front , an independence movement that has been clashing with morocco over the region since the mid-1970s.
yet even among the acres of exposed flesh , lame pieces , mesh maxi dresses , skintight patterned leggings and leotards , a few stars ' dubious style still managed to stand out. scroll down for video. another pair are trussed up in neon tutus and floral-adorned bras. neon swimming hats were among some of the colourful outfits on display at coachella this weekend. jaden smith , 16 , wore a floral-print tunic that seemed to resemble a tiered dress. will smith 's son jaden smith , 16 , was spotted in a floral-print tunic worn over , what looked like a wrap around skirt.
floyd mayweather vs manny pacquiao will be the biggest fight of all time financially and the most significant this century. where money man vs pacman comes to rank among the most important fights in ring history will depend upon what happens that coming night in the mgm grand garden arena. here are my 12 most significant fights in boxing 's history. the fight for race. jim jeffries came out of a six-year retirement to take on jack johnson , the first black heavyweight champion. jack johnson , as the first black world heavyweight champion , was the bane of the white supremacists in america in the early 1900s.
in a beautiful new campaign for vans and & other stories , the woman dubbed the ` world 's oldest supermodel ' has put her younger counterparts to shame. looking radiant , daphne selfe , 86 , shows off the collaboration between the footwear super-brand and the ethereal high street store with uncompromising grace. ' 86-year-old daphne selfe has starred in the campaign for vans and & other stories alongside flo dunn , 22. the images show the new footwear which sees stories make a twist on the classic vans slip on. the shoes are then worn with pieces from the brands ss2015 collection.
a 115-year-old detroit-area woman now listed as the world 's oldest living person still makes plans for a fishing trip each year and credits god for her longevity. gertrude weaver , a 116-year-old arkansas woman who was the oldest documented person for a total of six days , died on monday. talley was born may 23 , 1899. scroll down for video. the world 's new oldest person : jeralean talley was born on may 23 , 1899 , and credits her long life to her faith. celebrations : jeralean talley attends church as she celebrates her 114th birthday , making her the oldest living person in america , in inkster , michigan may 26 , 2013.
dubai -lrb- cnn -rrb- it 's with some trepidation that i set off for the al marmoum camel race in dubai. as the only gulf national in the cnn team , i am expected to be familiar with camel racing , an ancient tradition in the region. but despite my attempts to dress in a kandora , a uae national dress , my modern outlook on life means i am a total outsider in this world. the camel owners are sitting on the floor , eating the a ` aish , a traditional arabic dish of fish and rice , laid out in front of them.
in protest at their ` horrible ' school meals , high school students in north east china 's jilin province are being forced to the sidewalk everyday to eat their lunch. with teachers banning packed lunches and erecting barbed wire and metal sheeting to prevent smuggling , the students ' only option is to leave school grounds to eat everyday , the people 's daily online reports. a group of students eat their lunch together at a local street vendor near the school premises. left , a group of students eat their lunch while sitting on the sidewalk. right , they make their way back to class after being forced to leave the school grounds to eat.
ed balls was left briefly stumped by a basic maths question today after he gave a speech in leeds. asked what seven times six equals , labour 's shadow chancellor looked down at his feet and laughed nervously before eventually answering correctly following a ten second pause. ' scroll down for video. ed balls was left briefly stumped by a basic maths question today after he gave a speech in leeds. he was asked to work out the multiplication at the q&a after he last month revealed that he still relies on his mother-in-law for help with maths. during an interview on good morning britain , labour 's shadow chancellor confessed he was relieved he had not been asked any maths questions live on tv.
the attorney for an arizona city where 19 firefighters died while battling a massive woodland blaze says he was told it was an order from the group 's supervisor led to their deaths in june 2013. prescott city attorney jon paladini claims the fire 's sole survivor , lookout brendan mcdonough , heard the leader of the granite mountain hotshots order the crew to leave a safe spot where the fire had already burned. fatal orders ? the yarnell hill fire killed 19 firefighters in 2013 , the worst disaster of its kind since 1933. new revelations now claim their deaths came after their supervisor gave orders for the crew to leave a safe zone.
bubba watson is used to wowing spectators with unorthodox golf shots on the course , but the two-time masters champion has proved he can go one step further in practice. working with his caddie in china , watson pulled off a baseball-style shot with a driver , striking the ball as it was dropped from a height. bubba watson showed off an incredible baseball style trick shot while practicing in china. watson 's shot seemed to fly down the middle , drawing quite a reaction from his caddie. watson struggled for form at the shenzhen international , finishing t-29 at the european tour event.
as a new parent , one of the most trying parts of caring for a baby is getting them to go to sleep. however , you may be able to wave goodbye tp sleepless nights thanks to one father who has come up with a trick that can get your little one to sleep in less than one minute. nathan dailo , from sydney , uploaded a video to his youtube channel demonstrating how he gets his three-month-old son seth to drift off in just 42 seconds. nathan uploaded the video , writing : ` i 'm sure every parent tries new things to put their little one to sleep.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- build a wall the length of the border with somalia. recruit and train up thousands of new security officers. but the blood of 147 people slaughtered and 79 more injured , when al-shabaab opened fire at a college campus in garissa on thursday , has them debating them with renewed vigor. many kenyans had believed that security improved enough since al-shabaab held nairobi 's westgate mall under siege for four days in september 2013 , resulting in the deaths of 67 people. two police officers were on duty. but the number of people killed in the attack is plaguing kenyans with self-doubt.
many people might think that trust issues , long distances and cheating scandals are the biggest strains on a relationship. a psychology expert has confirmed that shopping at or assembling furniture from the scandinavian store chain can be a serious source of friction between a couple , thanks to the high levels of stress caused by both activities. ` the store literally becomes a map of a relationship nightmare , ' ramani durvasula , a clinical psychologist in santa monica , california , told the wall street journal. scroll down for video. can your relationship handle it ? experts say that shopping at ikea can cause serious friction between couples - and assembling the store 's wares makes it even worse.
james whitaker 's brief reign as the ecb 's head of selectors looks set to end when the new director of cricket is announced. his position has looked untenable in any case since paul downton was axed as managing director of england cricket. one county displeased by the test squad that whitaker and his panel picked for the current tour of the west indies are yorkshire. the champions are furious that of their six players in the caribbean , four -- adam lyth , adil rashid , liam plunkett and jonny bairstow -- have been on the sidelines throughout the test series.
boston -lrb- cnn -rrb- after weeks of dramatic and emotionally wrenching testimony in the boston marathon bombing trial , jurors deliberated for more than seven hours tuesday. the jurors sent out two questions , which are scheduled to be addressed when they return to court wednesday morning. dzhokhar tsarnaev , the 21-year-old accused boston marathon bomber , faces life in prison or the death penalty. on monday , the jury saw a video of the moment a bomb exploded and disemboweled an 8-year-old boy and ripped the leg off his sister. the blast killed a 23-year-old graduate student from china. the jurors heard more horror from april 15 , 2013.
the then princess elizabeth was photographed in 1935 at westminster abbey in her smart bonnet and buttoned-up coat. eighty years on , the queen yesterday gave out maundy coins in the pre-easter tradition. resplendent in a turquoise coat by stewart parvin and matching hat , the queen was all smiles as she arrived at sheffield cathedral for the traditional ceremony. eighty years ago : the then princess elizabeth was pictured in westminster abbey at the service in 1935. handing out alms : the queen presents a lady with the two maundy purses at sheffield cathedral. joined by the duke of edinburgh , her majesty was there to present ` alms ' to 89 women and 89 men , among them d-day veteran , denis gratton.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- i remember the day i stopped praying. i was so angry at god. i was 27 at the time , and , like most young people i had stopped going to church. i called the nearest catholic church , looking for a priest. -rrb- i do n't remember how she responded , but the answer about my being able to see father was clearly no. i do n't know if all catholic churches would have shut me out , but i figured , at the time , it was part of the long list of rules the vatican required catholic leaders to follow.
really. twisted sister says that its 2016 tour will be its last , according to a press release. next year marks the band 's 40th anniversary , and to celebrate , the tour is being titled `` forty and f*ck it. '' `` it 's official : farewell , '' twisted sister singer dee snider posted on facebook. snider also noted that the band will play with a new drummer , mike portnoy of adrenaline mob. portnoy replaces a.j. pero , who died march 20. the band will also perform two shows in pero 's honor : one at las vegas ' hard rock hotel and casino , the other at the starland ballroom in sayreville , new jersey.
but now , evansville in comanche county , kansas , is a shadow of its former self , with its once-thriving commissary building in a state of disrepair. however , the ghost town is still home to two final residents , who tend to the site 's numerous cattle - rancher larry ` dee ' scherich and his wife , phyllis. the couple , who live in a house just north of the historic commissary building , do not have to worry about unexpected visitors , nor noisy neighbors. instead , they encounter only hired workers in the town , which previously housed the headquarters of the largest cattle ranch in kansas 's history.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- ursula ward kept repeating her son 's name -- odin. she was tired after more than two years of pain , punctuated wednesday when her son 's killer , aaron hernandez , was convicted of first degree murder and sentenced to life in prison. odin lloyd was her first born , her only son. `` odin was the backbone of the family. odin was the man of the house. odin was his sisters ' keeper , '' ward told judge susan garsh , before garsh sentenced the former pro-football player. lloyd was 27-years-old and working for a landscaping firm when he was killed in june 2013.
sharmeena : the teenager flew in secret to syria. the jihadi bride who persuaded three friends to follow her to syria was brought up in a strict muslim household which turned to islamic state apologists cage when she disappeared , it emerged yesterday. sharmeena begum , 15 , was raised by her uncle shamim miah , a devout muslim and former religious scholar. he blames the airport authorities , police and her school for letting sharmeena flee the country last december , flying from gatwick to turkey before crossing the border to syria. controversially , he has turned for advice to cage , the hardline human rights group whose leaders have said is executioner jihadi john is a ` beautiful young man '.
john isner reached the semifinals of the miami open after easily beating fourth-seeded kei nishikori of japan 6-4 , 6-3 on thursday. the 6-foot-10 , hard-serving isner is the first american man to make the semifinals in miami since 2011. he 'll next meet either world no. 1 novak djokovic or david ferrer on friday night. isner won the final eight points of the first set , breaking nishikori at love to end it. big serving john isner became the first american to reach the semi finals in miami since 2011. kei nishikori could not cope with isner 's power play in a straight sets 6-4 , 6-3 defeat.
two children have been killed in what police are calling an accidental vehicle fire at a las vegas apartment complex. investigators say four children were playing in and around a parked minivan saturday evening at the arcadia palms on east sahara avenue when one of them unintentionally set a fire inside. the other two children became trapped and were found dead inside after the fire was put out. two young children have died after a minivan they were playing in on the parking lot of the arcadia palms apartment complex in las vegas caught fire and exploded -lrb- police scene pictured -rrb-.
ten former atlanta public school educators , convicted earlier this month of racketeering in one of the largest u.s. test-cheating scandals , were told to consider plea deals or face significantly more time behind bars. fulton county judge jerry baxter urged the defendants during the sentencing hearing on monday to accept deals with the prosecution in the trial over a widespread conspiracy to cheat on state tests. he also threatened prison sentences for them if they fail to reach those deals. ' the sentencing will resume on tuesday. scroll down for video. fulton county superior court judge jerry baxter presides over the sentencing of 10 of the 11 defendants convicted of racketeering and other charges in the atlanta public schools test-cheating trial in court on monday.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- hillary clinton is finally announcing her candidacy for the 2016 presidential election. for democrats , there is ample reason to be excited about clinton 's run for the presidency. she is a hardened , tough partisan who will not shy away from republican attack. if hillary clinton puts together an effective campaign , she could be unbeatable in the democratic primaries as well as in the general election. clinton does n't want to end up like vice president al gore in 2000. although he did relatively well in the final election -lrb- with many americans believing that he did actually defeat george w. bush -rrb- he did n't generate much energy once the campaign started.
dramatic footage has emerged of two separate houses being swept away by floodwater as wild weather wreaks havoc along the coast of new south wales. one house was filmed as it was carried along a street in dungog , in the hunter valley , north of sydney. a dungog resident filmed the half-submerged property drifting down the main drag as floodwater laps at its sides on his smartphone. scroll down for video. a house in dungog in nsw 's hunter valley is seen washing away and was captured on a smartphone. footage shows the house floating dangerously close to street power lines and almost taking them down with it.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- it took prosecutors months to present 131 witnesses to support their claim that former nfl star aaron hernandez killed semi-pro player odin lloyd. on monday , hernandez 's defense gave its side of the story , wrapping up its witnesses in less than a day. hernandez , 25 , is on trial for the shooting death of lloyd , whose body was found in a massachusetts industrial park in june 2013. much of the evidence in the former new england patriots ' case is circumstantial. here are some key points jurors will have to consider after each side makes closing arguments on tuesday :.
researchers have isolated bacterial dna of several strains of the disease from the bodies of mummies found in the crypt of a church in the city of vác in hungary. they found 14 different strains of tb bacteria that had infected eight of the bodies in the tomb and traced them all back to a single source. mummified remains of 28-year-old terézia hausmann -lrb- above -rrb- found in the 18th century crypt of the dominican church in vác , hungary , were among those found to have been infected with tuberculosis by the researchers. they say the strains of tb they found all evolved from a single germ that had began infecting people during the late roman period.
backache is striking us younger than ever -- with almost half of the under-30s saying they are battling constant pain. experts blame increasingly sedentary lifestyles and an obsession with mobile phones for a sharp rise in the number of young people with back and neck problems. and they warn that children as young as 12 are seeking treatment. some 45 per cent of the under-30s surveyed for the british chiropractic association said they had a painful back or neck -- up from 28 per cent last year. across all age groups , 86 per cent said it was a problem -- compared with 77 per cent last year.
forget helicopters and bmws , could the ultimate symbol of wealth be clothes made from gold ? on a catwalk show which took place in xi'an , the capital city of north-western china 's shaanxi province , models strutted their stuff in items made from the precious metal. including underwear and a chain-mail style shirt which it has been revealed would be worth around # 40,000. on a catwalk in xi'an in china models strutted their stuff in gold underwear , it is thought the look is influenced by royal women in history. the shirt alone worn by the male model weighed in at 7lbs and the matching bra and underwear for the female model also came in at 7lbs.
washington -lrb- cnn -rrb- until recently , if you sat in church on sunday mornings , pollsters could predict where you stood on same-sex marriage. in 2003 , when the massachusetts supreme court became the country 's first to legalize same-sex marriage , less than 30 % of religiously affiliated americans supported gays ' and lesbians ' right to wed.. by 2014 , that number had climbed to 47 % , according to a survey conducted by the public religion research institute. that 's more than the 45 % who said they opposed same-sex nuptials. the margin is small but statistically significant , said robert p. jones , ceo of prri , because of the exceptionally large pool of respondents : 40,000 adult americans.
the ringling bros.. center for elephant conservation sits on 200 acres of land in rural central florida , halfway between orlando and sarasota , off a nondescript country road. an armed security guard greets you at the entrance. `` these elephants , they have these large feet and they travel silently through the fields. '' twenty-nine elephants currently live here , and 13 more will join the group by 2018 , after ringling bros. decided this year to stop using elephants in its traveling circus. `` this was a decision that our family had discussed for quite some time , '' said feld , chairman and ceo of feld entertainment , the company that owns ringling bros. and barnum & bailey.
more than 30,000 cases of the country 's most popular hummus dip are being recalled after sabra , the manufacturer , said they could be contaminated with listeria. the company said the total number of containers in the recall comes to ` approximately 30,000. ' only five batches of hummus are being recalled - and only the company 's classic hummus. ` this measure is limited to five skus of classic hummus sold nationwide , ' sabra dipping co. said in a release. ' scroll down to see the batches of hummus being recalled. listeria concerns have led to thousands of classic hummus containers being part of a voluntary recall , sabra dipping co. said monday.
a man who lost his iphone ended up finding it on the other side of the world and striking up a friendship with its new ` owner. mr stopera said he asked himself , ` who is this man , and why are his pictures showing up in my phone ? ' instant connection : months after stopera lost his iphone in new york city. it ended up in the ends of li hongjun in southeastern china. lost in the cloud : li 's pictures began showing up in matt 's icloud and photostream. the orange man : li was actually standing in front of kumquat trees - not oranges - but the nickname ` brother orange ' stuck.
victoria beckham might be one of the world 's most successful fashion designers , but she still ca n't seem to pip her husband at the style stakes. a new poll of the most fashionable brits puts david at number three , with victoria trailing behind at number nine. movie great audrey hepburn beat stiff competition from members of the royal family and the beckhams to be voted the most stylish brit of all time , according to the poll. david beckham and his wife victoria both. victoria beckham strapless dress. visit site. victoria beckham as always , looking sleek and sophisticated wearing one of her own designs to the vanity fair oscar party in february 2014.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- be afraid -- be very afraid. because the leader of the free world refuses to look with clear eyes at the chief security challenges of the 21st century : the fruits of radical islam. the results of the obama white house 's innovative efforts to make the world a better place can be accounted for in the ever-growing numbers of victims of radical islam in the middle east , north africa and south asia. is it not a tragic irony that the arab spring-era policies of a nobel peace prize recipient accommodated the transition of syria into the world 's newest jihad theater while leaving libya a failed state and yemen a failing state ? the syrian jihad gave rise to the islamic state in iraq and syria , which now uses syria as a rear operating base to support its jihad in iraq , which could soon spill over into jordan.
a utah man is thankful he is alive after he claims a delta airlines plane flew over his home when a large chunk of ice dropped from the aircraft shattering his car 's windshield. todd larson , 55 , told daily mail online he had parked his collectible dodge challenger worth $ 30,000 in the driveway of his taylorsville home on march 25 when moments later an ice chunk crashed onto his car at 1.53 am. ' todd larson said a chunk of ice fell from a plan smashing through the windshield of his dodge challenger parked at his taylorsville , utah home -lrb- above his damaged dodge challenger -rrb-.
a woman mocked after she purchased a camera that allowed her to watch her cats from work is getting the last laugh. on monday afternoon , the new york city woman , who is not being named , watched in terror as a man crawled through a window and proceeded to steal her laptop , digital camera and some jewelry from her apartment , getting out with the goods in just minutes. a new york city woman caught a man robbing her apartment after he was captured on her cat camera. the woman is now thrilled she purchased the device and has handed the video over to police.
loretta lynch was sworn in monday as the 83rd u.s. attorney general , becoming the first african-american woman to serve as the nation 's top law enforcement official. she said her confirmation as attorney general showed that ` we can do anything ' and pledged to deal with cyberattacks and other threats facing the country. scroll down for video. vice president joe biden , accompanied by loretta lynch 's father lorenzo lynch , second from left , and her husband stephen hargrove , second from right , administered the oath of office on monday. ` we can restore trust and faith both in our laws and those who enforce them , ' lynch said , apparently referring to race-riot clashes between protesters and police.
andy lee is confident he has improved even further since winning his world title last year. the irishman makes the first defence of his wbo middleweight belt against peter quillin in new york on saturday. and he is confident he is ready for anything the former champion has in his locker. andy lee works out with trainer adam booth at the barclays centre ahead of his fight against peter quillin. lee is making the first defence of the wbo middleweight title he won against matt korobov last year. ` i 'm very proud to be an irishman from limerick defending his world championship in new york , it does n't get much better than that.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- too little , too late. that 's the mayor 's response to an artist 's apology and offer to cover the cost of fixing the `` scary lucy '' statue that has put the new york town of celoron in the spotlight this week. '' the sculpture , a gift to the town from its original owners , has been on display since 2009. artist dave poulin has `` had plenty of opportunity to step forward , and our last conversation he wanted $ 8,000 to $ 10,000 , '' celoron mayor scott schrecengost said. '' after the story of the statue caught fire online this weekend , poulin publicly apologized monday for his `` most unsettling sculpture '' in a letter to the hollywood reporter.
green party activists have been told to dress in ` mainstream ' fashion while knocking on doors in a bid to win over sceptical voters. the advice , which has been distributed among green campaigners in london , also provides stock answers to ease voters ' concerns about their radical plans to dismantle the army , legalise drugs and pay everybody # 72 a week no matter how rich they are. scroll down for video. a green campaigning manual urges activists to dress in ` mainstream ' fashion - unlike the campaigners pictured with the party 's only mp caroline lucas at a fracking protest at balcombe , west sussex -lrb- above -rrb-.
the top of the championship with five games to go. after another barmy day in the championship we are still no closer to finding out which three clubs will be promoted to the premier league. eight sides still have a chance of claiming one of the two automatic promotion places , even with just five games left to play of the regular season. regardless of who goes up though , there have been some stellar individual performances this season that will no doubt have attracted top flight attention. here are eight players - one each from bournemouth , norwich , watford , middlesbrough , derby , wolves , brentford and ipswich - that could well be playing in the top flight next season regardless of whether their club goes up or not.
state education minister adrian piccoli has called the scot 's college university shortcut ` unfair , ' after it was released that school students could buy their way into university without completing their hsc. tuition , sporting and curricula fees for scot 's college , one of sydney 's most prestigious schools , reportedly top $ 30,000. the university of sydney have been running a 17-week diploma for year 11 students at scot 's college to skip their year 12 exams and ` buy ' their entry into the sandstone university. ` any scheme that gives some students an unfair advantage is unacceptable and i will be discussing this with the federal government , which is responsible for universities.
the heartbroken mother of becky watts has spoken of her fear of coming face-to-face with anje galsworthy - whose son is accused of the teenager 's murder. tania watts is likely to see her at becky 's funeral , as ms galsworthy was also stepmother to the 16-year-old. ' murdered : the body parts of becky watts , 16 , were found at house in bristol on march 2 and police charged her stepbrother , nathan matthews , 28 , with murder. dreading meeting : becky 's heartbroken mother tani watts said she fears coming face-to-face with anjie galsworthy , -lrb- pictured with becky 's father darren -rrb- whose son is accused of the teenager 's murder.
ricky gervais has led an online charge against ` trophy hunters ' after posting a picture of an extreme huntress winner lying next to a dead giraffe and smiling. the comedian was outraged when he came across the picture of american grandmother-of-nine rebecca francis , who won the reality tv show extreme huntress in 2010. trophy : ricky gervais posted this picture of extreme huntress winner rebecca francis on his twitter feed. disgust : the animal-lover sent it out with this message - which got retweeted thousands of times. proud : francis , a grandmother-of-nine , is passionate about hunting - and regularly posts pictures of her kills.
real madrid have n't got going tonight -lrb- i was about to write a post about how barcelona were 5-0 up at this point -rrb- but james rodriguez produces a bit of individual magic to opening the scoring. the ball bounces up to the colombian who unleashes a stunning left-footed volley , dipping over the goalkeeper and into the top corner at some speed. their work rate has been exceptional while they are passing and moving , not exactly looking like a side who are sitting just above the relegation zone. they have completed 184 passes so far today , which is a decent stat given it 's not even half time yet.
loren mathieson filmed her pet boston terrier , gizmo , performing the gravity-defying stunt one day at home after he tried on a set of new booties. footage shows him taking a few steps forwards before planting down his front feet and launching his back legs vertically in the air. he then proceeds to walk forwards , performing some graceful sidesteps as he goes. mathieson can be heard laughing while she watches gizmo in action. when he reaches her on the floor , he eventually steps back down to four paws. mathieson said gizmo performed the trick because he was unsure how to walk in his new black boots.
a 10-year-old autistic boy has hand-delivered a heartbreaking poster to the immigration minister pleading to be allowed to stay in the country he has called home for the past eight years. the touching words were written by tyrone sevilla and delivered to peter dutton 's office in brisbane on monday , along with a petition containing 122,000 signatures. tyrone. ' maria sevilla and her young son 's desperate last-ditch attempt to remain in the country comes as they face the very real possibility of being deported back to the philippines after their visa expires today. this comes after the immigration department rejected the single mother 's visa application 28 days ago because tyrone 's autism would be a ` burden on the australian health system '.
former young divas singer kate dearaugo has made the shock revelation she turned to drugs and took anything she could get her hands on to mask her crippling depression after gaining considerable weight. speaking on kiis 106.5 's the kyle and jackie o show on friday , the australian idol winner spoke out about her battle with mental health , and the surgery she had to help her lose a staggering 68kg. at her heaviest , the now 29-year-old weighed 127.5 kgs. scroll down for video. she said that it was after her stint on young divas that she began to spiral out of control , eating herself ` into a mess '.
since parting ways with prince harry and the royal family last year , it appears that actress cressida bonas has done anything but sit around and mope. on the contrary , the invitations have flooded in. she 's bagged herself a modelling contract with mulberry , starred in a west end stage play and is now destined to act alongside dame judi dench. it seems she definitely does n't regret turning down the crown ? scroll down for video. cressida dated prince harry for two years , after being introduced to him in 2012 by princess eugenie. the pair split last april , despite rumours that they had secretly got engaged and planned to marry.
lewis hamilton has told nico rosberg he will do his talking ` on the track ' as the two title contenders prepare to renew their rivalry in the desert. the mercedes men left shanghai after the chinese grand prix arguing over the rights and wrongs of how they raced. but hamilton , speaking ahead of sunday 's race in bahrain , adopted an air of cool disdain for any psychological battles. ' i just do my talking on the track. ' mercedes star lewis hamilton insists that he will do his talking ` on the track ' ahead of the race in bahrain.
ahead of this weekend 's premier league action , sportsmail will be providing you with all you need to know about every fixture , with team news , provisional squads , betting odds and opta stats. here is all the information you need for qpr 's home clash with chelsea ... queens park rangers vs chelsea -lrb- loftus road -rrb-. qpr. qpr will not welcome back any of their injured players in time to face west london rivals chelsea on sunday. defender richard dunne -lrb- knee -rrb- is close to a return but will not be considered with fellow centre-back rio ferdinand also absent for the barclays premier league match with an unspecified knock.
children who share ipads in class do much better in early literacy tests than those who do n't , researchers claim. however , research into the effects of the devices on literacy levels suggests the best outcome comes from youngsters sharing devices. children who share ipads in class do much better in early literacy tests than those who do n't , researchers claim -lrb- stock image above -rrb-. courtney blackwell , at northwestern university in the us , found that , in tests , kindergarten children who shared ipads in classes over an academic year significantly outscored their peers who were in classes that had no ipads or in which each student had their own device.
when hillary clinton steps off her road-trip van on tuesday at a rural iowa community college , she might not be greeted by cheering throngs. daily mail online spoke to students at kirkwood community college 's regional center in jones county , where the former secretary of state will hold her first low-key campaign event. the outlook is n't sunny for the kickoff of her ` listening tour ' : of the ten students interviewed in the school 's public lounge , only two would speak kindly of mrs. clinton. corey jones said he suspects that hillary clinton and barack obama want immigration reform because it would result in a new generation of grateful democratic voters -- and he plans to ask her about it on tuesday.
a dozen or more metal implements are arranged in neat rows on the table next to the bed. i begin to feel nervous. i 'm here to try the wackiest face treatment to hit the beauty scene : the tuning fork facial. offered at the upmarket hale clinic in london and other clinics nationwide , the scary sounding tuning forks are pieces of metal that make different pitched sounds when struck and made to vibrate. when they are placed on specific parts of the face - the neck , the jowls , forehead and around the eyes - vibrations are said to tighten sagging skin , eradicate dark circles , lessen the appearance of wrinkles and stimulate collagen.
a passenger waiting to board a plane in an airport terminal has been hospitalised with deep cuts on his leg and buttocks after he broke a toilet he was squatting on. passenger jin pai , 35 , was standing on the rim of a toilet in hefei xinqiao international airport in the city of hefei , the capital city of eastern china 's anhui province , when it smashed to the ground. passenger jin pai , 35 , was standing on the rim of a toilet when it collapsed , leaving him hospitalised. the smashed up toilet in hefei xinqiao international airport in the city of hefei.
a young boy enjoyed a rare opportunity to interact with a brown bear when he was befriended by one at a zoo. wandering over to the protective glass , the youngster named gabriel is captured on camera standing next to the bear , which sits partially submerged in the water in a north american zoo. ' the dad then states : ` wow , that 's cool , ' as the bear , which is believed to be called cheyenne , sits calmly next to the youngster , as if enjoying his company from the other side of the partition. the father then instructs his son to put his hand up against the glass and as he does so the bear moves towards him with its nose rubbing against the glass.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- it did n't seem like a fair fight. on one side were hulking football players and pro wrestlers , competing as teams of two to eat as many pounds of steak as they could , combined , in one hour. and sure enough , in the end , sunday 's contest at big texan steak ranch in amarillo , texas , was n't even close. molly schuyler scarfed down three 72-ounce steaks , three baked potatoes , three side salads , three rolls and three shrimp cocktails -- far outpacing her heftier rivals. that 's more than 13 pounds of steak , not counting the sides.
another day , another baton change , another away defeat for middlesbrough. aitor karanka would surely have made his defenders walk home from watford were it not for the probability they 'd spend most of the journey travelling in circles. what a cruel time to deliver one of their worst performances of a brilliant season. odion ighalo 's shot flies into the top corner of dimi konstantopoulos ' net on 65 minutes. watford -lrb- 3-5-2 -rrb- : gomes ; cathcart -lrb- connolly 60 -rrb- , angella , hoban ; paredes , guedioura -lrb- layun 90 -rrb- , watson , tozser , anya ; deeney , ighalo -lrb- vydra 69 -rrb-.
a game of thrones ` super-fan ' had a fully functional toilet built for him that 's an almost-identical replica of the iron throne that features in the hit tv show. while the throne on the show was forged from 200 swords melted by dragon breath at the order of aegon the conqueror , the first of the targaryen kings , the loo version was made using plywood by a team of top hollywood prop makers for youtube show super fan builds. scroll down for video. a loo version of the iron throne was built by a team of hollywood prop makers.
remember chip 'n' dale 's bizarre high-pitched babbles ? well now there 's a cat with vocal abilities to match disney 's famed chipmunks. youtube user serpentor filmed his feline friend in action. footage shows the tabby producing a range of unusual gurgling noises as she is petted. her owners are heard laughing in the background as they watch her in action. in between her vocal outbursts , the cat manically licks her furry body. many viewers have applauded the animal 's skills with one fan deeming her ` characterful '. vocal session : youtube user serpentor filmed his feline friend in action - footage shows the tabby producing bizarre gurgling noises as she is petted.
-lrb- the hollywood reporter -rrb- ben powers , who played thelma 's -lrb- bernnadette stanis -rrb- husband keith anderson on the final season of the classic cbs sitcom `` good times , '' has died. powers died april 6 in new bedford , mass. , his family announced. no cause of death was revealed. powers joined the cast of `` good times '' for its sixth and final season from 1978 to 1979 season , playing keith , a professional football player. powers also had a regular role as `` moochie '' on the cbs detective drama show , mickey spillane 's mike hammer , from 1984 to 1985.
caught up with physical formats like cds as a money stream for. tuesday. it came , however , as overall global sales of $ 14.97 billion. the report also named the year 's top-selling album - the ` frozen ' soundtrack , which sold 10 million copies , while pharrell williams ' ` happy ' was the top single , selling 13.9 million copies. taylor swift famously removed her music from spotify. digital formats have now caught up with physical sales of music for the first time. piracy and free internet sites remain a huge problem for anindustry still reeling from the impact of turning music intodigital form , which encouraged copying , bootlegs and free musicsites , and led to a collapse in sales from $ 40 billion in 1999.
marietta , georgia -lrb- cnn -rrb- the little-known star of this week 's no. 1 car chase movie , `` furious 7 '' is n't a car. film producers hired a lockheed c-130 hercules to fly five cars 12,000 feet high , open a cargo door at the rear of the plane and parachute them out in a spectacular free-fall stunt. geronimo ! happy 60th birthday to the hercules -- the oldest continuously produced family of military planes in history. lockheed has been making these airplanes longer than the legendary b-52 bomber and the famous u2 spy jet. unlike those planes , the c-130 has never become a household name.
a group of daring drift trike riders have captured some amaznig footage as they zipped down the world 's steepest residential road on tricycles. harley jolly , tyson barr and nic roy -- known collectively as slide christchurch -- videoed themselves descending new zealand 's dunedin 's baldwin street on three-wheeled vehicles known as ` slide trikes '. harley jolly , tyson barr and nic roy videoed themselves descending dunedin 's baldwin street on their trikes. drifting from left to right , the lead rider records his journey to the bottom , before the camera angle switches to that of a spectator , who picks up all three men.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- on may 28 , 2014 , some 7,000 people gathered in a stadium in china 's northwestern xinjiang region. instead , the authorities paraded scores of prisoners dressed in orange jumpsuits. armed soldiers guarded the exits. in the patently unfair , open air trial that followed , 55 people were found guilty of a range of offenses linked to violent attacks in the region and jailed. three were sentenced to death. the public mass sentencing was part a china 's `` strike hard '' campaign against unrest in xinjiang , a campaign the government claims was launched to combat `` terrorism '' and `` separatism.
following raheem sterling 's interview on wednesday , in which he said he was not ready to sign a new contract at liverpool , blogger david tyrer of live4liverpool gives the view from merseyside. while i hate to use social media as a gauge of opinions , raheem sterling 's interview did n't go down well at all. it was ill-timed and , regardless of what sterling and his agent hoped , he did n't come across very well. the interview has almost certainly changed the way the fans feel about him. obviously , with the caveat that we get our money 's worth ! raheem sterling returns to liverpool training after the international break and shakes hands with manager brendan rodgers.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- two cnn heroes are among the earthquake survivors in kathmandu , nepal. anuradha koirala , who rescues victims of sex trafficking , has a rehabilitation center in kathmandu that is home to 425 young women and girls. while her primary facility seems structurally unharmed , all of the children have been sleeping outdoors because of aftershocks , followed by a second earthquake on may 12. the once-vibrant campus has gone from a place of safety and healing to one of uncertainty and worry. it is very , very hard , '' said koirala , the founder of the nonprofit maiti nepal and the 2010 cnn hero of the year.
police say an apparent suicide near the buffet at a suburban las vegas casino-resort created panic on easter sunday. authorities say a gunshot rang out and then a man was found dead with an apparent self-inflicted wound around 5 p.m. near the buffet at m resort spa and casino in henderson , nevada. police say one adult who heard the gunshot and fell while running away was taken to the hospital with minor injuries. witness describe hearing a large boom and then seeing a man lying on the ground with a pool of blood surrounding his salt-and-pepper hair. several people who had gone to the buffet for an easter meal posted tweets expressing their shock at the incident.
jenson button 's miserable formula one season continued in bahrain after he failed to start the bahrain grand prix. the british driver was set to start from the back of the grid after he broke down in qualifying. but despite frantic work from his mclaren team to get his car ready in time for the race in sakhir , button was forced to watch from the sidelines. jenson button -lrb- left -rrb- waves to fans during the drivers parade before the start of the bahrain grand prix. ` the engine is not broken , ' said mclaren chairman ron dennis. ' button took to twitter to update his fans following yet another car failure : ` as u probably are aware i will not b taking part in the bahrain gp , the guys have worked flat out 2 get the car built but we 're unable 2 run.
some vegetarians start young , as this comical video demonstrates. footage shows three-year-old luiz antonio from brazil being presented with a fanciful dish of octopus gnocchi at the dinner table. ` this octopus is n't real is it ? where 's its head ? is its head in the sea ? did the man hack it -lsb- off -rsb- ? ' the youngster says while grimacing at his dinner plate. scroll down for video. yuck ! footage shows three-year-old luiz antonio from brazil being presented with a fanciful dish of octopus gnocchi at the dinner table. his mother reassures him that she only cooked using the octopuses ` little legs chopped '.
her neighbour 's leylandii hedge stands 40ft tall and , says audrey alexander , has left parts of her garden in deep shade. despite a 35-year fight to get the trees cut down to size , the council has ruled they can stay. it is the final defeat in a battle that involved two generations of mrs alexander 's family. it kicked off 35 years ago when mrs alexander 's aunt found her vegetable patch at the property would not grow anything worth eating because of the leylandii. a row between neighbours over a 40ft high leylandii hedge -lrb- pictured -rrb- has finally come to and end after 35 years.
the national rifle association gathered on saturday to condemn barack obama and hillary clinton as ` elitists ' who will ` dismantle our freedoms and reshape america into an america that you and i will not even recognize '. in the annual meeting that attracts more than 70,000 people , ceo wayne lapierre celebrated the republican majority in the u.s. senate as evidence of the group 's political clout. the motto of the convention in nashville this weekend is : ` if they can ban one , they can ban them all. ' national rifle association members hold hands during the opening prayer at the annual meeting of members at the nra convention saturday april 11 in nashville , tennessee.
a washington television reporter had to duck for cover during his live broadcast when he was stung by bees after a truck carrying millions of them overturned on friday morning. jeff dubois of kiro , struggled to get through his report without swatting and waving his hands around as the bees buzzed around interstate 5. ' during the unexpectedly dangerous report , cameraman damien glitch was stung more than 20 times. scroll down for videos. ouch : jeff dubois swats away one of the hundreds of bees that swarmed around him and his cameraman on friday morning in washington. ' all the while dubois was reporting live , tens of white-suited bee-keepers rushed to save as many of the insects as they could.
australian foreign minister julie bishop has attracted both criticism and applause for her controversial decision to wear a headscarf during her visit to iran. bishop , who is australia 's highest-ranking official to visit iran in 12 years , donned a black headscarf during a meeting with iranian president hassan rouhani and her iranian counterpart mohammad javad zarif. scroll down for video. to veil or not to veil : australia 's foreign minister julie bishop has sparked a debate over her choice to wear a scarf during her visit to iran. ` you respect the culture wherever you are ' : the foreign minister also met with her counterpart mohammad javad zarif , and later defended her wearing of the headscarf that sparked the debate.
eight years ago , after his ac milan team had beaten liverpool to win the champions league final in athens , kaka knelt in the centre circle , spread his arms out wide , tilted his head back and turned his eyes to the skies in a gesture of worship and supplication. the brazilian superstar was wearing a vest on which he had printed the proud statement ' i belong to jesus '. it was a striking , bold image of a man not afraid to display his faith. kaka showed off an ' i belong to jesus ' vest after ac milan 's champions league win against liverpool in 2007.
if wigan athletic are to be relegated from the sky bet championship , then their new manager gary caldwell would want to see them go down kicking and screaming. martyn waghorn took that a little too literally against millwall , his red card for a senseless kick at dan harding punished by a lions side determined to avoid a similar fate. when waghorn , who played for millwall on loan from leicester in 2013 , lashed out after failing to win a corner on the hour , it was set up for the hosts to claim three precious points. millwall team-mates rush to congratulate substitute magaye gueye after he scored their second goal.
luxury personified : the datai hotel has all the colour and wonder of the emerald city , says maria mcerlane. full-size carved horses illuminated by antique torches guarded the entrance , as beautiful silk sari-clad malaysian staff welcomed us with cocktails. a minor note of tedium. langkawi is an archipelago of 104 islands in the andaman sea , 20 miles off the coast of malaysia. in 2007 it was given world geopark status by unesco. the datai hotel and resort is in the north west of the island. maria mcerlane -lrb- left -rrb- with painter doon mackichan at the datai hotel in malaysia.
world no 5 caroline wozniacki was invited to the white house on monday to take part in the annual easter egg roll and played tennis with us president barack obama. the danish ace participated in this year 's themed #gimmefive campaign aimed at promoting more active and healthy lifestyles among american people. us president barack obama plays tennis with world no 5 caroline wozniacki during the easter egg roll. obama was n't well dressed for tennis but nevertheless the 53-year-old gave it a good go on monday. obama reacts to scoring a point against wozniacki as the pair enjoy the day hosted at the white house.
after decades of snapping at the heels of rival marks & spencer , next has overtaken the company on profits. britain 's biggest fashion retailer has an impressive line in designer copies selling for a fraction of the price of the big labels. or if you fancy yourself in a victoria beckham-style armband shift dress , but would n't remortgage your home to pay for it , the next version could be just the ticket. scroll down for video. victoria beckham had a hit with this armband shift dress -lrb- victoria beckham.com -rrb-. next 's compact cut-out shoulder dress is a fraction of the price.
a 17-year-old teen is so allergic to water that even sweating can cause a potentially deadly burning rash. showers have to be quick and cold - long soaks in the bath are out of the question because they trigger burning inflammation. alexandra allen , 17 , from utah suffers with the condition aquagenic urticaria. showers have to be quick and cold - long soaks in the bath are out of the question because they trigger burning inflammation. the symptoms can last from a few hours to a week after exposure , reports deseret news. alexandra first realized she had the condition when she developed hives after spending time in a hot tub while on vacation.
president barack obama this morning put a human face on the harmful effects climate change can have on public health - his daughter malia. while making the case that higher temperatures lead to increases in wildfires , which send allergy-causing particulates into the air that can lead to greater and more serious incidents of asthma , the president recalled his own child 's run-in with the disease as a toddler. scroll down for video. president barack obama this morning put a human face on the harmful effects climate change can have on public health - his daughter malia. then an illinois u.s. senate candidate , obama is pictured here in 2004 with his wife michelle and their daughters malia , right , age 6 , and and sasha , left , age 3.
these are just some of the requests made by guests staying with high-end ski-tour company haute montagne. and they were all fulfilled , the firm told mailonline. luxury ski company bramble ski created a private ice bar for guests at one of its chalets in verbier -lrb- stock image -rrb-. the live-in tailor was demanded to make all the ski and apres ski outfits to a group of guests ' personal tastes and cost # 1,700 to hire. the horse and carriage was n't cheap either -- that drained the customer 's account of # 20,000. it was on standby for two weeks at a cost of # 1400 per day.
during his easter sermon of 1915 , the dean of st paul 's read out rupert brooke 's poem the soldier , which begins : ` if i should die , think only this of me : / that there 's some corner of a foreign field / that is forever england. ' rupert brooke 's -lrb- pictured -rrb- poem the soldier made him famous outside of literary circles. but when the newspapers reprinted the soldier the following day , he became properly famous for the rest of his life -- which , as it turned out , lasted just over a fortnight.
edinson cavani found a novel way of burying bad news , as the psg striker overcame another disappointing night 's work against barcelona with a day out at the zoo. the uruguayan has struggled in the shadow of zlatan ibrahimovic during his time in the french capital , and continued to toil at the camp nou , as laurent blanc 's side went down to a comfortable 2-0 second-leg defeat. edinson cavani strokes the head of a male goat at the animal sanctuary he visited after barcelona defeat. cavani perches himself on a wooden fence for a photo opportunity with the llamas his south american friends.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- just weeks after marvel 's `` daredevil '' premiered its first season on netflix , the company confirmed tuesday that a second season will be coming in 2016. the show focuses on attorney matt murdock -lrb- played by charlie cox -rrb- , who was blinded as a child , as he fights injustice by day using the law. by night , he continues the fight , becoming the superhero daredevil and using his powers to protect the new york neighborhood of hell 's kitchen. `` with tight adherence to its source material 's history , high production quality , and a no-nonsense dramatic flair , daredevil excels as an effective superhero origin story , a gritty procedural , and an exciting action adventure , '' says review site rotten tomatoes.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- all we want for christmas is you , mariah carey ! according to ew , new line cinema is planning a mariah carey christmas movie. producer jonathan shestack confirmed that he is working on the yet-untitled project with carey 's good friend director brett ratner co-producing. `` it 's a little bit about how music can take you back in time , '' shestack told ew. '' here are five reasons this movie has to happen :. what is the christmas season without a little mariah ? duh ! her 1994 hit `` all i want for christmas is you '' is a classic , and admit it : you start listening to it well before the holiday season even begins.
jurors hearing the boston. marathon bombing trial are barred from attending this year 's. race , a federal judge told the panel on tuesday as part of. instructions ahead of the trial 's sentencing phase. dzhokhar tsarnaev , 21 , was convicted last week of planting. famous marathon in 2013 , killing three people and injuring 264. the same jury that convicted tsarnaev will hear testimony on. whether he should be sentenced to death or life in prison for. his crimes , starting next tuesday , the day after the 2015. marathon takes place. scroll down for video. judge george o'toole told jurors in the boston marathon bombing case they are not to attend this year 's race or related events.
if you 're bored of crosswords and sick of sudoku , an enigmatic new riddle game may be just the mental challenge you need. a mysterious app called none * gives users only one clue to get started and a keyboard to type their guesses. there are no images , music , animations , sound effects or hints to help users , or indication of what the purpose of the game is exactly. scroll down for video. an intentionally mysterious app called none * gives users only one clue to get started and a keyboard to type their guesses. ' the free app has a pitch black screen and a single clue written in white text , as well as showing a small keyboard.
as a wealth management consultant for a prestigious london firm , craig lister is used to keeping his cool. craig , 54 , is on hormone therapy for prostate cancer , which starves cancer cells by reducing levels of testosterone in the body - and has the side-effect of hot flushes. craig , 54 , was diagnosed with prostate cancer in 2012. he is now well and his tumours have shrunk. the feeling suddenly builds up as if you 've gone into a sauna. ' craig has taken to carrying a spare shirt in his briefcase when he goes to meet clients.
nicole mayhew had gone to work leaving her spouse scott working on his car in their garage in saratoga springs , utah. but while she was gone , the 43-year-old was seriously injured when the heavy vehicle after the fell off its jack - crushing his chest. scroll down for video. nicole mayhew -lrb- right -rrb- had rushed home after she got a strange feeling she needed to see her husband scott -lrb- left -rrb- to find him trapped under the car. trapped and in a great deal of pain , mr mayhew spent an hour and a half yelling for help and praying for his wife to come home.
brendan rodgers has come out fighting after suffering wembley disappointment and insisted he is the right man to lead liverpool next season. another trophyless season is nearing an end after losing to aston villa but rodgers said : ' i do n't think there is anyone better. ' i have got a strong relationship with the owners and they understand that this was going to be the process. ' liverpool manager brendan rodgers has backed himself to improve the club next season. steven gerrard -lrb- left -rrb- trains alongside jordan henderson , who signed a new liverpool contract on thursday. adam lallana -lrb- left -rrb- was back in training for liverpool as they prepare to take on west brom.
an art collector today claimed she was robbed of more than # 4million worth of jewellery during a designer handbag snatch in a notorious motorway tunnel in paris. the german woman , who has not been named , was in a taxi which was stuck in traffic shortly after arriving at charles de gaulle airport on wednesday afternoon. three thieves are said to have ` appeared from nowhere ' and smashed a rear window of the car , making off with the bag. it included numerous valuable items including a single ring worth close to # 1million , as well as around 12 other valuable pieces.
it 's april and my first proper swim of the year. and , within seconds , making frantic strokes , i 'm swept up and i 'm swimming. scroll down for video. sarah foot says her affair with open water began on hampstead heath after a local swimming pool closed down , and has taken her to swimming in the north sea off the coast of suffolk -lrb- pictured -rrb-. i love to swim. so best of all has to be swimming outdoors , and here on the east coast in suffolk it is now warm enough -- just about -- for the sea.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- from the giant sequoias of yosemite to the geysers of yellowstone , the united states ' national parks were made for you and me. though most of the national park service 's 407 sites are free year-round , the 128 parks that charge a fee -- like yellowstone and yosemite -- will be free those two days. it 's all part of national park week , happening april 18 through april 26 , and it 's hosted by the national park service and the national park foundation. check out night-time astronomy parties , daytime revolutionary war programs , earth day parties and family-friendly junior ranger activities at national park sites across the country.
a report to the french government is urging eateries and customers to embrace ` le doggy bag ' in a bid to reduce the staggering amount of food thrown away each year. socialist mp guillaume garot , the author of the study , said while the popular us practice was previously ` unthinkable ' for snooty diners and chefs , a change in attitudes could save france up to $ 20 billion -lrb- # 14 billion -rrb- a year. french diners have previously seen doggy bags - popular in america and the uk - as 'em barrassing ' , but one mp has said increasing their use would stop the country wasting huge amounts of food.
walter smith is reluctant to predict a permanent end to hostilities. two years since he stepped down as chairman of rangers , the crackle of gunfire still reverberates in his ears. a declaration of peace in our time is premature. dave king , the chairman-elect , has still to obtain the sfa clearance he needs for a seat in the boardroom. and the championship promotion play-offs threaten more landmines than the somme. yet before participating in the annual charity golf day of the john hartson foundation , the rangers icon expressed hope that the worst is over. that rangers can put down the circus tent and become a football club once more.
more than a dozen people were injured on thursday night after a stage collapsed during an indiana public high school theater performance , sending students plummeting 10 feet into an orchestra pit. one of the victims suffered critical head trauma as the stage fell half-way through a song during a sold-out showing of american pie at westfield high school. the calamity occurred at the worst possible time - just as dozens walked on stage for the finale. terrible : tragedy struck thursday night at an indiana high school 's performance of the musical american pie. buckled : just as the entire cast danced on-stage for the finale , the platform beneath them collapsed.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- it 's easy to be anxious about the threat posed by the islamic state of iraq and syria. after all , this is a brutal organization that not only kills but seems to revel in doing so in ways designed to shock the world -- from the beheadings of journalists to burning a jordanian pilot alive. such moves are part of this murky group 's propaganda and its deliberate efforts to manipulate information. and although it 's important to start with the caveat that isis is indeed trying to scare and confuse us , i took away some tentative lessons from speaking with the people who have traveled inside the minds of isis.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- richard dysart , the award-winning stage actor who gained fame playing law firm leader leland mckenzie on `` l.a. law , '' has died. he died of cancer at his home in santa monica , california , according to his wife , kathryn jacobi dysart. ` l.a. law ' : sex , crime and the ` venus butterfly ' mckenzie usually took a back seat to the younger , more glamorous characters on `` law , '' a steven bochco-created legal show that owed much to his previous hit , `` hill street blues. '' the employees of mckenzie , brackman , chaney and kuzak included harry hamlin 's smooth-talking michael kuzak , corbin bernsen 's skirt-chasing divorce attorney arnie becker and michele greene 's idealistic abby perkins.
from working sunrise until sunset to a heart-warming embrace between a girl and her horse - these stunning pictures give city dwellers a glimpse into the life and hardships faced by australians who live in our country 's most regional areas. locals describe the amateur competition as a chance to showcase the best the bush has to offer. winner : marie muldoon 's heartwarming shot took out the competition , also snagging the people 's choice award. marie muldoon won this years competition with a touching photo of her daughter cuddling up to a horse , titled true love. the moving photograph which speaks to the intrinsic link between man and animal was voted the overall winner , also snagging the people 's choice award.
it took louis van gaal less than a minute of his weekly press conference to burst manchester united 's bubble and re-open some of the more troubling issues of his time in charge at old trafford. the dutchman wasted no time in revealing that michael carrick , daley blind , phil jones and marcos rojo will miss the much-anticipated clash with chelsea at stamford bridge through injury. ` the worst scenario , ' van gaal called it. wayne rooney arrives in london ahead of the chelsea clash while ashley young -lrb- right -rrb- poses with a fan. manchester united captain wayne rooney could be dropped further back into midfield against chelsea.
havana ? the vatican says pope francis may add another leg to his trip to the united states this september , visiting cuba just months after he helped negotiate a diplomatic thaw between the two nations. the possibility , which would add a dimension of international intrigue to an already highly anticipated trip , was first reported thursday by the wall street journal. in response to reporters ' questions , vatican spokesman the rev. federico lombardi said in a statement , `` the holy father has taken into consideration the idea of making a stop in cuba '' on his way to or from the united states this september.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- so , you 'd like a `` full house '' reunion and spinoff ? you got it , dude ! co-star john stamos announced monday night on `` jimmy kimmel live '' that netflix has ordered up a reunion special , followed by a spinoff series called `` fuller house. '' the show will feature candace cameron bure , who played eldest daughter d.j. tanner in the original series -- which aired from 1987 to 1995 -- as the recently widowed mother of three boys. jodie sweetin , who played stephanie tanner in the original series , and andrea barber , who portrayed d.j. 's best friend kimmy gibbler , will both return for the new series , netflix said.
moscow -lrb- cnn -rrb- never mind. north korean leader kim jong un has backed out of next month 's visit to moscow for world war ii anniversary celebrations , kremlin spokesman dmitry peskov said thursday. `` the decision is connected with north korean domestic affairs. '' the visit was highly anticipated because it would have marked kim 's first official foreign trip since inheriting the leadership of north korea in late 2011. he was to have met with russian president vladimir putin as part of the may visit to coincide with victory day , marking the 70th anniversary of the soviet union 's victory over nazi germany in world war ii.
gerry adams has sparked outrage over comments he made on us television about notorious abduction and murder of jean mcconville. sinn fein president gerry adams has described the notorious abduction and murder of jean mcconville as ` what happens in wars '. the comments have angered relatives of mrs mcconville , whose abduction , disappearance and subsequent murder became one of the most shocking events of the troubles. she was 37 when she was taken by a masked gang from her home in belfast in front of her children. she was accused by republicans of being a british army informer , suffocated with a plastic bag and shot dead.
depression : nurse victorino chua wrote a long note in which he said he had ' a devil in me ' , manchester crown court has heard. a nurse accused of murdering three patients in a hospital poisoning spree warned there was ` a devil ' in him , a jury heard yesterday. victorino chua penned what he called a ` bitter nurse confession ' in which he spelled out ` how an angel can turn to an evil person '. ' chua is accused of killing three patients by contaminating their saline drips with insulin and deliberately poisoning 18 others at stepping hill hospital in stockport between 2011 and 2012.
have you ever wondered exactly what happens to the unused toiletries in hotel room bathrooms ? or how a hotel handles it if a guest dies during their stay ? hotel industry insider turned author jacob tomsky shares his tales from working in two top hotels in new orleans and new york city and provides lots of little-known tips to ensure guests make the most of every hotel stay. hotel industry insider turned author , jacob tomsky , reveals the most common items people take from hotels. what are some of the most common items that people take from hotels ? without a doubt , toiletries and towels are definitely the most popular items for guests to pocket , according to jacob tomsky , author of heads in beds : a reckless memoir of hotels , hustles , and so-called hospitality.
tiger woods was genial. tiger woods was charm personified. tiger woods is the 111th best golfer in the world. you can grin your way through life as the 111th best golfer in the world. no big whoop. tiger woods was all smiles as he played a practice around ahead of his 20th appearance at the masters. the former best player in the world arrives at augusta ranked a lowly 111th in the game. woods name appears on the masters ' tournament winner 's board four times ; 1997 , 2001 , 2002 and 2005. and then he was asked where a win this week , from one ranking place lower than tomohiro kondo of japan , at a point in his career when it was wondered whether he would be seen on the golf course as a competing professional again , would rank in his career achievements.
michelle obama has issued a warning to motorists in the washington d.c. area that her eldest daughter is now a licensed driver who is sometimes allowed to go out driving on her own. ` i 've got a driver -- a 16-year-old driving around , ' the first lady said during an appearance on live ! with kelly and michael broadcast from the white house on monday. although malia receives protection from the secret service , mrs. obama revealed that she does get to drive outside the white house grounds on her own. scroll down for video. michelle obama made a special appearance on live ! with kelly and michael broadcast from the white house on monday.
a woman was reportedly spotted threatening people with ' a dildo in each hand ' during an altercation outside a grafton pub. an eye-witnesses said a fight broke out inside roches family hotel late friday night before it spilled out onto victoria road. a woman was reportedly spotted threatening people with ' a dildo in each hand ' during an altercation outside roches family hotel in grafton. ' the altercation took an unusual turn when mr weller and other onlookers spotted a woman approaching the scene , armed with two rubber sex toys. ' grafton police confirmed they attended the scene however no one made a formal complaint about the woman or her strange choice of weaponry.
huddersfield coach paul anderson is hoping to kick-start his side 's misfiring attack to match the efficiency of their defence as they look to start climbing back up the super league ladder. the giants have plummeted from third to ninth after losing all three games over the easter holiday period but they go into sunday 's home game against catalans dragons with the best defensive record in the league. paul anderson is hoping to kick-start his hudderfield side 's misfiring attack to climb up super league. the giants have plummeted from third to ninth after losing all three games over the easter holiday period.
first it was revealed that lashings of baby oil were used to keep aidan turner 's rippling torso looking suitably divine in the hit bbc sunday night series poldark. then came the admission that while aidan , 31 , very ` definitely ' did not wear mascara to enhance his seductive stares , he was partial to a little eyeliner to define his smouldering eyes. a good smattering ! has actor aidan turner , who has admitted to using baby oil to show off his physique to maximum effect , been ` manscaping ' his once-hairy chest in favour of a less hirsute look ? definitely no ` scything ' here ... aidan 's chest hair looks distinctly more unkempt in this photo shoot for bbc comedy drama being human , which aired earlier this year.
they are famous for their exquisite sashimi , succulent yakitori -lrb- grilled chicken on skewers -rrb- and mouthwatering soba noodles. but the japanese have taken their culinary expertise to a whole new level with their newest cooking series. the action in this cookery programme takes place in the tiniest kitchen in the world , and demonstrates how to make perfectly formed miniature versions of classic foods. scroll down for video. a tiny strawberry cake made with cut out bread , one strawberry and covered in frosting and coloured balls. miniature space , a cooking show which has taken the internet by storm , has easy-to follow videos of how to make all kinds of fun-sized food , from noodle dishes and cheeseburgers to tagines , fried chicken and even cake.
the secret service took more than a year to replace a broken alarm system at the home of george h.w. bush , it has emerged. the alarm failed at the former president 's houston residence in september 2013 and even though the secret service bought a replacement system in january 2014 , it took until december for it to be installed - leaving the couple without the protection of a working alarm at their home for 15 months. the oversight - just the latest in a string of blunders by the agency - was revealed in a report by the department of homeland security office of inspector general , which was released on thursday.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- lauren hill , who took her inspirational fight against brain cancer onto the basketball court and into the hearts of many , has died at age 19. the indiana woman 's story became known around the world last year when she was able to realize her dream of playing college basketball. mount st. joseph university in cincinnati successfully petitioned the ncaa to move up the opening game of its schedule to accommodate her desire to play. at a ceremony honoring her life on the school 's campus friday afternoon , head coach dan benjamin said the toughest thing a coach has to deal with is a loss.
the casually-dressed 52-year-old is said to be able to speak fluent english - but seemingly failed to pick up the meaning of the t-shirt. it also prompted thousands of comments including the suggestion that the child was a cia agent brought in to damage the president 's reputation. the phjoto was shared thousands of times and prompted a series of fake pictures , including the one above. however , his supporters quickly rallied behind him and used the hashtag #wearewithyoumashi to fight back. according to the bbc , the boy 's mother said that her son had not known the meaning of the t-shirt himself and she is quoted as saying : ` we do n't want to shame the president '.
as for martin allen and barnet , they will land in benidorm on wednesday afternoon as conference champions. regaining their football league status after a two-year absence came down to 90 minutes against gateshead. lose or draw , and it went to bristol rovers. there was to be no drama in this finale , yet manager allen expected nothing less. the man known as mad dog predicted they would win promotion to league two long before it was confirmed on saturday. barnet celebrate with the conference trophy after securing a return to the football league. mauro vilhete -lrb- right -rrb- scored a brace for barnet as they overcame gateshead to secure promotion.
kenny jackett has told his wolves players they must maintain their focus and follow up victory over nottingham forest with another over leeds united on monday. the wolves boss believes it is now just the top eight in the sky bet championship who are fighting it out for the play-off places , with their 2-1 success at the city ground all but ending the reds ' chances of making a late push. wolves were fired on by a goal just 30 seconds into the second half from benik afobe , followed by a bakary sako penalty in the 72nd minute. bakary sako celebrates after scoring wolves ' second goal in a 2-1 win at nottingham forest on good friday.
another day at melwood , another awkward conversation with brendan rodgers for raheem sterling. this time , rather than a chat about a contract spurned it will be a noxious but legal substance once tried and tested by our own prince harry that will be under discussion. once again the 20-year-old liverpool forward has been rather stupid. what will perhaps stand rather more impressively in his favour is some of the football sterling produced in this rather important win for liverpool. raheem sterling wheels away in celebration after scoring liverpool 's opener in the first half at anfield. liverpool -lrb- 4-3-3 -rrb- : mignolet 7 ; johnson 6 , lovren 5 , can 6.5 , moreno 6 ; henderson 7 , allen 6.5 , lucas 7 ; ibe 6 -lrb- borini 58 , 6 -rrb- , coutinho 7.5 , sterling 7 -lrb- lambert 89 -rrb-.
when it launched eight years ago , cruise company azamara decided to make a name for itself , literally. the line - part of the royal caribbean group - has two ships in its fleet , journey and quest , which each carry about 680 passengers. the azamara club cruises ' quest vessel carries about 680 passengers , making it a more intimate voyage. the size of the ship means it is able to access ports that are off-limits to the bigger vessels. boarding the ship in somewhere as glitzy as monaco immediately imbued the journey with a luxury feel. you can enjoy ` standard spirits , international beers and wines at all ship bars during regular bar hours ' for no extra charge - and ` gratuities ' on azamara are included in the basic cost.
stoke chief executive tony scholes is hopeful they can keep hold of asmir begovic as the goalkeeper approaches the final year of his contract. the bosnia international has regularly been linked with other clubs during his time at the britannia stadium , and although his current deal has just over 12 months to run , scholes believes they can match the 27-year-old 's ambitions. ` clearly asmir is a terrific goalkeeper and we are very keen to keep him at the club , ' he told the sentinel. stoke city are hopeful they can keep hold of goalkeeper asmir begovic as he enters the final of his contract.
wylie brys -lrb- pictured -rrb- and his dad , dallas zookeper tim brys , were digging for fossils near a grocery store when wylie found the dinosaur bones. a five-year-old boy in dallas has had the once-in-a-lifetime opportunity of discovering 100million-year-old dinosaur bones while searching for fossils with his dad. wylie brys was digging with his dad , tim brys , back in september at a construction site near a mansfield , texas , grocery store when he made the ancient discovery. ' the pair had been finding fish vertebrae , but when wylie came back with the bone , brys asked him to take him to where he found it , according to ksax.
which player is the second-highest scorer in the country this season ? stand up and take a bow anyone who came up with benik afobe , who was one of arsenal 's own before they loaned him to mk dons and sold him to wolves. afobe is young , electric-paced and on 28 goals this season - one behind man-of-the-moment harry kane of tottenham and england. bakary sako celebrates after scoring wolves second goal in a 2-1 win at nottingham forest on good friday. sako doubled wolves ' advantage from the penalty spot after he was fouled by forest 's henri lansbury.
graeme mcdowell admits he has sometimes needed to spend time in a padded room after failing to get to grips with the challenges posed by augusta national. but the former us open champion is optimistic he can improve on his masters record this week after overcoming an ankle injury which forced him to withdraw from the valero texas open last month. graeme mcdowell has vowed to play ` aggressive ' golf to help improve his poor masters record. ' mcdowell has made the cut just twice in seven attempts in the masters - although he finished 17th in 2009 and 12th in 2012 - and concedes the long course does not suit his game.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- espn 's britt mchenry this week found herself in the news , rather than reporting on it , after a video surfaced showing her berating and belittling an employee of a tow company in arlington , virginia. mchenry quickly issued an apology , blaming the incident on a moment of intense frustration but admitting her mistake and accepting responsibility. it was , however , too late : the #firebrittmchenry hashtag was already trending on twitter , where she was called everything from classist , class-less , and `` ugly on the inside '' to a `` sad , self-hating coward.
an offensive attempt by a men 's magazine to commemorate fallen anzac soldiers has backfired as social media users and the department of veteran affairs condemn the crude ` commemorative issue '. the department of veteran affairs -lrb- dva -rrb- said the word ` anzac ' is protected by federal legislation since 1920 and is not authorised to be used for commercial purposes - like zoo weekly 's ` special anzac centenary issue ' - without express permission from the minister for veterans ' affairs. scroll down for video. zoo weekly removed images of a bikini clad woman holding a red poppy after being criticised by the department of veteran affairs for using the word ` anzac ' without permission.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- they used to do the guarding at florida prisons. two florida corrections officers and one former officer trainee have been charged in a plot to kill a former inmate who was getting out of prison , the florida attorney general 's office said thursday. an fbi informant met the men -- thomas jordan driver , 25 ; david elliot moran , 47 ; and charles thomas newcomb , 42 -- after infiltrating a branch of the kkk : the traditional american knights of the ku klux klan , cnn affiliate wjxt reported. driver told the informant that he had gotten into a fight with the inmate and that he and moran wanted him `` six feet under , '' according to court documents.
kalman kallai enjoyed the spectacular canadian scenery from the comfort of a green chair while journeying from borden , ontario to comox , british columbia for work purposes. the traveller sits before corn , a café , boats and water , before he is featured rocking and making gestures with his hand. after picking up a green rocking chair that he acquired for free from online advertisement site kijiji , the traveller attached his trailer and set off on the nine-day journey. he wears a green hoody , blue jacket and hat -- clothing items that remain a running theme throughout the course of the video.
british officers were forced to accept the four-day inspection from the experts from moscow despite heightened tensions with vladimir putin. russian military inspectors have arrived at a huge nato war games exercise off the coast of scotland , it emerged yesterday. british officers were forced to accept the four-day inspection from the experts from moscow under a european arms control treaty despite heightened tensions with vladimir putin. britain and 11 other nato countries are set to contribute to the naval exercise , which was hailed by the government as one of the largest land , air , and sea training exercises run in europe.
sending dozens of messages or playing games for hours can cause your phone to overheat , which can drain battery and even damage the device. now an israeli team of developers has built a ` thermal protection ' case that not only warns you when your phone is getting too hot , it will automatically cool it down. called amited , the case uses micro-fans to blow heat away from the device , or can heat a phone using resistance coils if it gets too cold. scroll down for video. sensors in the case monitor the phone 's temperature and if it gets too hot , optimal will cool the device using two built-in micro-fans.
i 've had close-up experience with three of the world 's five surviving species of rhino : the white rhino looks like the main battle tank of an extra-terrestrial army , while the black is more like a hot-rod armoured car. surely they ca n't be real. you feel as if you 've slipped back into the jurassic era and were looking at some great horned dinosaur , for they could n't possibly be part of the 21st century. it 's as if the creatures of the past had suddenly invaded the present , as if the lost world of sir arthur conan doyle had been found again.
leicester city midfielder esteban cambiasso knows what it feels like to claim football 's biggest prizes but says saving the premier league strugglers from relegation would be one of the highlights of his career. cambiasso , a former argentina international , claimed five serie a titles at previous club inter milan where he also won the champions league in 2010. leicester city midfielder esteban cambiasso -lrb- left -rrb- says beating relegation would be like winning a trophy. he joined leicester last summer on a free transfer and signed a one-year deal at the king power stadium. ` for me , winning a cup or winning the league with another team is the same now as having the possibility to save leicester in the premier league.
a student who was left with an unsightly cauliflower ear following a botched piercing says she wishes she had listened to her mother who told her not to get it done. but when the piercing became inflamed , remmie was forced to remove the bar - and the resulting wound healed into a hazelnut-sized lump known as a keloid scar. scroll down for video. unsightly : remmie was left with a hazelnut sized scar on the top of her ear following a piercing. ` it looks vile , it 's not pretty and makes me feel less confident , ' says remmie who appears on tlc reality series , extreme beauty disasters.
the mighty boot of marcelo bosch kept the english flag flying in europe as the argentinian kicked saracens through to the champions cup semi-finals with a famous last-minute penalty. no chorus of boos or whistles would stop the sweet strike rising above the 1950s tower blocks in the colombes suburbs , with the ice cool 31-year-old mobbed by players and coaches as racing metro 92 were unceremoniously dumped out of the competition. referee nigel owens was escorted off the pitch by security but his call -- penalising replacement lock fabrice metz with 10 seconds left on the clock -- was the correct decision and ensured a classic finale to match bereft or flair and finesse.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- the arrest and death of freddie gray in baltimore has sparked protests and accusations of police brutality. but it 's unclear how gray , who was arrested on a weapons charge april 12 , suffered a severe spinal cord injury that led to his death seven days later. what we know : gray was arrested on a weapons charge in a high-crime area of baltimore known for drugs. he `` gave up without the use of force , '' baltimore deputy police commissioner jerry rodriguez said last week. an officer apparently took his taser out and was prepared to use it on gray , but he never deployed it , rodriguez said.
jordan henderson is seeking a new contract worth # 100,000 per week before committing his long-term future to liverpool. the club 's vice-captain wants to stay at anfield but he is approaching the final year of his # 60,000-per-week contract and is yet to sign an extension. talks over a new deal are well underway and henderson has already rejected a five-year deal worth # 80,000 per week. jordan henderson is seeking a new # 100,000-a-week contract before committing his future to liverpool. the liverpool vice-captain scored from the penalty spot during the 4-1 defeat by arsenal on saturday. and sportsmail understands an improved offer worth # 5.2 million per year will be enough for liverpool to cement henderson 's long-term future.
young professional footballers can be an easy target with some of their behaviour but on thursday afternoon it was refreshing to sit down and talk with danny welbeck. we discussed life at arsenal , scoring against manchester united and his fa cup dreams. you can watch the full interview on football focus on bbc one today at 12.10 pm and reading 's semi-final with arsenal live on bbc one from 5.05 pm. danny welbeck talks to sportsmail 's martin keown ahead of arsenal 's fa cup semi-final against reading. martin keown : you 've played at wembley many times and you 've played in a semi-final as well but you 're now one step away from an fa cup final.
skyfaring. by mark vanhoenacker. our fascination with aeroplanes , and the men who fly them -lrb- it is still overwhelmingly men -rrb- , has acquired a morbid flavour since germanwings flight 9525 was deliberately crashed into the french alps by its troubled co-pilot andreas lubitz. the tragedy ignited an ongoing debate about stress and depression among pilots , and airline vetting procedures , in which just about all of us have a vested interest. this makes mark vanhoenacker 's book , unwittingly , very timely indeed. when he was writing it he had never heard of lubitz , of course , but nor does he dwell on the horrors of 9/11 or any other plane crashes either accidental or premeditated.
the codpieces used in the hit bbc drama wolf hall were too small and should have been double the size , according to an expert. this is one of a number of inaccuracy spotted in the big budget adaptation of hilary mantel 's books and was said to have been done so as not to offend and baffle the shows american audience. damien lewis , pictured left , with a small and modest codpiece , and a renaissance portrait , right , with a much more noticeable and prominent garment. homeland star damian lewis played henry viii in the six-part series on the rapid rise to power of sir thomas cromwell in king henry 's court.
breakthrough by jack andraka with matthew lysiak. jack andraka is just 18 , yet his newly-published memoir carries a blurb from barack obama. jack 's short life has been packed with incident , but there was little in his background to suggest that he would become a teenage celebrity. he was born in 1997 and grew up in suburban maryland with his elder brother , luke , and parents , jane , a nurse , and steve , a civil engineer. the andrakas encouraged their boys to think about how the world worked : school runs were fiercely competitive as jack and luke tried to solve science questions fired at them by their mother.
alice barker snapped her fingers and sang along as videos of her routines as a chorus line dancer during the 1930s harlem renaissance played on the screen. barker had danced at legendary clubs like the apollo , cotton club and zanzibar club , and had appeared in movies commercials and television shows. barker -lrb- pictured far right in the video -rrb- snapped her fingers and sang along as videos of her routines as a chorus line dancer during the 1930s harlem renaissance played on the screen. but she had never gotten the chance to watch herself dance. it was david shuff , who met barker years ago when he brought his therapy dog to her retirement home , that finally reunited the one-time famous dancer with her videos.
the chief secretary to the treasury has been caught on camera knocking back drinks with a high-class call girl. but sadly for scandalmongers , the chance encounter between danny alexander and brooke magnanti -- better known by her former alias belle de jour -- was innocent. the two were snapped at bar one in inverness on friday as part of the nip festival , which celebrates the gins and whiskies of the highlands. mr alexander was snapped with ms magnati - also known as belle de jour - at the nip festival. it comes as david cameron faced a growing revolt last night over his ` flat-footed ' general election campaign.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- authorities in south carolina have released dash cam video in connection with the fatal shooting of walter scott , but the footage does not show the actual shooting. video from the patrol car of north charleston 's michael slager shows an initial traffic stop and early interactions between the officer and scott. scott tells the officer he does not have insurance and is in the process of purchasing the vehicle. slager then returns to his patrol car. scott exits his vehicle , briefly , and slager tells him to stay in the car. scott then gets out of the car , again , and runs away , out of the range of the dash cam.
asian-american rock band the. usually considered a racial slur , can not trademark the name. because it is disparaging , a u.s. appeals court ruled on monday. the decision by the u.s. court of appeals for the federal. circuit rejected the band 's argument that the government 's. refusal to grant a trademark violated its free speech rights. the ruling could have implications for the high-profile. fight over whether the national football league 's washington. redskins should lose its trademarks. the slants , who say they chose their name as a way to reclaim a term usually considered a racial slur , can not trademark the name because it is disparaging , a u.s. appeals court has ruled.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- emergency operators get lots of crazy calls , but few start like this. caller : `` hello , i 'm trapped in this plane and i called my job , but i 'm in this plane. '' the frantic 911 call came just as the alaska airlines flight had taken off from seattle-tacoma international airport on monday afternoon. the caller was a ramp agent who fell asleep in the plane 's cargo hold. the cell phone call soon broke up , but the man was making himself known in other ways as the crew and passengers reported unusual banging from the belly of the boeing 737.
hailed as one of the most imaginative minds in history , dr seuss created magical worlds with playful rhymes and kooky illustrations. this towering structure 130 miles from anchorage was once a two-story home , built after a forest fire swept the valley clean of trees. dr seuss fans flock to alaska to visit this 12-cabin-high structure that looks like one of his illustrations. teetering : the owner wanted to be able to see the idyllic valley over the tall trees around their cabin. in need of renovation : it was abandoned for years but new owners are now renovating it.
fashion fans who follow many of the top bloggers on instagram experienced an extreme case of déjà vu over the weekend after the same dress was modeled by no less than 50 fashionistas. in order to ensure maximum exposure for their new design lab collection , the company partnered with 50 of the most influential fashion bloggers and got each to post a photo of them wearing the same dress. scroll down for video. fashion fans who follow many of the top bloggers on instagram experienced an extreme case of déjà vu over the weekend after the same dress was modelled by no less than 50 fashionistas.
two men have died after being crushed by timber that fell on top of them inside a shipping container. authorities were called to an industrial site in wetherill park , west of sydney , shortly after 11am on thursday where they worked to release three men. police found the three men inside a shipping container on a property on victoria street. authorities were called to an industrial site in wetherill park , west of sydney , shortly after 11am on thursday where they worked to release three men. two men died at the scene as a result and the surviving man was taken to nearby fairfield hospital in a serious condition.
expensive clothes , fast cars and glittering industry parties : to the average person , the lives of the rich and famous may seem way out of reach. but the growing slew of celebrity gaming apps , from the likes of kim kardashian and lindsay lohan -lrb- and soon , katy perry -rrb- , promise to immerse you in it all , temporarily. scroll down for video. kim kardashian : hollywood is the app from the reality star , which uses her likeness and voice. users have to build a celebrity empire similar to kim 's. the 34-year-old launched the highly lucrative app last june , and has an estimated 28 million downloads.
john helinski was homeless and nameless for three years. charles inman could not bear to see his 62-year-old ward land back on the street , he told cnn affiliate wfts. but getting him into the system was hard , because helinski 's id and social security cards had been stolen. `` he needed to have an identification , but we could n't get an identification without a birth certificate , '' inman said. a hassle all by itself , except that helinski was foreign born -- in poland , as an american citizen. then , helinski remembered that he used to have an account with a certain landmark bank.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- a sweat-smothered man in a wide-brimmed hat , knee-high leather boots and a khaki uniform machetes his way through lush jungle foliage. as thick tangles of vine fall beneath his blade , he pushes into a clearing , then suddenly staggers back. before him rise the crumbled ruins of an enormous portal of rock , black with age but with a colossal grandeur not yet lost -- a fine example of what archaeologists call a `` zoomorphic portal '' or , more popularly , a `` monster mouth gate. '' what was once the gateway to an ancient mayan city , built circa 700 ad and mysteriously abandoned four centuries later , stands before him.
a fashion photographer suffering from cystic fibrosis -lrb- cf -rrb- is revolutionizing the way people look at the life-threatening disorder by snapping the portraits of 56 adult women living with the genetic disease to bring hope to children and teens diagnosed with the condition , which has no known cure. ian pettigrew , 46 , from ontario , canada , was working on his book of portraits , just breathe : adults with cystic fibrosis , when he realized that he had far more female subjects than male. scroll down for video. beautiful fighter : ian pettigrew , from ontario , canada , photographed this woman with cystic fibrosis holding her oxygen tank as a part of his second book , salty girls , which aims to bring awareness to the disease.
it 's not just uv rays that suncreams now protect against - some new products claim to stop the damage from infra-red a rays , too. but are any of these high-tech suncreams worth buying ? here , dr bav shergill , a consultant dermatologist at queen victoria hospital in east grinstead , offers his verdict. and we rate them ... a new generation of suncreams promise to protect against the damage from infra-red a rays and others say they protect the skin from the inside. here , consultant dermatologist bav shergill gives his verdict. com. claims : spf 30 suncream containing uva and uvb protection , plus pack of five 60ml liquid food supplement shots - these contain vitamin e , lycopene , vitamin c , beta-carotene and other nutrients for skin health.
the couple that models designer clothes together stays together -- or at least that 's what one new york-based duo hope , having just inked a deal as the first openly gay couple with fusion models. but while the male model it couple have starred in a campaign together for dkny and posed for big brands like edun and dsquared2 , they say it has n't always been easy for them to work in the industry and be true to themselves. model couple : carlos santolalla , 25 , left , and john tuite , 22 , right , are the first openly gay couple to be signed together to a modeling agency.
mark one up for the future of golf over its past and present as 21-year-old jordan spieth took the first-day honours with a stunning opening round of 64 on a spectacular day of scoring at the sun-baked 79th masters. for much of the day it looked as if he might have to share top billing with 34-year-old justin rose and 45-year-old ernie els , as the englishman and the south african posted scores of 67 to tie charley hoffman , an american representative of the rank and file. but by then spieth had separated himself from the field to become the youngest first-round leader in masters history with a fabulous run of six birdies in seven holes before adding a wonderful flourish at the 18th , where he brushed in a 25-foot birdie putt.
built with discarded scraps from house conversions including loft insulation board and polystyrene , it was glued together with silicone sealant. amazingly , the 6ft vessel held together long enough for the men to set up their rods and haul in some fish. but they were scuppered when an oar snapped 200 yards off jaywick , essex , and they had to call 999. the bungling fishermen who had to be rescued from their diy boat , who have been named as aaron jones , right , and jamie toms , left. the diy boat used by a pair of fisherman , who had to be rescued by a lifeboat crew.
conor mcgregor insists featherweight champion jose aldo does n't want the title as much as he does. aldo makes the eighth defence of his belt against mcgregor in las vegas on july 11. ' now watch sportsmail 's full interview with mcgregor. conor mcgregor grabbed jose aldo 's belt when they took their promotional tour to dublin last week .
-lrb- cnn -rrb- debates on climate change can break down fairly fast. but a new way to talk about climate change is emerging , which shifts focus from impersonal discussions about greenhouse gas emissions and power plants to a very personal one : your health. president barack obama joined u.s. surgeon general dr. vivek murthy and epa administrator gina mccarthy for a roundtable discussion on the topic as part of national public health week. `` you 'd have air quality alerts , and people who had respiratory problems or were vulnerable had to stay inside. '' `` there are a whole host of public health impacts that are going to hit home , so we 've got to do better in protecting vulnerable americans , '' obama continued.
a film-mad woman got her picture perfect proposal when her fiancé proposed to her on the big screen of a cinema. fabio lovato , 30 , created a short video that played following the cinema trailers for fast and furious 7 showcasing pictures from where they met in australia. scroll down for video. fabio lavato proposed to his girlfriend laura knight in their local cineworld in gloucester. fabio then got down on one knee in the cineworld in gloucester and popped the question to his shocked girlfriend laura knight , 29. italian-born fabio , who now lives in quedgeley , gloucester with laura , says that he always knew he wanted to marry laura.
a man has been charged with stabbing his girlfriend in the backside with a pitchfork. antonio nuñez , 59 , was said to be arguing with the woman , who has not been named , at his home in san antonio , texas , on monday. attack : antonio nunez allegedly stabbed his girlfriend in the backside with a pitchfork during an argument. according to police , the woman pepper sprayed nuñez in the eyes and ran across the street to a neighbor who called 911. she is in hospital recovering. nuñez will be charged with aggravated assault , the houston chronicle reported.
kabul , afghanistan -lrb- cnn -rrb- a suicide bomber detonated his explosives near a group of protesters in eastern afghanistan on thursday , killing 17 people and wounding dozens more , police said. an afghan lawmaker taking part in the protests in the city of khost was among the 64 people wounded , said faizullah ghairat , the provincial police chief. taliban spokesman zabiullah mujahid denied his group was responsible for the attack. humayoon humayoon , an afghan member of parliament for khost province , and the other protesters were on their way to join a larger rally against the provincial governor , according to zahir jan , an eyewitness.
what if someone took your greatest insecurities and body image fears , and voiced them out loud ? known for its empowering campaigns and championing of real women , dove has taken a more brutal approach in its latest advertisement. scroll down for video. for the new one beautiful thought ad campaign , dove asked a group of women to write down every thought they had about themselves. the women filled in a notebook each , and handed it back to dove. created in france , dove asked a group of women - all beautiful and impeccably chic - to write down every thought they had about themselves in a notebook.
keith curle tells the kind of stories about management that might explain why retiring players are stampeding towards the pundits ' couch. the carlisle manager loves a job that over the years has seen him break and rebuild a toilet , man a hose and pay salaries from his own pocket. ` it gets me out of bed. ' but there is no escaping the fact that curle is in a shrinking minority , being one of only four managers in the country 's top 92 clubs who has played for england. it seems that talking about the game is more appealing to former players than a life orchestrating it -- easier money , less time and pressure.
a texas university that booked matthew mcconaughey as its may commencement speaker has broken the silence on the texas-born actor 's speaking fee. the university of houston said in a statement tuesday that it was paying mcconaughey speaking fees totaling $ 135,000 plus travel expenses , as well as a $ 20,250 commission to the celebrity talent international booking agency engaged by the university. got $ 135,000 : a texas university that booked matthew mcconaughey as its may commencement speaker has broken the silence on the texas-born actor 's speaking fee. the university initially balked at revealing mcconaughey 's fee , citing a confidentiality agreement with the booking agency.
faithless ' dance anthem ` insomnia ' booms out seconds before games at fulham , and it 's rather apt for kit symons. his sleepless nights must be becoming all the more frequent as these haunting weeks go by. those fans will quite rightly point to the fact their side were out-played for large parts against rotherham , a club with a far inferior budget and experience at this level. they are losing faith in their manager , even though fulham should retain their championship status from here. ross mccormack -lrb- left -rrb- pokes home the equaliser but fulham were unable to push on for the winner.
shamed newsman brian williams 's lied in his reporting to make himself look good at least 11 times , an internal investigation has reportedly found. the total , cited in media reports about the secretive investigation , would mean the trail of deceit from the fallen face of nbc 's nightly news goes far deeper than previously reported. lies on lies : williams , pictured above during his last nightly news broadcast before being suspended , embellished at least 11 different reports , an internal investigation has reportedly found. iraq shame : williams fell from grace after veterans called him out after he lied about being on board a u.s. military chopper which was hit by a rocket-propelled grenade , but miraculously managed to land.
david templeton has delivered a damning critique of the training-ground methods deployed at rangers by ally mccoist and kenny mcdowall. the ibrox winger claimed stuart mccall had brought a brand of coaching and tactical preparation he felt was lacking under the previous management. templeton praised the impact the former motherwell boss has made since his arrival on a short-term deal last month , with back-to-back wins having revived confidence ahead of saturday 's home meeting with championship title-winners hearts. rangers winger david templeton is full of praise for the impact of new boss stuart mccall. ` we 're being coached more and , building up to games , we 're working on different formations , which players are going to play , movements , all different stuff , like most teams probably do.
a grandfather who could n't afford his own cruiser has come up with an innovative solution - putting his caravan on a boat and taking it out on the water. peter thurston , 80 , takes his vessel , dubbed the ` catamavan ' , out on the river swale in kent regularly and enjoys the views of the countryside. bizarre : this ` catamavan ' , a cross between a boat and a caravan , has been spotted on the river swale in kent. the catamavan has an oven , fridge freezer , shower , toilet , double bed and two tables , and it is fitted with a small engine that reaches four knots.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- it all started by looking up. during an expedition through the brittany region on the west coast of france , photographer fabien le coq noticed an unusual tree. he positioned himself at the base of the tree and turned his camera upward , filling the frame with the trunk and its spindly branches. i stayed for hours looking around , taking some pictures and i found myself lying down under the tree. the tree 's branches were rising as if to touch the sky. '' this was the start of the photo series `` treesome , '' an embodiment of le coq 's unique way of interacting with the world around him.
ahead of this weekend 's premier league action , sportsmail will be providing you with all you need to know about every fixture , with team news , provisional squads , betting odds and opta stats. here is all the information you need for manchester united 's home clash with manchester city ... manchester united vs manchester city -lrb- old trafford -rrb-. manchester united. manchester united have chris smalling back in contention after illness but luke shaw will not feature after a hamstring injury and fellow defender jonny evans is banned. striker robin van persie will not be risked after ankle trouble , while midfielder andreas pereira is on brazil under 20 duty.
the shepherd 's life : a tale of the lake district. i did n't want to be one of those townies who moves to the country but remains ignorant of rural ways , so i made sporadic efforts to get to know them , or at least , to get to understand life on a sheep farm. this wonderful book has filled in most of the gaps in my education , without any 4.30 am alarm calls. james rebanks studied at the university of oxford before returning to his roots in the lake district , he is seen here with his sheep on his farm outside of penrith in cumbria.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- the new emojis are here ! on thursday , apple released a new version of its mobile operating system that includes more diversity than ever when it comes to the race , ethnicity and sexual orientation of its emojis -- those cute little images that users can insert into text messages or emails when words alone just wo n't cut it. rather they are seen as recognition that their own ethnicity , sexual orientation , race or even hair color is part of mainstream america -- despite what others might say. this matters in a digital age where texting is how most people communicate and represent themselves dozens -- if not hundreds -- of times every day.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- just about now , north korea 's enigmatic ruler was expected to be preparing to emerge from his fortified country for a visit to moscow to join celebrations next week marking the 70th anniversary of the end of world war ii in europe. after all , this was to have been kim 's first official international trip since he came to power in 2011 following his father 's death , and it would have provided a fascinating opportunity for the world to get a closer look at a young leader and a regime still largely shrouded in mystery.
the age-old ghost town of balestrino was captured in all its spooky wonder by a drone. the ancient tuscan settlement , based 40 miles south east of genoa , is shrouded in mystery with its origin and much of its history remaining unknown. scroll down for video. little is known about the origin or history of the ancient tuscan town that dates back to the 11th century a.d. residents were forced to flee their homes in the town more than 60 years ago , with seismic instability noted as a main reason for the mass abandonment. a number of historical earthquakes , including one in 1887 that measured 6.7 on the richter scale , caused severe damage to the settlement 's infrastructure.
at last , after months of grey skies and miserable weather , the sun is out. if you are looking to celebrate the wonderfully balmy weather by taking a dip , there are a few places you could try. lidos , which are seeing a resurgence as more money is ploughed into renovation and redecoration , are a good first port of call. in response to extra demand , many pools are extending their opening hours in line with the weather or organising late night swimming slots for busy workers. scroll down for video. if you are looking to celebrate this wonderfully balmy weather by taking a dip , there are lots of places to try.
he 's all three emergency services rolled into one. andrew hichens has become the first person to be trained and equipped as a so-called first responder to all types of 999 call. mr hichens , 28 , will be working with one pc and two police community service officers in hayle in western cornwall where the emergency services have been brought together under one roof. new role : father-of-two mr hichens has taken up his unique role in hayle in western cornwall. as ` tri-service safety officer ' , he does not have the power to make arrests and will mostly be patrolling his beat and spreading safety messages while on hand to respond to most 999 calls.
norfolk , virginia -lrb- cnn -rrb- the second mate of the houston express probably could n't believe what he was seeing. the crew of the 1,000-foot long container ship thought it was a yacht that had wrecked. `` he was moving , walking around , waving to us and in surprisingly good condition , '' capt. thomas grenz told cnn by phone friday. that man , louis jordan , 37 , had an amazing story. he 'd been drifting on the 35-foot pearson sailboat for more than two months since leaving conway , south carolina , to fish in the ocean.
england 's top three are exceptional players but the issue is that they are very one-paced and when the west indies bowling was so disciplined , that became a problem on the first morning of the first test. it is ok batting the way england did if they had got through to lunch on 60 without loss , but they will be exposed against better teams than west indies , like australia , if they crash to 34 for three in the first session as they did here. but now i appreciate the need to entertain as well and the way the top three go about things might become a bit monotonous.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- james best , best known for his portrayal of bumbling sheriff rosco p. coltrane on tv 's `` the dukes of hazzard , '' died monday after a brief illness. best died in hospice in hickory , north carolina , of complications from pneumonia , said steve latshaw , a longtime friend and hollywood colleague. although he 'd been a busy actor for decades in theater and in hollywood , best did n't become famous until 1979 , when `` the dukes of hazzard 's '' cornpone charms began beaming into millions of american homes almost every friday night.
radio host mel greig , who once hit the headlines for her involvement in an infamous royal prank call , has started a personal crusade to help remove the stigma attached with ivf treatment. on wednesday , mel posted a blog post on her website titled ` are we embarrassed of ivf ? ' where she detailed how she was undergoing the treatment , and that it was nothing for women to be ashamed of. ' she also uploaded photographs of injecting herself for the first time as she began her ivf program. mel greig spoke on her blog about how she was now starting ivf treatment.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- a trip to a former heavyweight champ 's gaudy , abandoned mansion. the tallest and fastest `` giga-coaster '' in the world. these are some of the best videos of the week :. in the 1980s and '90s -- before he moved to vegas and started keeping tigers as pets -- former heavyweight boxer mike tyson lived in a southington , ohio , mansion. the home featured an indoor swimming pool , a marble-and-gold jacuzzi -lrb- with mirrored ceiling , naturally -rrb- and an entertainment room large enough for small concerts. tyson sold the house in 1999 ; it 's due to become , of all things , a church.
instead of attempting to sleep curled up in an uncomfortable chair under strobe lighting , long-haul travellers have never had more choice when it comes to making the most of a layover. from sun salutations in san francisco to drinking at a swim-up bar in a hot spring in iceland , airports are offering ever more diverse activities , and can be the gate-way to some of the world 's most incredible attractions. here , mail online travel reveals the best - and most bizarre things you can do with a couple of spare hours at an airport. while firearms are prohibited , hunting fans can practise archery deer hunting at pittsburgh international airport.
simon wood , 38 , from oldham won masterchef last friday. wannabe chefs with their eye on a career as the next gordon ramsay or jamie oliver should take note - it does n't have to cost a fortune. the new winner of masterchef simon wood , who won the title last friday , has n't been on a single cookery course or even had one lesson. everything the 38 year old knows about cooking is self-taught - learnt form reading recipe books or watching television shows. you can achieve anything if you try hard enough and you 're passionate enough.
however this steep-walled phenomena is located in japan and attracts visits from thousands of tourists annually - with the number predicted to rise this year. the tateyama kurobe alpine route opened to the public on today and allows tourists to view the spectacular snow-walled passageway along the 1000ft section. walled wonder ! the tateyama kurobe alpine route opened for visitors today , with tourists marvelling at the 65ft high walls. the murodo-daira area of tateyama unsurprisingly experiences one of the heaviest snowfalls in the world , with the 65ft walls being created every year , and then melting by july. the impressive route opened in 1971 and usually draws about a million visitors every year although numbers have failed to reach that figure in the last few years.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- misao okawa , the world 's oldest person according to guinness world records , has died at the age of 117. okawa passed away wednesday morning in osaka , japan , tadahi uchimura , a local official from the city told cnn. okawa was born on march 5 , 1898. her family ran a kimono shop in osaka , satoshi yoshioka , an employee at the nursing home where she had lived since 1997 told cnn. her favorite food was sushi and udon noodles , '' yoshioka said. `` she had eaten a lot of cake for her birthday last march 5.
frankie dettori made it six winners in four days as well as three flying dismounts with a treble at newbury on saturday centred around a neck success on charlie hills-trained greenham stakes winner muhaarar. frankie dettori leaps from his mount after riding muhaarar to win the aon greenham stakes at newbury. dettori rides mr singh to win the al basti equiworld maiden stakes at newbury racecourse. thursday 's announcement that dettori 's boss sheik joaan al thani had signed up gregory benoist to ride the french-based horses in his expanding string , means the 44-year-old italian can concentrate on britain. so far , dettori has been mopping them up.
the 21-year-old became somewhat infamous late last year for video of him screaming ' i do n't like mens no more - i like women , women , women ! ' after a pastor at an evangelical megachurch claimed to have cured his homosexuality. but he says he was attacked by an employee at a froyo in delmar on wednesday after the cashier recognized him. he ended up completely doused in his own dessert at the counter. ' scroll down for video. unhappy viewer : this is the moment st. louis froyo cashier stephanie diaz -lrb- green shirt -rrb- throws a bowl of yogurt in the face of andrew caldwell , a man who found internet fame for saying god cured his homosexuality.
a mutilated fox : hardly the most glamorous prop ashley james has ever posed with , but in this case , that is precisely the point. the former made in chelsea star has joined forces with animal rights crusaders peta on a hard-hitting anti-fur campaign directed at harvey nichols after the national department store abandoned its ten-year anti-fur policy. scroll down for video. dark : the former made in chelsea star has joined forces with animal rights crusaders peta on a hard-hitting anti-fur campaign directed at harvey nichols after it abandoned its fur-free policy - -lrb- the fox is n't real -rrb-.
that was the surreal upshot of one of the shortest international matches in history on thursday night , when 22 women from england and norway 's under 19 sides got together for a couple of minutes of football. leah williamson stood up , a player for arsenal ladies but virtually anonymous in wider conversations about football. not anymore. leah williamson -lrb- centre -rrb- stepped up again to take the penalty during the 18-second rematch against norway. williamson went the same way as her successful spot-kick last saturday and found the net once again. norwegian goalkeeper oda marie hove bogstad was unable to stop williamson 's brilliant effort.
apple made significant improvements to the battery life of its iphone 6 and 6 plus , but they still fail to last more than a full day with typical usage. to address these issues , the tech giant is recruiting for battery and power software experts. at least nine job listings have been spotted on the firm 's official recruitment site as the company looks to boost the battery across its range of mobiles and laptops. fan site appleinsider has spotted nine job listings on apple 's official recruitment site in the past month that relate to batteries. in particular , the ios software power systems engineer role said the successful candidate ` will be working on design and development of software for triage of battery life issues , modeling of power consumed by different parts of the system , and analytics to understand large scale battery life trends.
surgeons are calling for the rules on laser eye surgery to be strengthened after an apparent rise in patients receiving substandard care. a private hospital in harley street says that increasing numbers of people are seeking its help after being given bad advice or poor treatment elsewhere. a leading private eye hospital is calling for tighter regulations on laser eye surgery after noting a rise in the number of people who have been given inaccurate information or poor care. up to 120,000 britons have laser eye surgery each year to correct long and short-sightedness , and almost one in 20 of them suffer some sort of complication.most operations are done privately , with patients paying up to # 5,000 to have both eyes corrected.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- you probably never knew her name , but you were familiar with her work. betty whitehead willis , the designer of the iconic `` welcome to fabulous las vegas '' sign , died over the weekend. willis played a major role in creating some of the most memorable neon work in the city. the neon museum also credits her with designing the signs for moulin rouge hotel and blue angel motel. willis visited the neon museum in 2013 to celebrate her 90th birthday. she retired at age 77.
atlanta -lrb- cnn -rrb- a judge , declaring he was n't `` comfortable '' with seven-year prison terms given earlier to three educators in the atlanta public schools cheating scandal , on thursday reduced their sentences to three years in prison. `` i 'm not comfortable with it , '' fulton county superior court judge jerry baxter said of the sentences he handed down to the three defendants april 14. '' tamara cotman , sharon davis-williams and michael pitts also were ordered thursday to serve seven years on probation , pay $ 10,000 fines and work 2,000 hours in community service.
the florida mailman who caused a major security scare when he landed his gyro-copter on the us capitol lawn on wednesday afternoon was just seconds from being shot out of the sky. house homeland security panel chairman michael mccaul revealed that capitol authorities had doug hughes , 61 , in their sights and were prepared to open fire. it landed right in front , ' mccaul said about the flight which was undetected until authorities actually saw the craft approach. however , hughes claims he informed the secret service and capitol police of his potentially lethal stunt into the no-fly zone , which was designed to draw attention to campaign finance reform and government corruption.
it looks like an ordinary forest , with moss climbing up the walls and brown leaves covering the floor. the amazing illusion is the work of german body-painting artist joerg duesterwald , who spent hours painting his model so she would blend in with her surroundings. the stunning set of pictures was taken in a forest in langenfeld , germany , yesterday. mr duesterwald has been painting for more than 20 years. it looks like an ordinary forest , with moss climbing up the walls and brown leaves covering the floor - but , if you look closely , it is not as it seems.
nico rosberg is too polite to say what precisely he finds irritating about the team-mate with whom he is locked in the battle of his career. sitting in an air-conditioned room away from the dry heat of the bahrain paddock , he goes so far as to say this of lewis hamilton : ` i know exactly how he is functioning. i understand him really , really well. sometimes he annoys me. lewis hamilton waves after qualifying on pole position for the bahrain grand prix on saturday. hamilton 's mercedes team-mate nico rosberg was third six-tenths of a second behind hamilton.
i 'm actually in my last week of rehab at the moment , then i 'll transfer to normal training and introduce more cycling into my routine. the year has been so mentally and physically tough , but now i can finally look forward. sportsmail 's road to rio cyclist becky james is desperate to get back on to the track after her recent injuries. james , pictured during a fashion shoot in manchester , has been sidelined for a whole year. british cyclist james supported boyfriend george north during wales ' six nations campaign. of course , if i did n't have my national lottery funding i would n't be able to go through all this.
she may have been showcasing some serious hipster style on the streets of new york in recent weeks , but princess eugenie proves she can dress to impress too. the cousin of princes william and harry looked serene in a chic white dress with gold embellishment. princess eugenie looked glamorous at the for the love of cinema dinner in new york city on thursday during the tribeca film festival. wearing her hair in its signature sleek bob , the royal fashionista accessoried her outfit with a peach clutch and matching court shoes. princess eugenie mingled with a host of a-listers and film industry bigwigs at the event , which was also attended by dakota fanning.
scientists believe the first complex conversation between humans took place around 50,000 to 100,000 years ago. but in a new study , one linguist argues that human language developed rapidly with people quickly using complex sentences that sound like our own. scientists believe the first complex conversation between humans gradually took place around 50,000 to 100,000 years ago. much of it , they believe , still involved cavemen grunting , or hunter-gatherers mumbling and pointing , before learning to speak in a detailed way. ` the hierarchical complexity found in present-day language is likely to have been present in human language since its emergence , ' says shigeru miyagawa , professor of linguistics at massachusetts institute of technology.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- we might never truly comprehend what drove co-pilot andreas lubitz to crash germanwings flight 9525 into the french alps on march 24 , killing everyone on board. the latest report shows that he sped up the descent of the plane to its doom. as the investigation unfolds , we will learn more about to what extent lubitz kept his mental illness secret , or how much help he sought. how much did his battle with depression affect his fitness to fly ? should he have walked away from his job ? should his doctors have sounded alarm bells ? his case raises larger and important issues about people who are burdened with mental illness and the pressure of its stigma.
the biblical city has been a magnet for pilgrims devoted to several of the world 's faiths and religions , notably jews , christians and muslims. millions flock to the ancient , religious city every year. first identified in 2000 , psychologists noted religious pilgrims overcome with excitement at being in close proximity to the city 's holy places believed they were biblical characters. it is characterised by anxiety , agitation and nervousness. and sufferers are often consumed by a need to be clean , before donning a toga-like gown often made from hotel bed linen. jerusalem syndrome affects people visiting the holy city.
however , this did not appear to cross the mind of teenager lily sharp , who lives in the uk , when she decided to prank her own mother. rather than put a whoopie cushion on her chair or balance flower on top of a door , lily decided to amuse herself by faking her own kidnapping - any parents worse fear. as mean-spirited as the joke appeared , lily certainly took the steps in order to make the prank as convincing as possible. scroll down for video. lily sharp perhaps took a joke too far after convincing her own mother she had been kidnapped.
she 's one of the most glamorous royals on the planet and last night was no exception for spain 's queen letizia of spain. resplendent in a backless sequinned dress , the 42-year-old 's slender frame was clearly visible and a sharply defined set of muscles on show. who was making an appearance at the woman awards held at madrid casino , also used the occasion to début a sharp new bob haircut. scroll down for video. defined : spain 's queen letizia showed off a noticeably defined back during an appearance in madrid. backless : her low cut cocktail dress showed off every bone and muscle in her back.
a breakthrough has been made in the development of clean hydrogen power , scientists claim. at the moment , while hydrogen fuel is appealing , the production of hydrogen is incredible difficult - requiring huge amounts of energy. but the researchers say they have made a new material that can generate hydrogen from water , meaning it is less reliant on fossil fuels. hydrogen-fuel is appealing for use in cars like the vauxhall zafira minivan pictured , but producing hydrogen requires huge amounts of energy. researchers at the university of bath and yale university created the invention. it uses a newly designed molecular catalyst to split water in an electrolyser and create clean and storable hydrogen fuel.
tony pulis believes joey barton ` probably had a point ' when claiming west bromwich albion 's players 's *** themselves ' during defeat to queens park rangers earlier this season. in december west brom were two goals up but lost to a charlie austin hat-trick , leading to barton 's scathing judgement and plunging alan irvine to the brink of the sack. barton said then : ` west brom went 2-0 up and i turned to dunney -lrb- richard dunne -rrb- and said , ` they 've scored too early. ' tony pulis has admitted that joey barton ` probably had a point ' about west brom losing their cool.
a farmer from eastern china has found himself the talk of the country after one of his goats gave birth to a kid with six legs. the 20-day-old ` spider goat ' - as it has been -lrb- inaccurately -rrb- nicknamed by chinese web users - was born with four forelegs and two hind legs. xiao qibin , owner of the farm , said the baby goat is growing quickly and healthily with ` an extraordinary appetite ' , the people 's daily online reports. mr xiao started running his goat farm in chaohu in anhui province about a year ago and owns more than 400 goats.
high winds blowing sand across the united arab emirates have caused mayhem for people trying to travel and work in the country. scroll down for video. dubai 's large skyscrapers and tower blocks can barely be made out because of the sandstorm , which has seen visibility drops to less than 500 meters , while walkers have donned masks to protect their lungs. high winds have meant travel chaos on the roads and skies for people in dubai , as flights bound for the city 's international airport have had to be diverted because of the poor visibility. flights have been forced to divert and people are having to wear masks to protect their lungs if they walk outside in the gulf region.
gran canaria -- just off the coast of africa , yet still in europe -- is one of the most popular winter holiday retreats for britons. gareth huw davies visits the volcanic outpost in the atlantic , said by one scientist to enjoy the best climate in the world , and draws up his list of things to see and do ... golden opportunity : the glorious dunes at maspalomas , and , above right , santa ana cathedral in las palmas. is a design revolution brewing in the canary islands ? the apollo hotel , built at the dawn of the tourism boom in the resort of playa del ingles , has been entirely revamped as the swish , sumptuous , adults-only bohemia suites & spa.
jamie carragher believes brendan rodgers is still the right man to lead liverpool forward after a season with no trophies and a likely finish outside the top four. rodgers ' future at anfield has been questioned after a third straight season without a trophy , but the former liverpool defender backed the reds manager. speaking after collecting a beacon award for his community work on merseyside on tuesday , carragher said : ' i do n't think your whole future should be determined by one game. ' liverpool are seven points behind fourth placed manchester city with a game in hand and look set to miss out on champions league qualification for next season.
police have revealed that they believe missing toddler william tyrell may be alive , despite fears that he was abducted by a paedophile ring operating on the mid-north coast of nsw. just a day after william 's parents made an impassioned plea for the three-year-old to be returned to them , police have described the ` fast-paced ' investigation into the new line of inquiry. we have information that could link william 's disappearance to a group of people suspected of paedophile activity , ' said lead investigator detective inspector gary jubelin. scroll down for video. the parents of missing william tyrrell , who police now say may have been kidnapped by a paedophile ring , have revealed the moment they realised their son was missing.
ahead of this weekend 's premier league action , sportsmail will be providing you with all you need to know about every fixture , with team news , provisional squads , betting odds and opta stats. here is all the information you need for everton 's home clash with southampton ... everton vs southampton -lrb- goodison park -rrb-. everton. everton striker romelu lukaku will have a late fitness test on a hamstring problem ahead of the visit of southampton on saturday. the belgium international withdrew from the national squad because of the injury and needs to be assessed. everton 's romelu lukaku will be given a late fitness test for the home clash against southampton.
boris johnson admitted last night he hopes to be considered to lead the conservative party after david cameron. the london mayor , pressed on his leadership ambitions by sky news anchor kay burley , insisted the position would not become vacant for five years. ' scroll down for video. ambitious : boris johnson admitted last night he hopes to be considered to lead the conservative party after david cameron. above , the london mayor , left , joined the prime minister at a london nursery yesterday. mr johnson , running to become mp in uxbridge and south ruislip , has long been tipped as a future leader of the party , most recently by mr cameron.
louis van gaal blamed himself for manchester united finishing the game with 10 men , using all his substitutes before michael carrick came off as a precaution with a tight calf. ` some players did n't know that we were playing with 10 men because the crowd were yelling and it was difficult to get the message to them. ' manchester united manager louis van gaal -lrb- right -rrb- celebrates victory with ander herrera at full-time. an injured michael carrick walks along the touchline after coming off as a precaution with a tight calf. aguero 's quick-fire ton. it will come as little consolation to sergio aguero that he reached the 100-goal mark faster than any player in manchester city 's history with his double at old trafford.
harlequins director of rugby conor o'shea believes it is only a matter of time before marland yarde is restored to the england fold. yarde excelled in saturday 's roller-coaster aviva premiership victory over gloucester , scoring the crucial try in the 70th minute at the stoop. the 22-year-old wing won the last of his seven caps as a replacement last autumn , but was overlooked by england throughout the rbs 6 nations. harlequins winger charlie walker crosses for his side 's first try at the stoop. when we get back to winning he will get recognition again , ' o'shea said.
a mother who drove six children , including two of her own , to a residence just outside new orleans so they could fight another group of juveniles , resulting in one child being shot , has been arrested. police say 35-year-old lakenya hall , of kenner , drove the children to a fight just after 5pm wednesday after a previous fight at a bus stop. it was at that second location that a 14-year-old was shot in the upper thigh. lakenya hall -lrb- above -rrb- of kenner , lousiana was arrested after driving six children to a fight where one was shot.
an eight-year-old girl , who lost her leg in a terrible accident last year , has given her first solo dance performance since she became an amputee eleven months ago - earning a standing ovation for her moving routine. although the dancer , who has been taking lessons since she was four-years-old , had to have her right leg amputated below the knee , she was determined to get back in the dance studio as soon as possible. i do n't have part of my leg , but i ca n't let that stop me. ' scroll down for video. major inspiration : alissa sizemore can be seen dancing on a wooden bench during her first solo dance performance since she lost her leg in an accident last may.
plagued by a feeling something was n't right , student yamini karanam sought medical help. but the indiana university phd student could never have comprehended the source of the problem - an ` evil twin sister growing ' in her brain. surgeons operating to extract what they believed to be a tumour in her brain , were shocked to discover the growth was in fact an embryonic twin , complete with bone , hair and teeth. yamini karanam , 26 , a student at indiana university , was diagnosed with a pineal tumour in her brain after noticing she was struggling to comprehend things she had read , and felt lost in conversations.
she 's won the london marathon three times but this weekend paula radcliffe says she 'll be happy to finish at all regardless of her position. the 41-year-old mother-of-two has battled back from injury to take part in the 26.2 mile race in the capital and a result wo n't be running with the other female elites but with the masses. ' scroll down for video. paula radcliffe finishes the london marathon on sunday after running with the masses to bring down the curtain on her professional running career. paula was delighted she could return to london to run the marathon again.
on sunday night , at the stade velodrome , it 's the dockers against the dauphins. the home side are ligue 1 top scorers , two points behind the visitors who are leaders and have won seven of france 's last eight classique matches. paris saint-germain forward zlatan ibrahimovic controls the ball during their training session. psg defender david luiz , formerly of chelsea , pictured ahead of their clash with french rivals marseille. lucas moura runs during training as psg prepare to meet merseille on sunday night in ligue 1. the fixture between blue-collar marseille and money-bags psg guarantees ferocity on sunday night.
the mother of the man slain by aaron hernandez is moving forward with a civil lawsuit against him and her lawyer said the former new england patriots player will be called to testify at the trial. ursula ward , the mother of odin lloyd , wants to look hernandez in the eye when he testifies during the wrongful death suit. hernandez , who did not testify at his criminal trial and had a $ 40million contract , was convicted april 15 of first-degree murder for killing lloyd on june 17 , 2013. scroll down for video. suing her son 's murderer : ursula ward , the mother of odin lloyd , at a press conference on wednesday about the civil suit she has filed.
a video taken from the point of view of a train driver captures a ride on the highest railway in europe , the jungfrau. the time lapse footage speeds along the 9km long electrified track , which leads from kleine scheidegg to jungraujoch and stands at an elevation of 2061m and 3454m respectively. opening in a tunnel built into a swiss mountain , the train careers towards the light and out onto the snowy slopes to race alongside the many skiers. two people quickly cross the track in front of the train as it begins picking up speed and passes alongside a ledge that looks down on chalets below.
a property tycoon has admitted damaging the historic mansion house which inspired one of britain 's best-loved hymns by giving it a gaudy makeover. kim davies bought the elizabethan manor in rural wales where cecil frances alexander wrote the lyrics to all things bright and beautiful. but he then made dozens of illegal alterations , including installing a whirlpool bath with shiny mosaic tiles , crystal chandeliers and spotlights in the ceiling. alterations : kim davies has admitted illegally altering llanwenarth house by installing chandeliers and other gaudy modern touches. glitzy : davies installed a shiny mosaic bath in the house , and has now admitted breaking planning laws.
a drunk teenage boy had to be rescued by security after jumping into a lions ' enclosure at a zoo in western india. rahul kumar , 17 , clambered over the enclosure fence at the kamla nehru zoological park in ahmedabad , and began running towards the animals , shouting he would ` kill them '. next level drunk : intoxicated rahul kumar , 17 , climbed into the lions ' enclosure at a zoo in ahmedabad and began running towards the animals shouting ` today i kill a lion ! ' mr kumar had been sitting near the enclosure when he suddenly made a dash for the lions , surprising zoo security.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- in this holy week , let us be reminded of what the word of god says about fair and living wages. get rid of exploitation in the workplace ,. cancel debts. the mcdonald 's announcement that the company is going to raise wages for 90,000 of its employees is a significant victory for fast-food cooks and cashiers and those of us who support them. by standing up together , fast-food workers are making it less acceptable for profitable companies like mcdonald 's to pay wages so low that its workers are boxed into poverty. but this action , which would raise starting wages at 1,500 mcdonald 's - owned restaurants to at least $ 1 an hour more than the minimum wage set by local law , falls short in three important ways.
and today , the pulitzer prize for journalism went to the post and courier newspaper of charleston , south carolina - which has a tiny staff of just 80 and a daily circulation of 85,000. the paper 's powerful photo series entitled 'till death do us part , ' on domestic violence scooped the top award for its exploration into why south carolina is among the deadliest states for women. scroll down for video. winner : this iconic photo by new york times photographer daniel berehulak , was part of a winning series , and shows james dorbor , 8 , suspected of being infected with ebola , being carried by medical staff to an ebola treatment center in monrovia , liberia.
a brazilian model who shot to fame after winning the miss bumbum contest in 2014 has sparked outrage by posting a snap of her naked body painted with an image of the virgin mary to her instagram account , along with a special easter prayer. indianara carvalho , 23 - who had hymen surgery last year to ` restore ' her virginity so she could enjoy her first time all over again with ` someone special ' - accompanied the racy photo with the phrase : ` good friday. scroll down for video. sacrilegious ? indianara carvalho , 23 , accompanied the racy image -lrb- pictured -rrb- with the phrase , ` good friday.
anthony joshua stopped experienced american jason gavern in the third round on saturday night , but still was n't happy with his performance. gavern , in his 50th fight , was dropped twice in the second round and twice more in the third before the contest was waved off in newcastle. but joshua , who was returning from a five-month lay-off after suffering a stress fracture in his back , admitted he was not at his best. anthony joshua lands a left hand on jason gavern on his way to another convincing victory. ' i have boxed in glasgow , manchester , liverpool , london and i have to say newcastle is right up there with the crowd , so a big thank you to the fans tonight.
scroll down for video. chlorine gas -- carried by favourable winds over flanders fields from german positions -- sowed terror and agony for the first time on april 22 , 1915. above , german red cross workers carry bottles of water to help revive troops. it is indiscriminate , ' said piet chielens , curator at the in flanders fields museum in nearby ypres. ' the chlorine seeped into body fluids and ate away at eyes , throat and lungs. some 1,200 french soldiers were killed in the chaos of that first five-minute gas attack. ` you drown in your own lungs , ' chielens added.
five baggage handlers have been sacked by saudi arabian airlines after a video showing passengers ' luggage being carelessly tossed onto a conveyor belt caused outrage online. the 90-second clip was filmed by a witness in an indoor area restricted to workers at king khalid international airport in riyadh. it shows two male employees in blue uniforms recklessly hurling large suitcases onto the belt and against a wall as they unload a truck. it is not clear if the person who filmed the shocking moment on a mobile phone is a colleague. as the video begins it shows one man throwing a large suitcase , which lands on the belt with a heavy thud.
the world 's biggest bunny is preparing to see his heavyweight title challenged - by his giant son. darius , who measures over four feet long and weighs in at a whopping three and a half stone , is officially the world 's biggest rabbit. scroll down for video. new contender : jeff the rabbit , pictured with his owner annette edwards , measures 3ft 8in long and is set to challenge for the title of the world 's biggest bunny. the rabbits ' owner , annette edwards , 63 , from bromsgrove , says she looks forward to the day when jeff dwarfs his father.
an ohio woman was shocked this month when an officer cited her for leaving her dog in a hot car but , instead of writing a ticket , the cop forced her to sit inside to see how it feels. the strongsville pet owner was inside a walmart as the dog sat in the parking lot. the officer then had the woman sit inside with the windows up and ignition off. in the recent ohio incident , the woman was left ` looking uncomfortable ' as she sat in her unventilated nissan sentra , but drove away with just a warning and her tail between her legs.
it first became the capital of myanmar a decade ago , after the government decided to move the capital from yangon -lrb- also known as rangoon -rrb- with minimal explanation. since then , although developed to be the size of 120 manhattans and to have space for up to one million residents , it remains a relative ghost town. scroll down for video. myanmar 's newly-built capital city , naypyidaw , is shrouded in secrecy , after the government decided to move the capital from yangon. built mainly for government staff , locals only come to live in the city , which looks more like no man 's land than a booming metropolis , if they need to for work.
expectant mom ambermarie irving-elkins felt a few contractions on thursday morning but thought she had enough time to run a few last errands before the arrival of her baby. she was in the stanley mosk courthouse in los angeles to pay a fine on thursday when she suddenly knew he was coming - and there was no way she 'd make it to hospital in time. scroll down for video. surprise : baby malachi elkins was born in the hallways in a los angeles courthouse on thursday morning as his mother , ambermarie irving-elkins , was there to pay a fine.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- three british citizens arrested in the united arab emirates after they were found plane spotting near fujairah airport are to be released monday , their lawyer , nasser al-hashem , tells cnn. the three have been in jail since february 22. no charges were filed , there will be no travel ban , and the men will not face deportation , he said. conrad clitheroes , 54 , and gary cooper , 45 , were on a five-day visit to the uae from manchester when they were arrested. the third man , neil munro , is a british national who lives in the uae.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- a gunman walked into a building on the campus of wayne community college in goldsboro , north carolina , on monday and shot the school 's print shop operator , killing him , authorities said. the school was placed on lockdown , and the gunman remains at large. all buildings have been cleared , maj. tom effler of the wayne county sheriff 's office said. the victim , ron lane , was a longtime employee. the suspected gunman , identified by law enforcement as 20-year-old kenneth morgan stancil iii , worked at one time for the victim and is a former student at the school.
after its name was booted from science books for more than a century , a new study suggests that the brontosaurus belongs to its own genera , and therefore deserves its own name. o.c. marsh first named the brontosaurus in 1879 , after he received 25 crates of bones discovered at como bluff , wyoming , according to the yale peabody museum of natural history. similar to , though not as large as the apatosaurus discovered a couple of years prior , marsh named the dinosaur , `` brontosaurus , '' or `` thunder lizard. '' apatosaurus had three sacral vertebrae in its hip region and brontosaurus had five , according to the museum 's website , so marsh gave the dinosaurs two different names.
bitten : austin hatfield , 18 , found the venomous water moccasin , also known as a cottonmouth , near his wimauma home last week -lrb- pictured is hatfield with the snake that is believed to have bit him -rrb-. a florida teen who kept a deadly wild snake in his bedroom as a pet and bragged about how many times he 'd kissed it was bitten on the mouth and rushed to the hospital saturday. austin hatfield , 18 , found the venomous water moccasin , also known as a cottonmouth , near his wimauma home last week. ` we was sitting in the kitchen and he ran out of the room saying hospital , hospital.
a science lecturer determined to teach people about different brain regions has shaved her head during an educational video. a graduate student then uses an electronic razor to shave the rest off , with piles of hair left on a bench in front of a projector. the short video was posted on the scientist 's brain talks website , which is designed to teach people about the different methods of studying the brain. ` there is a lot of silly stuff about the human mind on the web that misses out on the real science - and that is a shame because the real science is just as exciting.
pretty spot : queen victoria spent her holidays in osborne house on the isle of wight. ` it is impossible to imagine a prettier spot , ' queen victoria said of her holiday residence , osborne house on the isle of wight. it was at the beach there that she would take to the sea in her wooden bathing machine , and that all of her children learned to swim. she would travel to portsmouth by train and then by ferry to ryde. from ryde there was a railway line that passed not far from osborne house but the nearest station was at wootton , more than two miles from the property.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- a mammoth wave of snow darkens the sky over everest base camp. appearing like a white mushroom cloud roaring over the climbers , they scurry as their tents flap like feathers in the wind. `` whoa ! whoa ! '' screams and expletives are heard. the few people in the video scatter and dive into a tent as the deluge of snow falls over them. cursing and breathing heavily , they wait until the pounding is over. nearly 4,000 dead in nepal earthquake. when they finally emerge from their avalanche ordeal , their faces are scarlet and their bodies crusted in snow.
badou jack outpointed anthony dirrell on friday night at the uic pavilion to take the wbc super-middleweight title , setting up a fight with mandatory challenger george groves. jack , the las vegas-based swede who fights under the banner of floyd mayweather jr. 's promotion company , connected with a big one-two combination in the ninth round and forced the fight inside on a tiring dirrell -lrb- 27-1-1 -rrb-. badou jack -lrb- left -rrb- connects with anthony dirrell during the wbc world super-middleweight title fight. jack holds his belt after beating dirrell on friday night at the uic pavilion in chicago , illinois.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- people magazine has anointed sandra bullock the world 's most beautiful woman of 2015 , the publication revealed on wednesday. bullock , 50 , joins a long line of actresses to receive the honor , including last year 's cover girl , lupita nyong ` o , and gwyneth paltrow in 2013. `` no , be a good person ; be a good mom ; do a good job with the lunch ; let someone cut in front of you who looks like they 're in a bigger hurry. the people i find most beautiful are the ones who are n't trying.
floyd mayweather v manny pacquiao will be the biggest fight of all time financially and the most significant this century. where money man v pacman comes to rank among the most important fights in ring history will depend upon what happens that coming night in the mgm grand garden arena. in this , the sixth in a series of 12 fights that shaped boxing history , i recall when a hard man could take no more ... the no mas fight. sugar ray leonard v roberto duran. the first two of the three fights between the sugar man and hands of stone raised the curtain on what is considered the golden age of boxing in the classic middling weights of boxing , with ray leonard , roberto duran , thomas hearns and marvin hagler engaging each other in some of the ring 's epic battles.
a jealous woman in a love triangle allegedly kidnapped her lover 's other girlfriend and her two-year-old son last week - sparking an amber alert and a statewide manhunt across washington for the child last week. alyssa marie chang , 56 , was furious with the mother of little ronnie tran because she thought that the woman had been circulating doctored photos of their mutual lover in ` compromising sexual positions , ' police say. when the woman refused , chang allegedly shocked the woman with the taser , according to police. authorities say chang then allegedly kidnapped the woman and ronnie and took them to a home in des moines , washington.
who can resist boden 's bright knits and floral prints ? i most certainly ca n't writes clare goldwin. well , not when it comes to my seven-year-old , ella , anyway. for years , i 've happily forked out on pricey but irresistibly cute items for her from mini boden. but when it comes to buying clothes from boden for myself , i 've always steered clear. clare goldwin -lrb- pictured -rrb- admits that she will sometimes fork out for boden 's brightly printed clothes for her daughter but not herself as she does n't want to be labelled a boden ` yummy mummy ' who wants to be labelled a boden ` yummy mummy ' at 50 paces , and bump into countless other mothers in identical uniforms on the school-run ? for many years , boden -- which launched in 1991 -- made a success of its appeal to the ` sloane ' market.
the girlfriend of a google engineer who died in the deadly avalanche on mount everest described him as a magical person whose purpose in life was to constantly challenge himself. the arkansas-native is one of four americans confirmed to have died when an earthquake hit nepal on saturday , causing a tsunami of snow and ice to engulf the base camp. he was one of the four american citizens to die at mount everest during the deadly avalanche on saturday. arenson revealed that the google engineer and arkansas-native wanted to return to mount everest following the devastation of the avalanche last year - when 16 people were killed.
but these giant arrows , which can measure up to 70ft in length , are actually a forgotten remnant of a bygone age. dotted among scrubland , placed in seemingly random spots , these huge arrows were once markers for early airmail flights across the us - forming the first land-based navigation system in the world. a huge concrete arrow is found in perfect condition in bloomington , washington county , utah. the bloomnigton arrow was one of 102 found by retired couple brian and charlotte smith , who have travelled across the us to photograph the monuments. the concrete arrows were placed at the base of lit beacons near airways , showing pilots the direction they needed to fly in to reach the next stop-off to deliver mail.
she 's just days away from giving birth but , as ever , the duchess of cambridge refused to let her style icon status slip during her second pregnancy. rather than swaddling her growing bump under baggy dresses , the 33-year-old dressed to impress every time she stepped out. but while mulberry coats and alexander mcqueen gowns did creep in , much of kate 's pregnancy wardrobe came from the high street. scroll down for video. from a # 35 asos polka-dot dress to seraphine shifts , the duchess is proof that you do n't have to splash out to look gorgeous while expecting.
two hours before the miami open semifinal , novak djokovic practiced his returns in an empty stadium , the ball coming at him quickly because his hitting partner stood three feet inside the baseline to emulate big-serving john isner. the drill helped. djokovic achieved a breakthrough service break against isner and won friday night , 7-6 -lrb- 3 -rrb- , 6-2. ` he 's probably the best server we have in the game , ' djokovic said. ' novak djokovic beat john isner in straight sets to reach the finalof the miami open on friday night. the no 1-seeded djokovic closed to within one win of his fifth key biscayne title and will face andy murray.
dr habeeb latheef is accused of sexually assaulting three women patients during consultations. a married doctor sexually assaulted three female patients while pretending to carry out medical tests , a court heard yesterday. instead the family gp allegedly unzipped his trousers and placed his penis in their grip. the patients had booked appointments with the indian-born doctor to deal with back pain and pins and needles. one of the women suspected he was also using his penis and turned to see him bent over and doing up his zip. the alleged offences came to light in december 2011 when a 37-year-old patient contacted police an hour after her appointment with latheef.
from the moment he emerged as a raw youngster in the england team you could see that. england have always produced swing bowlers but not one with anderson 's skills. he knew what he was doing , too , as soon as he came into the england side ahead of the 2003 world cup. jimmy anderson edged closer to sir ian botham 's record for england 's leading wicket-taker in tests. there have been a lot of english cricketers over the years who need telling what to do but jimmy is stubborn and i like that. anderson celebrates the dismissal of devon smith on day two in antigua , his 381st test wicket.
a police officer in toronto , ontario , has dyed his hair hot pink in order to protest against homophobia , discrimination and any acts of bullying towards lgbt people. in celebration of canada 's day of pink , an annual event aimed at raising more awareness and understanding about the lgbt community , police officer ryan willmer posted a picture of his fellow police officer luke watson on twitter , promising that a series of images of luke with pink hair would follow , if the first image was retweeted 500 times. tickled : toronto officer luke watson was more than happy to sport his new hot pink hair in support of the day of pink event held on april 8 across canada.
tiger woods has revealed his wrist bone popped out after he swung and hit a tree root during the final round of the masters on sunday. the 39-year-old was on the ninth hole when he found himself 470 yards away from the pin with the ball nestled in pine straws. however when he followed through , the four-time champion at augusta slammed the club into a root , causing him to wince and grab his hand in agony. tiger woods looks in agony after his club came into contact with a tree root on the ninth hole at augusta. the 39-year-old is clearly in agony as he is forced to drop his club on the follow through.
but the vintage eyewear may be set to make a comeback in a new hi-tech form , because bmw mini has produced concept smart specs to give drivers super-human powers such as x-ray-like vision. bmw group 's answer to google glass is designed to let drivers of its mini model see pop-up virtual displays for directions and other features -- and the elvis-esque glasses can also be worn out of the car. vintage driving goggles may be set to make a comeback , because bmw mini has produced concept smart specs -lrb- pictured -rrb- to give drivers super-human powers in the car.
a girl who believed she had a bad hangover was found to have 13 blood clots in her lungs. but when the 25-year-old started coughing up blood she knew it was something serious. she rushed to hospital , where doctors found 13 pulmonary embolisms , blood clots blocking the main artery of her lungs , killing the tissue and stopping her from breathing properly. she was treated with medication but , incredibly , a year later was dealt another blow -- when medics found another melon-sized blockage in her right lung. holly barber , 25 , was horrified to be told she had 13 blood clots in her lungs as she believed she was suffering was just a bad hangover.
abc is filming a proof of concept for a revival of `` the muppets , '' the hollywood reporter has learned. `` the big bang theory '' co-creator bill prady is co-writing the script for a pilot presentation that sources say could be unspooled at may 's upfront presentation to madison avenue advertisers. bob kushell -lrb- `` anger management , '' `` 3rd rock from the sun '' -rrb- will also co-write and is attached to serve as showrunner , with wilfred 's randall einhorn attached to exec produce and direct the presentation. abc 's `` muppets '' revival is being produced by abc studios and the muppet studios , which disney owns.
this is the moment a clumsy baby elephant took a tumble as he rushed to catch up with his mother as she crossed a road. the cute calf had been taking a stroll through the bush with his mother at idube game reserve in south africa. careful ! a clumsy elephant takes a tumble as he rushes to catch up with his mother as she crosses the road. but when the baby elephant rushed to catch her up he appeared to get his leg caught in the grass. the clumsy little one stumbled as he stepped down onto the path and struggled to regain his balance.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- it 's a warm afternoon in miami , and 35-year-old emanuel vega has come to baptist health primary care for a physical exam. dr. mark caruso shakes his hand with a welcoming smile. it is free to him under his insurance policy with no co-pay , as most preventive care is under the affordable care act. vega is one of more than 44 million americans who is taking part in a medical ritual : visiting the doctor for an annual physical exam. caruso listens to vega 's heart and lungs , checks his pulse in his ankles and feels around his lymph nodes.
josh warrington will be accompanied into the ring by vinnie jones on saturday as he boxes in front of 10,000 passionate fans in leeds. the featherweight is quickly becoming one of britain 's best-supported fighters and will have his eye on a world title in the next 12 months. justin bieber -lrb- left -rrb- and lil wayne enter the ring with floyd mayweather before he fought canelo alvarez at the mgm grand in las vegas in september 2013. bieber joins mayweather after the us fighter beat alvarez to retain his belts during the title fight. former oasis frontman liam gallagher lifts the championship belt of ricky hatton in november 2008.
a brother and sister who had n't seen each other for 16 years have been reunited after they were matched unwittingly on tinder. erik de vries , 24 , and josephine egberts , 22 , were separated back in 1999 after their parents ' messy break-up , after which their father took erik and his twin brother maarten to belgium and their mother stayed with josephine in their native netherlands , reports datingsitekiezen. despite erik and maarten 's best efforts to later track down their sister , it was only after erik moved back to the netherlands , joined tinder and swiped ` right ' on josephine 's profile that they were reunited - but the penny did n't drop straight away.
a premature baby , born weighing a tiny 558 grams , astounded doctors by being able to go home almost five months after a medically complicated birth. the parents of etienne gould nunan , who was born at melbourne 's monash hospital in july last year , have praised medical staff for taking care of their son who came into the world not breathing , with a hole in his heart and a brain bleed. literally a few hours after i met him for the first time , the doctors said he was n't going to make it , ' his mother carman gould , who had an emergency caesarean at just 26 weeks , told nine news.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- was it politics or something else ? no one is sure , but the headstone of hillary clinton 's father , hugh rodham , was found tipped over this week , just a couple of days after she announced her run for the white house. '' mcgloin said he 's tended to the grave site at the washburn street cemetery in scranton , pennsylvania , since rodham was buried there in 1993. police are investigating , but no other headstones were knocked over. police chief carl graziano told the scranton times-tribune that he suspects vandalism. still , police will look into the possibility that it was weather-related.
thousands of sea creatures are on display when guests book themselves into one of two visually stunning underwater hotel rooms at the five-star atlantis , the palm resort in dubai. with enough room for five guests , the underwater suites -- poseidon and neptune -- boast floor-to-ceiling views directly into the ambassador lagoon aquarium , which holds 65,000 marine animals , from the master bedrooms and bathrooms -- creating the illusion of being under the sea. scroll down for video. atlantis , the palm 's underwater suites boast floor-to-ceiling views directly into an aquarium from the master bedrooms and bathrooms. thousands of sea creatures are on display when guests book themselves into one of two visually stunning underwater hotel rooms.
manchester united players hung a fake bird above ashley young 's peg in the dressing room after a bird pooed in his mouth during a top-flight match , luke shaw has revealed. as united kicked off their premier league season with a match against swansea in august , young received a surprise delivery from a bird mid-match , much to the amusement of his team-mates , who took advantage of the situation. speaking exclusively to match of the day magazine , shaw said : ` ashley young is the joker in the dressing room. manchester united left back luke shaw -lrb- second left -rrb- trains at the club 's aon complex on friday.
q : i have been suffering from mouth ulcers for the past five months and feel i 'm living on bonjela and mouthwash. a : mouth ulcers may seem like a minor ailment but can actually be incredibly distressing. the pain can severely impact on quality of life , as eating and drinking are significantly affected. as many as 20 per cent of people suffer with the occasional single mouth ulcer and these are of no consequence. they are usually shallow and occur on the tongue or inside the lip or cheek. these small painful ulcers usually last no more than ten days and require no treatment.
there are moments when falcao sets off on those delayed runs in the bright red shirt of manchester united and it all comes flooding back. he made his name with porto , adding to his allure with those darting runs across opposition defences for atletico madrid and monaco during five glorious years in european football. chelsea away is a tough one to come into ; thrown into the team to start at the barclays premier league leaders because louis van gaal was short of bodies. radamel falcao strikes for goal but his effort is thwarted by chelsea goalkeeper thibaut cortois. falcao competes for a high ball with chelsea centre back gary cahill at stamford bridge.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- it 's one of the most famous faces in history , even though no one really knows what he looked like. instead , every culture , every generation , remakes jesus in its own image. an androgynous , meek-and-mild messiah during the anything-goes 1970s. a studly action-figure hero after the attacks of september 11 , 2001. if not following all of history 's clues -- hollywood has yet to cast an actual jew as jesus -- then at least inching closer. flipping through the channels on a day millions of western christians celebrated the resurrection of their savior , viewers could choose from `` killing jesus , '' a natgeo production rebroadcast sunday on fox.
christian benteke 's hat-trick secured a vital point for aston villa in a thrilling game against relegation rivals qpr. here , sportsmail 's laurie whitwell takes us through the player ratings from tuesday night 's match at villa park ... aston villa 4-4-2 -lrb- diamond -rrb-. brad guzan 6. leandro bacuna 5.5. aston villa full-back leandro bacuna -lrb- left -rrb- tussles for the ball with qpr midfielder sandro -lrb- right -rrb- at villa park. qpr midfielder matty phillips -lrb- centre -rrb- dribbles forward with the ball as fabien delph -lrb- right -rrb- gives chase. ron vlaar 5.5. gave austin too much space for his strike and looked a little rusty after his spell out.
the owner of five horses rescued from rising flood waters during this week 's storm of a decade in new south wales has revealed the amazing lengths her brother-in-law went to over six terrifying hours to save her horses. steve spowart dived down into the freezing cold water to cut the barbed wire and free the horses that had become tangled in fences amidst the floods. ` steve was cutting the wire , he had to dive right down into the deep water to cut it. it was really difficult and absolutely freezing , ' ms sharrock told daily mail australia.
this a carer partying with friends and kissing her boyfriend in the hours after taking cash from two frail pensioners she stole # 5,000 from. rebecca calder , 24 , who was jailed for a year today , went out drinking on the same night she used her victims ' bank card to withdraw large amounts of money. sentenced : rebecca calder , 24 , who was jailed for a year today , went out drinking on the same night she used her victims ' bank cards to withdraw large amounts of cash , pictured left and right. calder posted regular partying pictures of facebook not knowing the family of the victims , a couple in their late 80s who have now died , had installed a spy camera and filmed her taking cash.
a former weber county court clerk has won a sexual harassment lawsuit against a former judge who wrote a love poem to her. a federal jury in salt lake city on thursday awarded more than $ 270,000 to marcia eisenhour after finding that former justice court judge craig storey violated her right to equal protection. the jury found storey liable for some $ 240,000 of the damages and the county liable for the rest. ' storey was a judge for weber county justice court from 1984 until 2010 , when a new ogden justice court -lrb- pictured -rrb- opened and took over the county 's caseload.
we 're starting with some international headlines today , covering events in switzerland , kenya and the pacific ocean. california 's historic drought is now hitting home for many residents and businesses , who 've been ordered to cut their water usage. on this page you will find today 's show transcript and a place for you to request to be on the cnn student news roll call. transcript. click here to access the transcript of today 's cnn student news program. please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published.
this is the terrifying moment that one wrong move sent a climber tumbling 10 metres down an icy cliff face. karlis bardelis , 30 , from latvia , was attempting to scale the cliff in coire an lochain , scotland , when the accident happened. ' scroll down for video. the footage shows climber karlis bardelis carefully traversing the ridge , left , but one wrong move sends him tumbling down the icy cliff face in coire an lochain , scotland , right. you see his feet literally above his head as he continues to fall down the mountain head-first. karlis bardelis , left , and gary kinsey , right , on headhunter 's summit on january 28 , 2012.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- the leader of yemen 's houthi rebels vowed not to back down on sunday as a top saudi military official claimed weeks of airstrikes had significantly weakened the shiite group. `` our fighters will not evacuate from the main cities or the government institutions , '' rebel leader abdul-malik al-houthi said in a televised address. '' his comments came after more than three weeks of saudi-led coalition bombings aimed at pushing back the houthis , who surged into the capital of sanaa in january and ousted president abdu rabu mansour hadi from power. hadi still claims he 's yemen 's legitimate leader and is working with the saudis and other allies to return to his country.
would you feel better about gauging on junk food if it were dressed up like a gourmet feast ? that 's the question followers of a clever new instagram account are asking themselves , after taking a harder look at the deceiving dishes being served up online. not only are the plates artistically manufactured , but they come with equally pretentious captions. one description , featuring a hot pocket as the centerpiece , read : ` hay-baked hot pockets with hidden valley bacon ranch spheres and a puree of zoodles ' fancy that : the instagram account jacques lamerde is dressing up junk food as fine dining to poke fun at high-end restaurants.
this time , dai young has sounded the annual alarm. wasps ' director of rugby could not have asked much more from his gallant side as they pushed toulon all the way before losing their champions cup quarter-final at stade felix mayol on sunday. yet , the scale of what they were up against was illustrated by the sight of matt giteau and juan fernandez lobbe -- two of the world 's finest players -- coming on as replacements for the hosts. a pair of springboks , bryan habana and juan smith , were among a glittering non-playing contingent. wasps coach dai young has called for reform to the premiership salary cap so english clubs can compete on the european stage - the comments came after his team lost 32-18 to toulon on sunday.
angelina jolie may have made the character world famous , but australia has its very own lara croft in the flesh , and her skill at playing call of duty has gained her thousands of devotees and a new job career. instead of going to work in an office , the brisbane gamer known only as bonnie doll starts up her xbox and goes on a killing spree with followers of her live stream. originally from sweden , bonnie has been living in australia since 2007. scroll down for video. tome raider : bonnie doll is australia 's answer to lara croft in the gaming world.
maria sharapova and venus williams have both withdrawn from their countries ' respective fed cup ties this weekend. sharapova has been forced to pull out of russia 's semi-final against germany in sochi with a leg injury , the russian tennis federation said on tuesday. russian maria sharapova has pulled out of this weekend 's fed cup semi-final with a leg inury. the 27-year-old 's last appearance was in the miami open at the end of march , where she lost in the second round to world number 97 daria gavrilova in straight sets. sharapova -lrb- left -rrb- shakes hands after losing to compatriot daria gavrilova in straight sets in miami.
the father of one of three teenagers arrested in turkey on suspicion of trying to join islamic state fighters in syria works for the ministry of defence , it has been revealed. it is believed the man , from brent , northwest london , works in the military 's post office , where he could have had access to the names and address of all military personnel at home and overseas. he has been put on compassionate leave from his post , after the mod considered suspending him , a source has said. the father of one of three teenagers arrested in turkey on suspicion of trying to join islamic state fighters in syria works for the ministry of defence , it has been revealed.
england had a good day on tuesday at the start of this second test in conditions that suited them. england can be happy they are good enough to take wickets at home and when the ball is swinging and conditions are in their favour - like here. cook is frustrated after dropping a catch off marlon samuel , who was on 32 and finished the day 94 not out. cook and coach peter moores are under pressure to produce a result after drawing the first test. the biggest reason england have not won away from home since 2012 is that they are lacking something different in their attack.
a photographer has turned typical british locations including parks , villages and beaches into their own , individual planets with mind-bending 360 - degree photographs. anthony barbour , 33 , from liverpool , takes his camera everywhere and his pictures showcase sefton park and one shopping centre in liverpool , mudeford beach and durdle door in dorset , burley village in the new forest and north wales , among others. once he finds the right location , he will spend hours slowly rotating in one spot taking the 50 pictures he needs to create just one image. ' he uses a canon 1100d dslr with either a 18-55mm kit lens or a tokina 11-16mm to shoot the photographs and then uses photoshop to stitch and layer the photos together.
michael owen has warned raheem sterling that life after liverpool may not be all he hopes it to be after the england youngster revealed this week that he had rejected a # 100,000-a-week deal at anfield. owen , like sterling , started his senior career at liverpool but eventually moved on to real madrid in 2004. chelsea , arsenal and manchester city are all said to be interested in the hottest property in english football , but liverpool are determined not to let one of their star players leave , even with his contract expiring at the end of next season.
on friday night i 'll be wearing bath 's no 6 shirt for the second time in a premiership game. the switch from midfield has worked for myself and the team , so i 'm hoping i can carry on playing in the back row for the rest of this season. the change of position was a decision my head coach , mike ford , made after the champions cup quarter-final against leinster. sam burgess is set to start at blindside flanker for the second time for bath on friday night. bath head coach mike ford believes burgess will make a bigger impact on the game from the backrow.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- somewhere over the rainbow , people on the internet are losing their minds. is it real ? after the new york area received a large amount of rain , four rainbows stretched across the early morning sky on tuesday. amanda curtis , ceo of a fashion company in new york , snapped the lucky shot. '' she posted the picture to twitter , and within a few hours , it had already received hundreds of retweets. `` it 's been surreal i feel like we 're breaking the internet but in a really great way , '' she told cnn affiliate wpix.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- marvel comics superhero hawkeye is a master with the bow and arrow. he 's also got a secret super-talent at singing ed sheeran parodies. the '' avengers '' character -lrb- played by jeremy renner -rrb- was a guest on `` the tonight show starring jimmy fallon , '' where he got behind the piano to showcase some of his other skills. billboard : jimmy fallon hits hot 100 with ` ew ! , ' featuring will.i.am. those talents , we 're told , include his collection of scarves and berets , his abilities on the trombone and he can open a pickle jar.
a young choirmaster at an exclusive private school took a vulnerable student 's virginity just months after she confided in him that she had been abused by another music teacher , a court heard. edward moore was working in his first job as assistant director of music at king edward 's school in witley , surrey , when he had consensual sex with the 16-year-old student in his office. ' moore , from ascot , berkshire , was jailed for nine months on friday after admitting two counts of abusing a position of trust and sexual activity with a girl aged 13 to 17 years.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- two deputies involved in the fatal attempt to arrest eric harris in tulsa , oklahoma , have been reassigned because of threats against them and their families , sheriff stanley glanz said monday in a news conference. the deputies were trying to arrest harris when reserve deputy robert bates shot him. '' police appear on video saying , `` f*ck your breath , '' apparently in response. sheriff stanley glanz did n't specify the nature of the threats , but said he was `` very concerned '' for their safety and that of their families. he did not say what the deputies had been assigned to do.
a heroic mother saved her daughter from the jaws of a 13ft crocodile in a 10-minute long battle , armed only with a wooden washing paddle. diwalinen vankar , 58 , had gone with her 19-year-old daughter kanta , to the bank of the vishwamitri river , 40 kilometres from vadodara , in west india , to wash their clothes. diwalinen vankar , 58 , -lrb- pictured left -rrb- fought off a 13ft crocodile with a washing paddle after it attacked her 19-year-old daughter kanta -lrb- right -rrb-. a crocodile grabbed diwalinen vankar 's daughter 's legs on the banks of the vishwamitri river in west india and dragged her into the river - her mother rescued her by hitting it with a washing paddle -lrb- stock image -rrb-.
if you 're having trouble sleeping it could be down to the interior design of your bedroom. a new infographic from london furniture company made.com shows scientifically proven tactics you can use to change the layout of your room. sleep experts recommended you arrange your room symmetrically , install heavy curtains and keep pets out. if you 're having trouble sleeping it could be down to the interior design of your bedroom. sleep experts recommended you arrange your room symmetrically , install heavy curtains and keep pets out to get a more restful slumber. read on for a detailed breakdown of your step-by-step guide to perfect bedtime feng shui.
barcelona players were put through their paces as they put the finishing touches to preparations for the champions league quarter-final clash with french giants psg. the first-leg of the highly anticipated tie will take place at the parc des princes on wednesday. speaking to the club 's official website , defender adriano warned his team-mates ahead of the game they must be at their absolute best if they are to overcome psg 's star-studded squad , which includes the likes of zlatan ibrahimovic , thiago silva and lucas moura. ' xavi hernandez -lrb- centre -rrb- is challenged by rafael -lrb- left -rrb- and javier mascherano -lrb- right -rrb- during training.
avril lavigne has revealed she has lyme disease. in an interview with people magazine , the 30-year-old explained the debilitating bacterial infection is the reason behind her months-long absence from the public eye. the singer has no idea where she got the tick bite that infected her. scroll down for video. struggling : avril lavigne has revealed she has lyme disease. she is pictured here at her 30th birthday party in las vegas when she was fully suffering the effects. ` it felt like having all your life sucked out of you. ' symptoms of the disease range from headaches and joint pain to severe fatigue , heart palpitations , paralysis of the face and even dementia.
it was just after breakfast , only a few short hours after the rampant champagne-fuelled celebrations into the early morning had ended , but carlo ancelotti knew exactly what he was saying. still in madrid 's five-star tivoli lisboa hotel , the ` fat boy with the bowl full of emilian tortellini ' -lrb- his own words , not mine -rrb- told an italian journalist friend : ` yes we 've made history by winning la decima -- but this is real madrid. ' date : may 25 , 2014. and of course ancelotti was speaking after madrid 's two principal teams , sworn enemies , had contested the champions league final and he had lifted the ` cup with the big ears ' for the fifth time as player or coach.
rita wilson appears with an ensemble of actresses in a satirical new video promoting gender equality which ironically proclaims : ` it 's only fair that men should have it all. ` we wo n't relent 'til it 's 100 per cent , ' the women sing in a tongue-in-cheek refrain that repeats throughout the psa. scroll down for video. poor guys : rita wilson pretends to be sad that men do n't completely dominate film industry in a new gender-equality psa by the make it fair project. ` in the past three years , only 93 per cent of films were directed by men , and only 80 per cent were written by them , ' the actresses , including meryl streep 's actress daughter mamie gummer , say at the beginning of the video.
this may look like your average wooden wardrobe , but it actually has a hidden purpose. mexican soldiers uncovered the suspected drugs tunnel and arrested nine people before they managed to dig under the border and successfully into american territory. scroll down for video. a mexican official prepares to descend the 10 feet long ladder to enter the hidden tunnel in the border town of tijuana. the sophisticated passageway was wired with lights , ventilation and what appears to be a cart system by the gang of drugs runners. the 66ft deep route , which was still under construction and was being built next to the tijuana checkpoint , was wired with lights and ventilation.
when you consider 80 per cent of our information about the outside world comes through our eyes , it 's hardly surprising studies show eye contact to be the most effective way to signal sexual interest. eighteen times more sensitive than our ears , our eyes are capable of responding to one and a half million simultaneous messages. scroll down for video. spring is the season for flirting so the perfect time to find out the five eye contact techniques that are scientifically proven to get you noticed ! the four-and-half second scan. a normal face scan lasts three seconds , scan for four-and-a-half and it 's clear someone has ` caught your eye '.
vassilis was born in a boat. and so a boy came into this world at sea , and there was only one life he was fated to live. a snooze in the sunshine : the eagles palace hotel is a fine escape zone for family holidays. today , tall and bronzed , like a warrior from the legions of alexander the great , vassilis is at the wheel of a speedboat thrumming across the sparkling seas off the mount athos peninsula in north-eastern greece. as we fly along like a turbo-charged bronco , dolphins breach the surface and plunge below , and then a sea turtle , almost 5ft long , slides alongside.
boy , would tiger like to find a fairway here , ' said former professional david feherty. tiger woods had worked so hard on his short game , the other quality needed to take a safe passage through these parts had been forgotten. from the first , when he drifted into a bunker on the right , to the final par five , when he fired one into the crowd , castigating himself as a ` dumbass ' -- although a shout of ` fore ' might have been more helpful -- woods took the long road around augusta. the galleries were packed as crowd favourite tiger woods struggled on his first round at augusta.
an ohio woman discovered that her biological mother worked at the same company as her and lived only six minutes away. the ohio department of heath released birth records for people born between january 1 , 1964 , and september 18 , 1996 , last month , allowing people their first access to the information. she looked up her mother 's name , francine simmons , on facebook and found out she worked infocision - the same call-center operation company she works at. la-sonya mitchell-clark -lrb- left -rrb- of youngstown , ohio , found out her birth mother was francine simmons -lrb- right -rrb- after the ohio department of heath released birth records for people born between january 1 , 1964 , and september 18 , 1996 , last month.
so you might think mi5 would have more important things to worry about than running a competition for blue peter viewers to go to ` spy school '. but that is exactly what has happened , after three youngsters won a competition to visit mi5 's london hq. the children even got to attend a meeting with the security service 's director-general andrew parker. the winning contestants with andrew parker of mi5 -lrb- left -rrb-. the group were allowed inside the service 's hq. the budding young bonds -lrb- seen here played by daniel craig -rrb- were chosen from among 5,700 other hopefuls.
when ulster confirmed the audacious signing of all black wing charles piutau this week , the scale of their transfer coup was illustrated by the complaints emanating from new zealand. ` i 'm extremely disappointed he 's going , ' said steve hansen , coach of the world champions , having learned that the 23-year-old had rejected a new deal with the blues and nzru in favour of a season in belfast , in 2016-17. that might not be the end of the short-term kiwi exodus , despite jerome kaino 's decision to stick around in favour of a shot at the lions in 2017.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- a professor at texas a&m galveston said in an email to his strategic management students that they were a disgrace , that they lacked maturity -- and that he would fail the entire class. irwin horwitz , an instructional associate professor in the university 's department of maritime administration , told cnn affiliate kprc that he had finally reached a breaking point. '' in the email to students , kprc reported , horwitz said : `` i have seen cheating , been told by students to ` chill out , ' ` get out of my space , ' ` go back and teach ' refuse to leave the room after being told to do so following inappropriate conduct , called a ` f ***** g moron ' several times by a student to my face ... '' horwitz added that students spread hurtful rumors about him , his wife and colleagues , and that he felt the need for police protection in class.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- they were huddled in the back of a tugboat. some were without shoes. the 117 migrants , mostly from sub-saharan africa , arrived in the port of augusta , sicily , around 1p. m. tuesday , after being picked up by the tugboat off the coast of libya. we had flown to sicily from rome following news that as many as 400 migrants had been lost at sea. the tragedy adds to the mounting death toll among those fleeing war and poverty in africa and the middle east. so far this year as many as 900 have lost their lives.
council bosses spent more than # 7,000 on a lavish three-course christmas banquet and disco for staff as a last blow-out before the local authority shut up shop. ards borough council in northern ireland , which will merge with its neighbouring authority next week , put on the taxpayer-funded dinner to ` maintain morale ' and to encourage workers to do a good job. ards borough council -lrb- offices pictured -rrb- spent more than # 7,000 on a lavish three-course christmas banquet and disco for staff. the christmas party -lrb- file picture -rrb- is the first the council has hosted in recent years , and will be their last as the authority no longer exists after a merger with its neighbour.
fact. whether he 's your coach , manager or interim , rafa benitez wins trophies. his napoli side 's 4-1 demolition of wolfsburg in the europa league quarter final last night gave that ominous feeling that silverware is once again within his grasp. he may be demanding , occasionally abrasive and often expensive but ultimately benitez gets results. since 2002 , benitez has won 12 trophies with valencia , liverpool , inter milan , chelsea and napoli. napoli manager rafael benitez saw his side beat wolfsburg 4-1 in the europa league. gonzalo higuain and benitez celebrate after beating wolfsburg in germany.
from the duke and duchess of cambridge 's 2011 wedding to the 2012 diamond jubilee , no royal event would be complete without them. now a trickle of royal fans , some familiar faces among them , have begun arriving at the lindo wing ahead of the royal birth. but the group , which includes well-known royal enthusiast margaret tyler , 71 , could be in for a long wait as the duchess of cambridge 's due date is more than a week away. joining mrs tyler was another familiar face - that of self-confessed royal ` superfan ' john loughery , 60 , who camped out overnight ahead of the 2011 royal wedding and was the only member of the public to attend every day of the inquest into the death of princess diana in 2008.
celtic 's ambitions of persuading manchester city to release jason denayer for another loan deal at parkhead next season are well documented. put simply , manager manuel pellegrini has confessed that his club 's young academy players are not yet ready to step into his first-team squad. therefore the likes of denayer may soon find themselves returning from loan deals to fill the gap. jason denayer has impressed while playing for celtic on loan this season from manchester city. celtic are keen to retain the services of the 19-year-old belgian defender , but face an uphill struggle to do so. city manager manuel pellegrini has confirmed that the club are looking to invest in homegrown talent.
the scene in the old government house hotel could not be further removed from the horrors of war. there is a soft swell of conversation as afternoon tea is served , a clink of cutlery on crockery , the discreet burble of tea being poured into china cups. somewhere outside , the clouds part and light floods the lounge. rewind those seven decades and guernsey 's only five-star hotel -- pitched on the hillside above the harbour in the capital st peter port -- would have been home to a decidedly less relaxed atmosphere. seventy years on : st peter port in guernsey is one of the key locations for the heritage festival.
his penchant for topless scything has proved a hit with housewives around the uk - and sent many rushing to social media to declare their love for actor aidan turner , 31. turner set hearts aflutter when he stripped off to manfully mow a hay field with a scythe , an ancient cutting tool used for centuries prior to horse drawn and modern mowing machinery. scroll down for video. more like iggy pop : scything expert chris riley says his own physique is more like rocker iggy pop. but while the sexy scene helped send audience ratings through the roof , it prompted a scathing critique from a band of enthusiasts dedicated to keeping the age-old art alive.
a bill that would make hawaii the first state to raise the legal smoking age to 21 cleared the legislature on friday and is headed to the governor. the bill would prevent adolescents from smoking , buying or possessing both traditional and electronic cigarettes. governor david ige has n't yet decided whether he will sign the bill and said he will not review it until it is vetted by his staff for any legal issues , as is the case with all bills. jessica yamauchi , executive director of the coalition for a tobacco free hawaii , called the legislation that could raise hawaii 's smoking age to 21 ` groundbreaking '.
a student who identifies as gender neutral claims a whataburger in austin , texas denied service because the student was wearing lingerie. video footage posted to twitter from early on sunday morning shows a restaurant manager telling grant and a friend not to enter the fast food restaurant because grant was dressed in ` inappropriate attire , ' reports the houston chronicle. scroll down for video. denied entry : tyler grant , pictured outside a whataburger on sunday morning , claims the restaurant denied service because grant was wearing a dress. gender queer : tyler grant identifies as gender queer and though grant was assigned a male , grant sometimes likes to wear women 's dresses.
the converted four-bedroom home on lawrenny court was built as a garage to service the generous 57-room mansion homeden , home to supreme court justice sir henry hodges and more famously the nicholas family who found their fortune in the manufacture of the drug aspro. the converted four-bedroom home on lawrenny court , with its bronzed clock tower and cherry wood doors , was built as a garage to service the generous 57-room mansion homeden. around 25 years ago , the distinctive toorak home was thoughtfully converted into the polished residence it is today. interestingly , the conversion took place at the same time homeden was being tuned into a block of flats.this provided the owners with a unique opportunity to buy some of the original features of the mansion and transfer them into the 740 square-metre garage residence.
people flocked to apple 's stores around the world to get a. close-up look at the apple watch , the tech company 's first foray. into the personal luxury goods market. the device was available for preorder online and to try out. tim cook ,. interviewed on cable television channel cnbc , said initial. ' scroll down for video. a throng of apple lovers gathers at its store in tokyo 's upscale omotesando neighborhood for their first look at the apple watch. apple ceo tim cook showed off his personal apple watch to customers at an apple store in palo alto.
a mother who appeared in the bbc 's controversial documentary ` people like us ' is facing jail after she refused to pay a fine for taking her teenage daughter out of school to go on holiday. karen wakefield and her husband paul dawson were one of a number of families who featured on the six-part bbc documentary , which aimed to show what life was like in harpurhey in manchester. mrs wakefield , who runs wishy washy launderette in the town , is due to appear in court after she refused to pay fines for taking her 13-year-old daughter out of school for six days to go on holiday to turkey.
a qantas jet bound for perth was forced to turn back to sydney airport after a safety light turned on mid-air. the airbus a330 took off soon after 11am but was back on the tarmac by 12.30 pm after an indicator light showed a possible issue with the rear cargo doors , a qantas spokesman said. ` engineers are inspecting the aircraft. passengers will be moved to another flight due to depart sunday afternoon , he said. a qantas jet bound for perth has been forced to return to sydney airport after a safety light turned on mid-air .
manny pacquiao may be aiming to conquer opponent floyd mayweather jnr on may 2 , but the boxer first set himself the target of conquering the mountains as he continued his harsh training regime. the filipino-fighter was joined by an abundance of fans as he tested his fitness against the steepness of some mountain roads. manny pacquiao trains with his team at griffith park in los angeles , california ahead of the mega-fight. pacquiao took to the mountains as he prepares to take on floyd mayweather jnr in may. pacquiao and his team continue their high intensity training ahead of the upcoming mega-fight.
islamic state have reportedly launched their own ` health service ' , bearing remarkable similarities to the publicly funded british health service , the national health service -lrb- nhs -rrb-. the video features an australian pediatrician and an indian physiologist , urging foreign doctors to travel to syria and help isis with their new health care service. emerging last night on social media , the video 's poster show a cropped image of a doctor , wearing an nhs style blue surgical scrubs , almost identical to images seen on the british healthcare service 's leaflets. the video 's poster shows a cropped image of a doctor , wearing an nhs style blue surgical scrubs which appear almost identical to images seen on the british healthcare service 's leaflets.
belly flop to belly up ? it 's fair to say steve bruce has had better weeks than this one , which featured the publication of some poolside diving snaps and culminated in a defeat that suggests hull might yet bomb out of the premier league. not when their final seven games include fixtures against southampton , liverpool , arsenal , tottenham and manchester united. bafetimbi gomis roars with celebration after giving swansea a 2-0 lead against hull at the liberty stadium on saturday. gomis unleashed a thunderous overhead kick shortly before half-time to capitalise on some poor hull defending. the french striker fires a spectacular volley past allan mcgregor and into the roof of the hull net to double the home side 's lead.
it would n't make much of a breakfast , but this tiny egg could give a schoolgirl and her pet hens a place in the guinness book of records. shannon hayes , 12 , believes one of them has laid the smallest chicken egg in the world. after doing some research on the internet , she thinks its length of 1.8 cm -- smaller than a 5p coin -- shaves two millimetres off the previous title-holder. it is very tiny and you would n't want it for breakfast. ' shannon hayes , centre , believes her pet hen , right , has laid the world 's smallest ever egg , left.
but just months after winning a modelling contest that would take her overseas , the 12-year-old 's lofty plans to make it to the runway hit a snag. venessa was diagnosed with a rare form of bone cancer on january 5 after a nasty fall , which left her with pains in her leg. aspiring model venessa harris , 12 , was diagnosed with bone cancer just months after she won a talent search. venessa is pictured with her proud mother , karen monaghan , and grandmother , lyn harris. at first doctors dismissed it as growing pains but shortly after discovered she had ewing 's sarcoma as her discomfort continued.
but 11-month-old babies have already mastered the fundamentals of physics. scroll down for video. babies in the study reacted with surprise when objects like this toy car appeared to break the laws of gravity. the babies were similarly perplexed by a toy car that appeared to defy the laws of gravity and float in thin air. importantly , the babies shown the magic tricks were more interested in playing with the ball than a brand new toy that they had never seen before. babies might be smarter than we had previously thought and can understand complex social situations from the age of just 13 months old.
arsenal have been here before. manchester city sniffing around with their millions , looking to prize away some of arsene wenger 's finest talent. jack wilshere is the latest man linked with a switch to the etihad stadium , where he would follow the likes of emmanuel adebayor , bacary sagna and samir nasri who swapped london for the north-west as city stormed towards premier league and fa cup glory. the gunners are now ahead of city in the table and appear to be a club on the up , while the men from manchester must rebuild. and if # 30million or more is truly on the table for wilshere , arsenal must consider it.
sharon winters was searching for her soulmate when she met kevin hawke on an online dating site - but less than two weeks later she was dead after he stabbed her in a brutal knife attack. now her brother stephen robinson , 44 , from wirral , merseyside , is speaking for the first time since his sister 's murder , to warn other women to be careful when looking for love online. ' sharon winters , pictured here with her brother stephen robinson , was looking for her soulmate online. kevin hawke has been jailed for 17 and a half years for murdering sharon in a frenzied attack triggered by an argument over what to watch on the television.
in just eight weeks , lily james , the british star of disney 's new blockbuster cinderella , has worn more than # 300,000 worth of frocks , shoes and jewellery designed by the glitziest names in fashion as she 's promoted her film. from # 3,000 jimmy choo shoes to a # 35,000 gown and a # 40,000 necklace , claudia connell and eliza scarborough reveal how downton abbey star lily 's very special wardrobe would be a stretch even for prince charming 's bulging wallet. scroll down for video. luxurious : in just eight weeks , lily james , the british star of disney 's new blockbuster cinderella -lrb- pictured -rrb- , has worn more than # 300,000 worth of frocks , shoes and jewellery.
more than 50 dead greyhounds have been found dumped in queensland bushland , with a taskforce set up to probe live-baiting in the state now investigating the grim find. at least 55 carcasses were found in the coonarr area , near bundaberg , on tuesday. a joint rspca and queensland police taskforce is now investigating. rspca spokesman michael beatty says it 's understood the dogs were killed before a four corners special which exposed the horrors of the greyhound racing industry. ` the indications are that these may just be young dogs that did n't have the speed , basically. at least 55 carcasses were found in the coonarr area , near bundaberg , on tuesday , with the rspca.
a paramedic who pretended he was gay to get close to women before sexually assaulting them has been struck off the medical register. christopher bridger , 25 , from stevenage , hertfordshire , attacked three women after separate drinking sessions and was jailed for 12 years after being convicted of rape and four other abuse charges last year. christopher bridger , 25 , who was jailed for 12 years after he sexually assaulted three women , has been struck off the medical register. a jury at guildford crown court , surrey , found him guilty of raping a fellow student while he was studying to be a paramedic at st george 's university hospital in london in 2008.
but do n't let these glitches ruin your fun in the sun , surf and sand. below , mailonline travel looks at the top hacks , which are sure to cure any seaside holiday struggle. when travelling this summer , there are some basic travel hacks that can help make your holiday go off without a hitch. to add a sun-kissed glow to your locks , simply squeeze lemon juice onto your strands before sitting in the sun. naturally highlight your hair. to get that sun-kissed glow without ever entering a salon , simply squeeze citrus juice onto your hair before heading outside - it will react.
newcastle supporters have been encouraged to stand up in protest against mike ashley 's running of the club when they face swansea at st james ' park on saturday. fans group ashleyout.com was behind last sunday 's boycott of the 3-1 defeat at home to spurs , which saw at least 10,000 supporters stay away as their side lost a sixth game on the spin. newcastle announced record profits of # 18.7 million earlier this month before revealing that a further # 34m is sat in the bank. newcastle united fans have planned a mass protest against owner mike ashley on saturday afternoon.
without warning , the mother-of-two lost all control of her body while she was behind the wheel of her car. gripped by what would later be diagnosed as a rare brain disorder , the 40-year-old crashed. she blamed her uncontrollable shaking in the aftermath of the accident on her shock. but over the following days , when she lost control of her bladder repeatedly , she feared something else was to blame. tests revealed she was suffering functional neurological disorder - an umbrella term for a wide variety of neurological symptoms that doctors can not explain. samantha rawcliffe , 40 , from morecambe , has been diagnosed with the rare condition functional neurological disorder - an umbrella term to cover a range of neurological symptoms.
jeremy clarkson last night launched into a bizarre rant about being sacked from the bbc , saying the upside meant he could now swear without being reprimanded. the former top gear presenter made his comments when he was guest of honour at a charity auction in the cotswolds. ' scroll down for video. jeremy clarkson pictured at the chipping norton charity gig , where he joked he was ` trawling the job centre ' hundreds of fans paid # 15 a ticket to watch the former top gear presenter oversee the auction. hundreds of fans paid # 15 a ticket to watch clarkson oversee the auction at chipping norton town hall.
former tech executive carly fiorina is set to become the second woman in the 2016 white house hunt -- if a report published wednesday afternoon is accurate. the onetime hewlett-packard ceo will launch a formal campaign. but fiorina spokeswoman sarah isgur flores told daily mail online that it 's just a rumor at this point. ' i am not confirming the wsj story , ' flores said. scroll down for video. campaign-in-waiting : carly fiorina spoke tuesady at a public library in council bluffs , iowa , in the state whose presidential primary caucuses can make or break a candidacy. hear me roar : fiorina spoke at the republican leadership summit on saturday in nashua , new hampshire.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- there 's an old saying which states the cape verde islands are home to a greater number of musicians per square kilometer than any other country in the world. but there is a certain factual accuracy behind the legend : the important and proud relationship the atlantic island country of just 500,000 people has with music. situated roughly 350 miles off the west coast of africa , cape verde has long been a mesh of cultures , history and races. the former portuguese territory was once a key location for the transatlantic slave trade , a target for 16th century pirates and a refuge for exiled jews.
a woman who was addicted to energy drinks ballooned to a size 20 after spending # 11,000 on her high-sugar habit in just four years. jade wimsey , 24 , from goole , east yorkshire , would down up to seven cans a day at more than # 1.50 a pop and totalling more than 1,540 calories. jade wimsey went from a size 12 to 20 in four years as she guzzled up to seven cans of energy drinks a day. ' i never associated energy drinks with gaining weight. i did n't really consider the hidden calorie or sugar content in them , ' said jade , who runs a blog called girlupnorth.co.uk.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- it was all set for a fairytale ending for record breaking jockey ap mccoy. in the end it was a different but familiar name who won the grand national on saturday. 25-1 outsider many clouds , who had shown little form going into the race , won by a length and a half , ridden by jockey leighton aspell. aspell won last year 's grand national too , making him the first jockey since the 1950s to ride back-to-back winners on different horses. yet for much of the grand national -- arguably the world 's most famous and certainly the sport 's most prestigious jump race -- it looked as if ap mccoy was about to write an ending befitting the career of a man who has dominated jump racing for two decades.
at half-time , everything pointed to another humiliating english defeat in dublin. outmuscled at the breakdown , bullied in the scrum and laboured in the line-out , bath were in danger of going down every bit as tamely as england had a month ago. bath fly half george ford ghosts past leinster full-back rob kearney on his way to fine individual score at the aviva stadium. the england no 10 's solo-try was the only score that the west country outfit managed to register in the first-half. by the end , remarkably , the three-time champions leinster were hanging on for dear life as wave after wave of bath attack threatened to deliver one of the great european comebacks.
a woman from nova scotia who has a prosthetic leg may have started off on the wrong foot with someone who shares a parking lot with her. despite receiving weekly angry notes on her windshield scolding her for parking in a handicap space , natasha hope-simpson said she felt flattered that someone mistook her for someone who could walk normally. ' i have a video of you walking away from your car on numerous occasions , you are not handicapped ! the next time you park here i will forward the video 's to police with your license plate number. scroll down for video.
former rangers striker marco negri has revealed he quit the scottish giants after fearing he was hiv-positive. negri joined the ibrox outfit from italian side perugia for # 3.5 million in 1997 , scoring a staggering 23 goals in his first 10 league games for the club. however , a series of injuries destabilised his career in glasgow including a reserve match against aberdeen on november 13 , 2000. ex-rangers forward marco negri has revealed that he quit the club after fearing he had aids. cosenza -lrb- italy -rrb- - 19 goals in 34 league games - -lrb- 1994-95 -rrb-. rangers - 32 in 30 - -lrb- 1997-2001 -rrb-.
now , you no longer need to hotfoot it to the department store or chemist to stock up on make-up -- because fashion retailers have got in on the beauty act. fashion retailers have started to get in on the beauty act with plenty of shops now offering their own make-up ranges as well as clothing. from marks and spencer to primark , they 're all at it , flogging foundation and lippy alongside frocks and leggings. but are any of them worth splashing your cash on ? claire coleman put some of the biggest fashion beauty brands to the test ... topshop beauty.
an oklahoma woman believes she has secured photographic evidence of the legendary blood-sucking beast , el chupacabra. vonda thedford , 55 , told fox news that she was driving along a pittsburg county rural road earlier this month when she spotted the mysterious carcass lying on the ground. when she stopped to look at the dead creature , she was disturbed to see it had ' a little truck ' in place of a nose , ` little toes ' and ` hair on its tail '. scroll down for video. caught on camera : an oklahoma woman believes she has secured photographic evidence of the legendary blood sucking beast , el chupacabra -lrb- above -rrb-.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- fifty years ago in frankfurt , german prosecutors tried 22 former nazi ss soldiers at auschwitz in what remains the most famous holocaust trial staged in germany. at the time , fritz bauer , the german-jewish attorney general of hessen , expressed the simple hope that `` sooner or later , one of the accused would step forward and say : ` what took place -- it was horrific , i 'm sorry. '' the refusal of perpetrators to own up to their guilt remains one of the most disappointing aspects of holocaust trials. john demjanjuk , whose conviction by a munich court in 2011 established the precedent that has now made possible the trial of oskar gröning , remained defiantly silent during his 18-month trial , never so much as breathing a word of acknowledgment or remorse.
however , while voiceover work might be a salary-boosting sideline , it can go down like a lead balloon with other employers , as coronation street actress katy cavanagh discovered to her peril recently. executives at coronation street have reportedly just overturned a ban on their cast offering their dulcet tones to radio advertising campaigns after rumours of a near-mutiny among its actors , the catalyst for which was katy 's extensive voiceover work. put a sock in it : in the past corrie has reportedly tried to silence its stars when they 've asked to do voiceover work for television adverts.
a michigan woman who was expecting to find a tax refund in her mailbox was shocked when she instead received a letter from the irs informing her that she had ` died '. sarah jewell , 25 , is still living and breathing , a fact she proved when , after the irs told her to contact her local social security office in sparta , she walked right in and announced ` i 'm alive ! ' the staff told jewell that someone had filed her social security number as deceased in november 2014. sarah jewell , 25 , was expecting to find a tax refund in her mailbox when she instead received a letter from the irs informing her that she had ` died ' but fast-forward three months later and jewell said she has n't received instruction from social security on how to proceed and her number has yet to be reinstated - leaving her life in total disarray.
a seller on ebay has claimed that he has former new england patriots player aaron hernandez 's jailhouse identification card - and he 's trying to auction it off. hernandez is currently in prison during his trial for the the june 2013 shooting death of odin lloyd , who was dating his fiancée 's sister. lloyd was shot six times in an industrial park less than a mile from hernandez 's home. scroll down for video. an ebay user posted what appears to be laminated badge that featured a photo of former new england patriots player aaron hernandez and identifying information about the 25-year-old.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- a term used by president barack obama and baltimore mayor stephanie rawlings-blake to characterize rioters has given new life to a debate over the word `` thug. '' `` of course it 's not the right word , to call our children ` thugs , ' '' baltimore city councilman carl stokes told cnn 's `` erin burnett outfront. '' the rev. jamal bryant drew the same comparison wednesday morning on cnn. you do n't call six police officers who kill a man without probable cause ` thugs , ' but children who are frustrated and do n't have an outlet , you call them ` thugs.
the girlfriend of an australian baseball player who was shot in back while jogging in oklahoma appeared in court on thursday and faced his suspected killer as the prosecution rested their case. sarah harper was in a relationship with christopher lane , 22 , when he was gunned down while visiting in the city of duncan in august 2013. he was born in melbourne , australia , but was in the united states on a baseball scholarship when 17-year-old chancey allen luna allegedly murdered him. scroll down for video. sarah harper -lrb- pictured left walking into court on thursday -rrb- was in a relationship with christopher lane , 22 , when he was gunned down while visiting in the city of duncan in august 2013.
robbie keane is n't letting an injury keep him from entertaining his la galaxy fans with one high-profile supporter , boy george , endorsing his rendition of karma chameleon. a video of keane 's car karaoke effort was posted on the boy george and the culture club facebook page and while the 34-year-old striker 's enthusiasm ca n't be faulted , his command of the lyrics leaves a bit to be desired. robbie keane sings karma chameleon iin a video posted on boy george & the culture club 's facebook page. the video was apparently filmed during la galaxy 's day off on tuesday with keane choosing a song that was released when he was just three years old.
a five-month-old baby whose parents created a 30-item ` bucket list ' for their terminally ill son has tragically died - with sadly only one item ticked off. elijah mccrae 's heartbroken parents , jessica and andrew , remembered the ` happiest baby ever ' , after he died in his mother 's arms on monday evening. ` it is with a heavy heart , that our baby elijah has passed away. he passed peacefully in my arms. ` it is with a heavy heart , that our baby elijah has passed away. he passed peacefully in my arms ' in a series of heartbreaking posts , ms mccrae documented the gut-wrenching final stages of their beloved son 's fight for life.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- kim bok-dong is 89 now , and is going blind and deaf. she enters a meeting of tokyo foreign correspondents in a wheelchair , visibly exhausted after a flight from seoul and days of interviews and meetings. the nightmares from five years as a sex slave of the japanese army , from 1940 onwards , are still crystal clear. kim is determined to share her story with anyone who will listen , until she 's no longer physically able. kim was a 14-year-old girl when the japanese came to her village in korea. she says they told her she had no choice but to leave her home and family to support the war effort by working at a sewing factory.
hong kong -lrb- cnn -rrb- it 's not just asia. near-sightedness , or myopia , means nearby objects appear clearly , but those farther away look blurry. the rates of myopia have doubled , even tripled , in most of east asia over the last 40 years , researchers say. several places like hong kong , singapore and taiwan have rates in the 80 %. in south korea , myopia rates among 20-year-olds have leaped from 18 % in 1955 to over 96 % myopia in 2011. and it 's a global issue -- rates of myopia are also rising in western nations like germany and the united states.
supermodel maggie rizer only gave birth to her daughter cecilia kathryn nine weeks ago , but the mother-of-three is already back to her trim and toned self. the 37-year-old fashion veteran sported a tiny string bikini as she posed with her two-year-old son quinnlann clancy for a sweet snapshot , which she shared monday on her instagram account. and online commenters could n't help but note how fit maggie looks only a few months after she and her husband alex mehran welcomed their first daughter into the world. beach body : supermodel maggie rizer donned a string bikini while playing with her two-year-old son quinnlyn clancy on the beach - just nine weeks after she gave birth to her daughter cecilia kathryn.
punched , elbowed , apparently bitten. just another night for an atletico madrid striker. yet this was not diego costa circa 2010 to 2014. this was mario mandzukic involved in bust-up after bust-up as he shed blood and sweat against great rivals real madrid at the vicente calderon. when atletico allowed costa to sign for chelsea on july 1 , 2014 , diego simeone may have fretted about losing his street fighter. just nine days later , he bought mandzukic from bayern munich , and the croatia international looked every bit as aggressive on tuesday night. blood pours from mario mandzukic 's face during the champions league quarter-final first leg in madrid.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- pope francis will visit cuba on his way to the united states in september , the vatican said wednesday -- a trip that will come months after he helped negotiate a diplomatic thaw between the two countries. the exact timing of the cuba trip was n't immediately released , but the vatican said the pope would stop in cuba before his planned late september stops in washington , new york and philadelphia. `` the pope coming here , maybe he could ... make more positive ways for cubans to go towards religion , more than politics , '' said raul garcia , a cuban-american who returned to the island.
a woman in china showed her strength by using her legs to lift a group of people. the footage captured at a birthday party in sichuan province shows a woman lying on her back on a stage. placed across her outstretched legs is a plank of wood and clinging to either side of it are two women who are about to become human weights. suddenly music begins playing and the woman starts pumping her legs up and down as the two volunteers struggle to hold on. the woman shows amazing strength by remaining in the position for some time before she begins twirling the plank of wood -- removing a leg in between rotations.
the wife of broadcaster john suchet has died aged 73 after a decade-long battle with dementia. bonnie was described by her husband as ` the love of my life '. bonnie suchet -lrb- pictured with john -rrb- was described by her husband as ` the love of my life ' the family paid tribute in a death notice in the telegraph , which read : ` bonnie died peacefully on 15th april 2015 aged 73. ` adored wife of john , devoted mother of alec and hereward , mother-in-law of peta-jane , grandmother of finn and alexa. ' in recent years the classic fm dj and former itn presenter has been extremely open about his wife 's diagnosis , writing a book and becoming honorary president of the dementia uk charity.
american expat brad reynolds has become the travel website 's top contributor , writing more than 3,300 reviews and uploading nearly 40,000 photos in just five years. the 38-year-old critiques every hotel , restaurant and landmark he visits on holiday and in his current home of hong kong , providing opinion and travel tips that have been read by millions of travellers around the world. scroll down for video. brad reynolds , pictured at india 's taj mahal , is tripadvisor 's most active user with 66,000 contributions in just five years. the 38-year-old , who now lives in hong kong , gave a five-star review of ` amazing ' pushkar , india after attending its camel fair.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- the last time frank jordan spoke with his son , louis jordan was fishing on a sailboat a few miles off the south carolina coast. the next time he spoke with him , more than two months had passed and the younger jordan was on a german-flagged container ship 200 miles from north carolina , just rescued from his disabled boat. louis jordan , 37 , took his 35-foot sailboat out in late january and had n't been heard from in 66 days when he was spotted thursday afternoon by the houston express on his ship drifting in the atlantic ocean.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- late one night on facebook , a girl with cystic fibrosis messaged a boy with cystic fibrosis , and both their lives were changed forever. the girl , katie donovan , read that the boy , dalton prager , was very sick. no , you do n't , katie wrote back , and told dalton a bit about herself. i 'm sorry. they realized they were falling in love. cystic fibrosis patients should n't be near each other because they can share infections that could cripple their already fragile lungs. dr. michael anstead at the university of kentucky , katie 's pulmonologist since she was a little girl , had lectured her many times that face-to-face meetings with other cf patients were a bad idea.
julie mckenzie thought scoliosis was the cause of her bad back. julie mckenzie was assured by her gp that her nagging back pain was down to a mild curvature of the spine. these revealed that her spine was slightly curved , a condition known as scoliosis. ` if i made a sudden movement , i 'd experience a sharp , pinching pain in my lower spine that would take my breath away and force me to stop whatever i was doing. ' a month after seeing her gp , and feeling increasingly desperate , julie , an administrator , who is divorced with two grown-up children , and lives in bushey , herts , used her private medical cover to see a spinal surgeon , robert lee.
` you 're getting the hang of this commentary lark , ' cooed martin tyler during sky sports coverage of the manchester derby. nowadays , the man in the gantry alongside him is gary neville. and it was his zinger after united 's fourth goal -- ` smalling has scored. gary neville in the sky sports studio after co-commentating with martin tyler for the manchester derby. chris smalling is pictured scoring for manchester united as city goalkeeper joe hart sees it go in. united defender smalling was an unlikely goalscorer against city and neville had a zinger to match it. co-commentator neville analysed the goal by saying : ` smalling has scored.
tiger woods declared himself ready to compete for a fifth masters title after completing 11 holes of practice at augusta national on monday. woods has started just two events in 2015 , shooting a career-worst score of 82 to miss the cut in the first of them and withdrawing through injury after just 11 holes of the second on february 5. tiger woods returned to action as he warmed up at augusta national golf club ahead of the masters. the 39-year-old is returning from a self-imposed break from golf to recover from injuries and a dip in form. woods was given a warm welcome by the crowd and stopped to sign several autographs at augusta.
the hollywood siren called the building , just a short walk from harrods in london 's exclusive knightsbridge , home until her death in 1990. now this newly refurbished five bedroom , five bathroom apartment gives renters the chance to walk in the footsteps of the legendary screen star. spread over 3,054 square feet it boasts two spacious reception rooms , a study and a modern state-of-the art kitchen and breakfast room. scroll down for video. ava gardner called 34 ennismore gardens her ` little london retreat ' and now a slice of it could be yours for # 10,500 per week.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- after two days of deliberation , jurors found dzhokhar tsarnaev guilty on all counts in the boston marathon bombing. the verdict is n't surprising. today , nearly 1 out of 4 people in the world are muslim. by 2050 , pew reports , that will be some 1 out of 3. by 2070 ? well , i 'll quote the all-caps headline reprinted by the drudge report : `` muslims to outnumber christians ! '' many americans read such numbers and worry : will this mean more dzhokhar tsarnaevs ? but that 's only if you believe islam causes extremism , which many have argued.
former saturday night live cast member gary kroeger announced tuesday that he is running for congress in iowa. a former saturday night live cast member is running for congress in iowa , and he says it is n't a laughing matter. gary kroeger said he will run in the 2016 democratic primary for iowa 's 1st district. i truly embrace these policies of civil rights , economic equity , economic prosperity and upward mobility , ' kroeger said tuesday. kroeger appeared on saturday night live from 1982 through 1985 , and is perhaps best known for portraying donny osmond in a sketch with julia louis-dreyfus.
fox sports australia will not take action against a freelance presenter who posted an instagram picture of herself and a friend in blackface make-up. briony ingerson posted the image from an ` african-themed party ' almost three months ago , writing that the costume was as a light-hearted tribute to a friend who was working on network ten program ` i 'm a celebrity ... get me out of here ! '. she used the hashtag #ihopethiscomesoff alongside the photo of herself painted in black , seemingly oblivious that people would take offence from her costume. it has since emerged that on april 11 , fox sports australia posted an image of a man dressed in blackface , as part of a competition which asked viewers to dress up as their favourite sports star.
the morning after the row the night before , lewis hamilton and nico rosberg barely exchanged a word in the first-class cabin of their emirates flight to dubai , en route to the next race in bahrain. if the two mercedes drivers are not quite on non-speaking terms , they are communicating only when they have to. hamilton was particularly strident saying that the difference is that he is a ` racer ' and rosberg is not. lewis hamilton -lrb- right -rrb- and nico rosberg have both had their say on sunday 's chinese grand prix. winner hamilton -lrb- centre -rrb- waves to the crowd as rosberg -lrb- left -rrb- and sebastian vettel shake hands.
a young woman who ate just 10 calories a day while in the grip of anorexia has spoken of how she fought her way back from the brink of death. beth hall , 24 , from cambridge , plummeted to a tiny 4st 13lb after battling the horrific eating disorder since her teenage years - while working in a chocolate shop. determined to lose weight , she would often go for up to three days without eating a single thing. but after years of turmoil , she was finally admitted to an eating disorder clinic. and after making a full recovery , she is now a healthy size 8 and studying graphics at university.
formula one star jenson button completed the london marathon with an impressive time of two hours , 52 minutes and 30 seconds. the 35-year-old mclaren driver told the bbc he was ` chuffed to bits ' with his performance , but joked he was disappointed to finish behind former olympic rower james cracknell. ' formula one driver jenson button celebrates completing the london marathon 2015 in under three hours. button praised the ` amazing atmosphere ' and collective spirit of the runners at the event. button was running on behalf of the charity cancer research and was really buoyed by the good will feelings about the event.
there may have been a few disgruntled lap swimmers at bondi on thursday. the daily visitors to the iconic icebergs club were forced to take their exercise back to the beach as their beloved pool was drained for the fashion folk. the empty pool was used as the unusual catwalk setting for the ten pieces presentation as part of mercedes-benz fashion week australia. scroll down for video. no diving ! bondi 's icebergs club pool was drained on thursday to create a unique catwalk for mercedes-benz fashion week australia. mono : ten pieces produces capsule collection of ten pieces of unisex clothing designed to be worn in 20 ways.
she 's the queen of reinvention who has tried her hand at many a field outside her record-breaking pop career , from acting to business and philanthropy. but the consensus seems to be in on madonna 's turn at comedy : she 's just not funny. the 56-year-old , who describes herself as a ` closet comedian ' , has been lambasted for her first-ever stand-up routine while taking over the tonight show starring jimmy fallon on thursday. scroll down for video. awkward : madonna performs a stand-up on the tonight show starring jimmy fallon on thursday , however the routine did not go down too well.
his neighbors would n't let him build a film studio. so george lucas is retaliating in a way that only the cream of hollywood could - by building the largest affordable housing development in the area. the complex of affordable housing , funded and designed by the star wars director , would provide homes to 224 low-income families. scroll down for video. making waves : george lucas has unveiled plans to build an affordable housing complex on the plot of land in lucas valley , bay area , which his neighbors are determined to leave untouched. lucas dropped plans for a lucasfilm ltd studio complex on lucas valley road in 2012.
it could have easily been passed off as an april fool 's day joke , but for one couple winning the # 53million euromillions jackpot was a reality. richard and angela maxwell , from coningsby in lincolnshire , became 10th on the national lottery rich list after they scooped # 53,193,914 on the draw on tuesday. scroll down for video. richard and angela maxwell from lincolnshire have become the 10th biggest british winners of euromillions. mrs maxwell said she thought her husband was playing an april fools ' day joke on her when he told her. the semi-retired consultant in the poultry industry said : ' i always keep our lottery tickets in the kitchen drawer so i took a break and went online to check the results.
the aboriginal teenager who was arrested after anti-terror raids in melbourne on saturday has complained he was a victim of police brutality. eathan cruse , 19 , one of the five men taken into custody after raids on saturday morning , said officers assaulted him after he had been handcuffed. scroll down for video. eathan cruse , 19 , one of the five men taken into custody after raids on saturday morning , said officers assaulted him after he had been handcuffed. his father , glen , also said he was brutally attacked by police during the raid , and his son was hospitalised as a result of injuries he sustained.
west indies received an animated pep talk from bowling coach and legendary paceman curtly ambrose. ambrose , who terrorised many a batsman during the 1990s , looked to have roused his charges as they took five for 58 in the morning session. but alastair cook and co will be happy to see the big man beyond the boundary rope rather than thundering down the wicket towards them himself. curtly ambrose 's pep talk to west indies bowlers must have worked on day two as they rolled over the tail. england 's ninth man in chris jordan played out an interesting duel with former barbados team-mate justin holder - a close-fought battle which yielded nine runs from 27 balls , including two boundaries.
garissa , kenya -lrb- cnn -rrb- freshly laundered clothes still hang friday in the dormitory at garissa university college. stuffed animals remain in one room. on the wall in another hangs a poster on proper preparation for muslim prayer. on friday afternoon , more than 36 hours after the attack , investigators and kenya red cross crews were finishing up the task of removing the bodies of dead students. the corpses of four al-shabaab attackers -- dressed head to toe in black and still clutching their ak-47s -- remained where they fell , their bodies shattered in a torrent of bullets.
most dog owners would say they were dedicated to their pets. but dave rickard and his wife brenda are so devoted to their west highland terrier daisy that they did n't think twice about giving her the kiss of life after she was feared to have drowned. mr rickard , 72 , and his wife brenda , 67 , were on holiday when daisy fell 10ft from a quay into the sea. dave rickard , 72 , and his wife brenda , 67 , with their beloved west highland terrier daisy. she was swimming okay but the current was taking her away and eventually she got so weak and gave up.
an italian activist and artist has asked women to express their thoughts on gender violence by writing them down - on their underwear. in what kind of man are you ? , alexsandro palombo is hoping to send out a more serious message with his latest work , as he asks women to share their thoughts on machismo by writing them on pairs of pants and sharing via social media. italian activist and artist alexsandro palombo has turned his hand to photography for his latest project , ` what kind of man are you ? ' the illustrator is hoping to send out a more serious message with his latest work , as he asks women to share their thoughts on gender violence by writing them on pairs of pants and sharing via social media.
justin rose will try to take a leaf out of rory mcilroy 's book after kickstarting his season with his share of second place in the masters. rose arrived at augusta national having missed the cut in three of his previous five tournaments on the pga tour , but left with renewed enthusiasm and a 14-under-par total which has only been bettered six times in masters history. it 's a good momentum starter for me , ' said rose , who was looking to become the first european player to win the us open and masters. justin rose was unable to take victory at the masters , despite carding 14-under-par for the tournament.
labour 's efforts to fight off accusations of hypocrisy on zero-hours contracts were in chaos last night. party chiefs had scrambled to shore up support for ed miliband after it emerged that dozens of labour councils and mps employ staff on the controversial contracts , which he has pledged to ban. in a further blow , parliament 's expenses watchdog rejected claims by labour mps that they employ staff on zero hours only because they are forced to by the westminster system. and labour 's biggest donor unite also lost a humiliating tribunal ruling over an employee who claims he was sacked for complaining about being employed on a zero-hours basis.
a new channel 4 series shines a light on the uk 's billion-pound supercar industry , where some of the best salespeople can turn over millions of pounds of profit every year. scroll down for video. a woman in a man 's world : expert seller saba syed , pictured above with husband sheikh amari , sells luxury cars to the super rich. saba says more and more women are coming into the showroom. ' while mere mortals might only dream of getting behind the wheel of some of these ultimate driving machines , a select portion of the world 's population are trading them like toys.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- pop star taylor swift , who has built an intense bond with her fans by sharing personal details of her life , revealed some sobering news thursday : her mother has cancer. '' andrea swift , 57 , who years ago quit her job as a mutual fund marketing executive to raise swift and swift 's younger brother , austin , has joined her famous daughter on tour and in several of her videos. in a post on tumblr , the blogging platform , swift said that for christmas last year , she asked her mom to get screened for potential health issues , `` just to ease some worries of mine.
liverpool goalkeeper simon mignolet has revealed how his mental strength helped him recover after being dropped last december. mignolet was dropped ` indefinitely ' by manager brendan rodgers in december after a poor run of form but quickly returned after brad jones sustained a thigh injury. simon mignolet has revealed how his mental strength helped him recover after being dropped. mignolet -lrb- second right -rrb- makes a save from a free kick during a league match against swansea last month. mignolet told fourfourtwo : ' i was positive. every goalkeeper goes through those stages , and you only get mentally stronger from them.
the queen has dropped out of the list of the 300 richest people in britain for the first time , it emerged yesterday. although her wealth has increased year-on-year , her assets have been dwarfed by hundreds of financiers and businessmen. britain 's super-rich are now more than twice as rich as they were in 2009 , despite the catastrophic economic crisis. queen elizabeth ii , pictured at westminster abbey yesterday. len blavatnick , pictured left with his wife emily , topped the sunday times rich list with a fortune of # 13.2 bn. brothers sri and gopi hinduja were pushed into second placed as their wealth was valued at # 13bn.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- you might call her a watchdog , because this boston area doberman really has a thing for timepieces. last thursday , jeff courcelle came home from work to find 5-year-old mocha -- a pure bred fawn-colored doberman pincher -- hovering over a pile of screws , metal pieces , three watch heads and some chewed leather straps. `` my husband , who 's the most calm person that i know , called me up and said , ` i 'm not quite sure if i should panic , ' '' said courcelle 's wife , michele parkinson. parkinson knew that mocha would n't be able to pass all that leather on her own.
a celtic side with the scent of the treble in their nostrils facing a st mirren outfit badly in danger of entering free-fall scarcely looked like a recipe for a friday-night thriller. and yet , for all ronny deila 's side prevailed in the end , this scrap provided compelling evidence that they wo n't simply be given a free ride towards a fourth successive title in the coming weeks. celtic winger kris commons -lrb- right -rrb- has a shot on goal during the spl match against st mirren on friday. st mirren 's jim goodwin slides in with a challenge on celtic midfielder stefan johansen at st mirren park.
clothing that features slogans joking about stalking has been slammed by the suzy lamplugh trust , a london-based charity which aims to ` make society a safer place '. scroll down for video. funny ? a selection of t-shirts -lrb- pictured -rrb- branded with jokes about stalking has been slammed by the suzy lamplugh trust , a charity which aims to ` make society a safer place ' the t-shirts in question are sold in us and uk stores including zazzle , look human and north shore shirts. ' a spokesman from the suzy lamplugh trust told mailonline that these common slogans seem harmless but they prevent the crime from being taken seriously.
last weekend , after a sunny day in the borders , i posted this picture of myself on twitter with the caption ` just met nicola sturgeon lookalike out canvassing ! ' i admit , it was n't a particularly funny joke , but i had no idea of the outrage my light-hearted comment would provoke from the devoted followers of scotland 's first minister and the leader of the snp. i was called ugly , vile , ` someone who deserves to die ' , and one wit even ` hoped i would catch malaria '. luckily , i 've got a thick skin , but whatever happened to free speech ? in the knockabout atmosphere of an election campaign , everything is up for debate.
the tears have dried but for how long ? it 's been almost a year to the day since darrell clarke cracked in front of the cameras as he explained how bristol rovers fell out of the football league for the first time since 1920. if he had spent the entire press conference scratching his head in silence no-one would have blamed him. rovers had spent less than an hour in the league two relegation zone all season but , crucially , it was the last hour of the campaign. the music stopped , mansfield had beaten them 1-0 , the two other teams that needed to win had won , and rovers were left without a seat.
a new video of rihanna at the coachella music festival appears to show the star preparing a suspicious substance and holding her nose. the clip , posted on instagram and quickly deleted , show the 27-year-old singer sitting at a table with what looks like a slim white tube in her hands as her pals dance around her. after the camera cuts to her friends , it then pans back to rihanna holding her nose for several seconds. scroll down for videos. something to tell us rihanna ? after the camera cuts to her pals , it then pans back to rihanna holding her nose for several seconds.
pep guardiola hit his critics for six as bayern munich trounced porto to reach the champions league semi-finals on tuesday night. it was an emphatic statement of intent : the german juggernaught is steaming towards the final in berlin on june 6. the six goals smashed past the hapless portuguese pretenders in the quarter-final second leg at the allianz arena now takes bayern 's goals total for the season to a spectacular and barely believable 115. bayern still have five bundesliga matches to play as they march towards a third consecutive title , the german cup semi-final against borussia dortmund on april 28 , and potentially three champions league matches , should they reach the final.
i hope when you were sitting at home in front of your tellies looking forward to the latest instalment of the arsene vs jose show that you remembered all important thing : this classic managerial match-up is no capital club sprint , it 's a london derby marathon. perhaps they can do that next year ? this year , instead , once the actual race was run , all roads led to the emirates and a sky sports team all set to act as pacemaker for the afternoon. arsene wenger has a look in the direction of jose mourinho during the stalemate at the emirates.
'' -rrb- and how to open the minds of people about someone everyone already has an opinion about ? same questions , no doubt , that the staff asked in 2008 when she ran against the newbie barack obama , and same questions they asked when , as first lady , she ran for the senate in new york. -lrb- except guy fieri would probably have been recognized by the crowd at chipotle. dining aside , it 's hard -- almost impossible -- to soft-launch a campaign with a superstar politician. all the gauzy ads and the small classrooms and the coffee shops ca n't mask the houdini-like effort hillary clinton is making to escape the inescapable reality -- that even her `` scooby-doo '' van is followed by throngs of press.
floyd mayweather dismissed conor mcgregor 's recent comments about being able to ` kill ' the boxer inside 30 seconds - claiming he is just being a publicity hound. with under two weeks to go until his $ 300milllion fight with manny pacquiao , the undefeated champion claims that the irish ufc star is just looking to gain some attention off the back of the media frenzy surrounding the fight. he told tmz sports : ' i do n't take that dude seriously. ' conor mcgregor showed off his expensive bmw 640i m sport convertible on his latest instagram post. mcgregor fights jose aldo on july 11 , as his metaphoric rise in the ufc continues with a shot at the featherweight world title.
as if it was n't bad enough having a job that involves routinely entering strangers ' homes , these estate agents may have just been put off for life. as a part of sky living 's promotion for its upcoming three-part drama , the enfield haunting , real london estate agents were invited to value a house in a viral video. london estate agents were invited to a fake haunted house , where they were subject to terrifying pranks. installed with secret cameras , microphones and booby traps , the unsuspecting estate agents are subject to cruel , but hilarious , pranks - which prompt hysterical reactions.
catania , italy -lrb- cnn -rrb- the boat that sank in the mediterranean over the weekend with hundreds of migrants on board may have capsized after being touched or swamped by a cargo ship that came to its aid , a u.n. official said. carlotta asami , a spokeswoman for the united nations ' refugee agency , made the comments to cnn early tuesday after she and two of her colleagues had spoken to multiple survivors from the disaster who arrived in catania , italy. they said that as the cargo ship king jacob approached late saturday , migrants on the smaller boat moved to one side , hoping to be saved , and caused the vessel to capsize.
bbc presenter charlie stayt has been blasted after he misspelt the word ` education ' during a live report on the issue. viewers took to twitter to complain after he missed out the letter ` c ' when he scrawled the word on a whiteboard at a primary school in southampton , hampshire. the presenter left out the letter ` c ' when he wrote the word for the third time on the whiteboard this morning. whilst mike knowles tweeted : ` if you 're presenting a live report about education on #bbcbreakfast maybe double check how you spell education. ' viewer john morley added : ` fantastic , #bbcbreakfast presenter ca n't spell education.
the celebrity chef , who lives in los angeles with his actress wife lindsay price and their two boys , hudson aged three and seven-month-old emerson , is not about to let junk food pass their mouths. scroll down for video. healthy living : curtis stone and his actress wife lindsay price have two boys , hudson , 3 , and emerson , 7 months. ` of course one day he will be invited to a party at a fast food restaurant and i 'm not going to say no , you can live a life of course , but you are in charge of his day to day.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- caught up in a rip current while snorkeling at finn 's beach in bali , roxy walsh was holding on to some rocks when she spotted something special. but there were no other clues -lrb- besides the fact that the words were written in english -rrb- as to where the couple might live. when she returned home to palm beach , australia , walsh was determined to reunite the ring with its owner. she went to the 5,000 members of her company 's facebook page , kids in adelaide , to reunite joe and jenny with the ring.
ed miliband was accused of ` offensive ' behaviour ` touching on racism ' by a sikh community leader yesterday after banning journalists from a place of worship. the labour leader visited the gurdwara -- a sikh temple -- during a campaign tour of the midlands on wednesday. worshippers were also banned from using cameras and phones to take pictures of the labour leader , who had donned a red head-covering to comply with sikh customs. scroll down for video. behind closed doors : ed miliband , donning a red head-covering to comply with sikh customs , in secret footage from the gurdwara.
` evil ' : the duchess of cambridge 's uncle gary goldsmith took to twitter after his beloved chihuahua cheech was run over by a ` speeding ' cyclist in regents park. the duchess of cambridge 's uncle hit out yesterday at a ` speeding ' cyclist who ran over his dog and ` left him for dead '. gary goldsmith , the controversial brother of kate 's mother , carole middleton , posted a picture of the alleged culprit who hit his chihuahua , cheech , on social media. ' the flamboyant millionaire businessman , who was once caught up in a tabloid sting in which he was alleged to have offered a reporter drugs and prostitutes , was with his wife julie-ann in regent 's park at 8.30 am yesterday.
your wedding is fast approaching and , as a last hurrah , you decide to celebrate in the most extravagant way possible - with a trip to ` space vegas '. here even a ` poor space miner can maybe strike it lucky at the zero-g roulette tables '. that 's the fantastic future imagined by one artist , whose awe-inspiring drawings of a next-generation space station in orbit reveal what space travel may one day look like. concept artist alex brady from cambridge has created beautiful pictures of what space travel might look like. he imagines a space station of tomorrow similar to las vegas -lrb- shown in image -rrb- , with neon lights and plenty of attractions.
children caught throwing rocks at police in the northern territory will be removed from their families if their parents do n't ` get off the grog ' and bring them home , the local government has warned. the northern territory 's chief minister adam giles and minister for children and families john elferink made the threat after a recent rise in youth crime in alice springs surrounding the easter holidays. mr elferink threatened : ` if parents do n't want to see their children in care then they need to get off the grog and head back to their home community.
a policeman has ploughed a lone furrow after ten years as one of the most remotely stationed officers in australia. later this year senior constable neale mcshane is set to retire from his decade long post in the harsh region of birdsville , which borders on the simpson desert in far south-west queensland. the 59-year-old has spent 40 years as an officer in three different states , but he told daily mail australia that nothing compares to the immense heat and desolate conditions of patrolling birsdville , which has a jurisdiction of about the size of the united kingdom. scroll down for video.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- after deliberating for more than 35 hours over parts of seven days , listening intently to the testimony of more than 130 witnesses and reviewing more than 400 pieces of evidence , the teary-eyed men and women of the jury exchanged embraces. since late january , their work in the massachusetts murder trial of former nfl star aaron hernandez had consumed their lives. '' the days were long and tedious. `` it 's been an incredibly emotional toll on all of us , '' lesa strachan told cnn 's anderson cooper thursday in the first nationally televised interview with members of the jury.
the number plate that got jeremy clarkson and his former top gear colleagues harangued out of argentina was a direct reference to the falklands war , a judge has ruled. while the bbc claimed the plate , which read h982 fkl , was an ` unhappy coincidence ' , maria cristina barrionuevo said they were deliberately ` provoking people ' when they drove it through the country last year. scroll down for video. a judge has ruled the controversial number plate that led to jeremy clarkson and his top gear colleagues being thrown out of argentina was a deliberate reference to the 1982 falklands war.
the fbi repeatedly deceived congress by destroying vital files relating to the assassination of martin luther king , a new book claims. leading king historian stuart wexler said that the bureau chose to cover up the potential role of a high level informant in the killing rather than tell the truth. by destroying the files the fbi disobeyed a direct order not to do so from a congressional committee which had been set up to investigate the killing of king and former president john f kennedy. wexler told daily mail online that the bureau 's actions were ` disturbing ' and that his research had left him suspecting that agents had mounted a deliberate operation to bury the truth forever.
every one of africa 's 54 member countries will vote for sepp blatter in next month 's fifa presidential election , the continent 's soccer boss said on tuesday , referring to the 79-year-old swiss as ` dear sepp. ' in front of blatter 's three challengers , issa hayatou , president of the confederation of african football , promised unanimous support in his speech to open caf 's annual congress in cairo. africa stays with you , ' hayatou said , according to a transcript of his comments provided by caf. sepp blatter -lrb- left -rrb- has received the full backing of african football 's president issa hayatou -lrb- right -rrb-.
ahead of another weekend in the barclays premier league , sportsmail brings you the latest squad news , odds and stats on every top flight fixture as it breaks. simply click on your team in the fixture list below to find out who is ruled out and who is making a return as well as all the key statistics surrounding your club 's fixture. in or out ? keep up-to-date with all the latest team news and stats ahead of the premier league weekend. arsenal vs liverpool -lrb- 12.45 pm -rrb-. everton vs southampton -lrb- 3pm -rrb-. leicester city vs west ham united -lrb- 3pm -rrb-.
judges have caused controversy by ordering that the parents of nine children involved in plots to travel to syria should have their identities hidden. they include three terror suspects who have all previously been named but now can not be identified to protect their youngsters from the glare of publicity. also among the parents are a couple who lied to the authorities about losing their daughter 's passport. scroll down for video. all smiles : waheed ahmed , son of labour councillor shakil ahmed , after being held on the syrian border. one case involves a family of nine britons -- three men , two women and four children aged between one and 11 -- who were caught trying to get into lawless syria from turkey last week.
the huge build-up to england women 's under 19 replay against norway was truly bizarre and unprecedented. leah williamson held incredible nerve to retake a penalty which she ought to have taken on saturday , were it not for german referee marjia kurtes ' terrific blunder. kurtes disallowed williamson 's penalty for encroachment from england players at the weekend , but instead of ordering her back to the spot , awarded a free-kick to norway. leah williamson -lrb- centre -rrb- stepped up again to take the penalty during the 18-second rematch against norway. williamson went the same way as her successful spot-kick last saturday and found the net once again.
the founder and ceo of chobani has settled a lawsuit filed by his ex-wife , who laid claim to half the $ 2 billion greek yogurt empire. his american-born ex , dr. ayse giray , sued him in 2012 on claims her family lent him $ 500,000 that helped make his dreams a reality. on april 10 , after years of wrangling and a pronouncement by giray 's camp just last month that the parties were no where near an agreement , ulukaya settled for an unknown sum. settled : hamdi ulukaya , the founder and ceo of chobani , has settled a lawsuit filed by his ex-wife , who laid claim to half the $ 2 billion greek yogurt empire.
unite baron len mccluskey has boasted that trade unions ` own ' the labour party and its policies. ` the labour party is our party. ' the boast comes only 24 hours after alex salmond bragged that he would be writing labour 's budget. the arrogant claim by the former scottish first minister , who is running as an snp candidate , was featured on the front page of yesterday 's mail. unite boss len mccluskey , pictured , boasted that the trade union movement ` owns ' the labour party. the intervention of mr mccluskey , so soon after mr salmond 's mocking remarks , is another humiliation for ed miliband.
ahead of the 79th edition of the masters , sportsmail counts down the 20 greatest shots ever seen at augusta national golf club. here are nos 20-11. mark o'meara celebrates his winning putt in 1998. aged 41 , mark o'meara 's chances of a major championship appeared to have gone despite a fine career and many victories on the pga tour. but o'meara shot two birdies in three holes from the 15th on sunday and a good approach into the 18th left him with a 20-footer to beat david duval and fred couples. and he was soon handed his green jacket by woods in the butler cabin.
beach-goers were faced with a different kind of sea creature when they entered the water at victoria 's picturesque rye beach last week - a swimming echidna ! the prickly australian mammal was filmed paddling out to sea in the turquoise waters off the mornington peninsula , 83 km south of melbourne. scroll down for video. this echidna was spotted paddling out to sea off rye beach , a popular surfing and fishing spot on victoria 's mornington peninsula. the video of the swimming echidna , which looks to be happily using its ant-eating snout as a snorkel , was posted online by youtube user emma b.
the prime minister made the gaffe on a campaign visit to devon , before risking the wrath of purists by claiming ` it all tastes the same '. scroll down for video. david cameron , on a visit to devon this morning , made the blunder of confusing the two methods for eating a cream tea. how do you eat your scone ? how do you eat your scone ? now share your opinion. the tory leader has spent the day campaigning in devon , where he must win several seats if he is to stand any chance of winning a majority.
rescue workers tasked with freeing almost 100 dogs that had been kept locked up in a blacked-out barn in tennessee this week say they were met with fear when approaching the animals , but not their own. i saw little to no emotion , and when i did see an emotion , i saw fear , ' said scotlund haisley , president of animal rescue corps , which led the rescue operation. the dogs , who had been living in complete darkness , were found last saturday in the barn in manchester ; many emaciated , ` living in several inches of their own waste ' and close to death.
china 's ding junhui suffered a bizarre lapse of concentration which ended his chance of a rare maximum 147 break at the world snooker championship on tuesday. the world no 3 suddenly realised what he had done and held his head in his hands before starting to giggle along with his first-round opponent mark davis. the chinese world no 3 realised what he had done and chuckled during his first-round match with mark davis. ding would have pocketed # 30,000 for a maximum break , which has only been achieved 10 times in the world championships at the crucible theatre in sheffield.
harvey weinstein 's wife of eight years is furious and humiliated by the allegations that he groped a 22-year-old italian model , according to a new report. fashion designer georgina chapman , 38 , said she does not want the accusations tied to ambra battilana and her husband to further embarrass their children or interrupt her business , a source told the new york daily news. she thinks it 's embarrassing not only to her but to their kids , ' said the socialite who worked with the couple. weinstein , 63 , has emphatically denied sexually assaulting battilana during a march 27 business meeting at his tribeca office.
watching a 3-1 first leg aggregate advantage turn into a 7-4 deficit come the end of the reverse encounter too could send many fans apoplectic at the capitulation of their side. porto supporters gave their team a hero 's welcome following their 6-1 defeat at bayern munich on tuesday. porto star striker jackson martinez was one of many players to look perplexed by their warm reception. porto boss julen lopetegui -lrb- left -rrb- was hugged by fans congratulating him on their champions league run. police escorts were needed to keep the delirious supporters at bay as the porto team bus drove past.
facebook has two days to release all emails to a defense lawyer whose client has fled from criminal charges that he falsely claimed a majority ownership in the social media giant. ceglia has been on the run for a month after cutting off his electronic ankle bracelet. his father told a court they believe facebook and the prosecutors were conspiring against him. on friday , u.s. district judge vernon broderick told facebook inc. and owner mark zuckerberg they have until monday to relinquish the information that was requested by ceglia 's lawyer , robert ross fogg. the order ignores zuckerberg 's request to wait until ceglia is caught before handing over the documents.
researchers have uncovered the reason why skin is so difficult to tear even when put under extreme pressures , by cutting samples of real skin and attempting to pull them apart. they found that rather than simply tearing , mammalian skin actually has sophisticated stress resistance properties that prevent holes and cuts from expanding. the researchers cut real skin samples and then attempted to rip them by pulling them apart -lrb- shown above -rrb-. using x-ray beams they were able to directly observe the microscopic changes that take place in skin to help it resist tearing during their stomach churning experiments.
the banyan tree in guangxi province does not stand on a single trunk , but a whole web of roots. scroll down for video. fairy tale : the banyan looks like enchanted trees found in children 's books. uprooted : the original tree roots grew up against a wall , before it was moved to a nearby park. originally the roots of the tree grew up against a wall , but when the wall was demolished the tree was carefully uprooted to its new location northern gulf marine and cultural park in fangchenggang city. the roots then became the trunk of the tree , leading to its strange appearance.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- recently , nashville 's district attorney banned prosecutors from offering female sterilization in plea deals. believe it or not , nashville prosecutors have offered this option four times in the past five years. there has been public outrage at the notion that a defendant in america in 2015 would be offered a choice of sterilization as part of a plea deal. some have claimed this practice `` evokes a dark corner of american history '' where the mentally ill or `` deficient '' were forced to undergo sterilization. female sterilization is linked to the controversial `` eugenics '' movement , which advocated for the notion that the human race can be improved by selective breeding of people with superior genes.
a self-proclaimed animal lover was ` shocked ' and ` disgusted ' to find a ball that she thinks was purpose designed to harm animals or children near her home. tegan peters , 22 , from auckland new zealand said she immediately wanted to warn her pakuranga community after finding a tennis ball deliberately covered in sharp pins in ti rakau park , south of auckland. self-proclaimed animal lover , tegan peters , pictured with her dog odin , was ` shocked ' and ` disgusted ' to find a ball that she thinks was purpose designed to harm animals or children near her home.
a game of cat and mouse has been captured in a series of striking images as the pair battle it out on a shed rooftop like a real life version of much-loved cartoon duo tom and jerry. the snaps of a cat playing with a mouse on a roof in shepton mallet , somerset , illustrate the perils the tiny rodents face in the town. ironically the pet cat 's name is mouse. the pictures were taken by the cat 's owner jason bryant who confirmed the inevitable outcome of the encounter. she often brings them into the house at 3am and then i can rescue them.
michael bisping is eyeing a long-awaited homecoming ahead of his fight against cb dollaway. the manchester middleweight takes on dollaway in montreal on saturday night bidding to avoid losing successive fights for the first time in his career. and assuming he does so , bisping is open to fighting again in glasgow this july , five years since he last fought in the uk. michael bisping gets up close to cb dolloway during the ufc 186 weigh-in at metropolis on friday. ` he 's going to look for a takedown , i 'm going to stop that takedown. ` i 'm in the best training situation of my life -- if i had this type of training my entire career , i 'd have been a world champion five years ago.
duhok , iraqi kurdistan -lrb- cnn -rrb- the children laugh and shriek , as some of them seem to always have the capacity to do no matter how depressing the circumstances. the shariya refugee camp opened around six months ago , made up of some 4,000 tents and counting. thousands of yazidis now call this corner of iraqi kurdistan home , about 18 miles -lrb- 30 kilometers -rrb- from one of the front lines with isis , where one can hear the occasional reverberation in the distance of what we are told are airstrikes. the vast majority of the camp 's occupants are from the town of sinjar , which is near the border with syrian kurdistan , and fled the isis assault there back in august.
yet , despite all this interest , the rest of us remain baffled , emotionally and scientifically , by the uncanny bonds identical twins share. ashley -lrb- left -rrb- and mary-kate olsen -lrb- right -rrb- are two of the most famous twins in the world and despite their very similar appearances they are not actually identical twins. take pre-colonial brazilians , who thought twins were a product of adultery , resulting in the poor innocent mother often being executed for her supposed infidelity. some primitive african societies abhorred twins because of the way multiple births resemble an animal 's litter. in greek mythology , however , twins were believed to be the product of human intercourse with the gods , meaning they were sacred , while ancient slavs maintained that twins shared one special soul.
defeated : napoleon -lrb- illustrated -rrb- lost at the battle of waterloo in 1815. guests attending a service in london to mark the 200th anniversary of the battle of waterloo have been told not to act in a ` triumphalist ' way -- to avoid upsetting the french. invitations to the service at st paul 's cathedral advise that it will avoid glorifying the duke of wellington 's historic victory over napoleon in 1815. but last night the move was criticised by politicians , who said it ` took political correctness to an absurd new degree '. ' instead , the service -- to be attended by members of the royal family and senior political and military figures -- will focus on the ` pan-european ' implications of the battle and the century of peace that followed.
the mere mention of somalia elicits images of poverty or violent conflict for most people who have never travelled to the nation in the horn of africa. one of the brightest stars , ugaaso abukar boocow , has become a celebrity on instagram , where she is trying to change people 's perceptions with photos and videos that reveal a side of somalia that most people have never seen. scroll down for video. with nearly 70,000 followers , ugaaso abukar boocow -lrb- pictured -rrb- has become a celebrity on instagram. the 27-year-old is trying to change people 's perceptions of somalia with her photos of everyday life.
in 1982 , hollywood-born chanteuse charlene had a surprise worldwide hit with i 've never been to me. one of the most irritating lyrics in the song - it has many - is when she sings about the ` isle of greece ' , as if she were discussing the isle of man or the isle of wight. do n't take this the wrong way , america , but is there anybody in your country with a geography o-level to their name ? this may come as a surprise to our transatlantic cousins but greece has rather more islands in its portfolio than one - in fact there are more than 6,000 , most of them uninhabited.
those who achieve greatness are high achievers from an early stage. they know this better than most at anfield. by the time he was 20 in december 1999 , his list of accomplishments read like the wish-list of many footballers. he had been named pfa young player of the year -lrb- 1998 -rrb- , scored one of the greatest world cup finals goals and won bbc sports personality of the year. there were also 18 england caps and he had passed 50 career goals for liverpool. raheem sterling , pictured in training on thursday , has rejected a new contract worth # 100,000-a-week.
a 16-year-old schoolboy is warning classmates to avoid the ` kylie jenner ' challenge after being left with a bruised face when he sucked into a glass to emulate the kardashians star 's bee-stung pout. but the 16-year-old was left with dark bruising around his lips and chin which lasted more than three days. scroll down for video. kevin coulton , 16 , put his lips in the rim of a glass and blew to achieve a fuller pout. but the schoolboy was left with bruising round his chin and mouth. now he is warning classmates not to take part in the craze sparked by beauty-conscious youths desperate for a fuller pout.
what a perfect game to represent such an absurd season. bournemouth were out of it. then it all went bonkers and eddie howe was caught between feelings of regret and unhappiness with paul tierney , the referee. the glorious detail is that bournemouth trailed to a kieran lee sucker punch , levelled through yann kermorgant and then had a man sent off. chris maguire converts an injury time penalty so salvage a draw for sheffield wednesday at dean court. maguire celebrates his late , late strike as the owls held bournemouth to a draw on their home turf. bournemouth : boruc , francis , elphick , cook , -lrb- jones 64 -rrb- , daniels , ritchie , arter , surman , pugh -lrb- smith 57 -rrb- , kermorgant -lrb- ward 81 -rrb- , wilson.
judging by her tiny waist , sienna miller works at maintaining her shape. sienna miller s a yoga fan - her mother started one of the first london yoga schools in the seventies. but the mother-of-one is a yoga fan - her mother started one of the first london yoga schools in the seventies. sienna also works with a personal trainer , power-walking and jogging around her local park and using light weights to tone muscles. hip rolls , a pilates move that targets the ` oblique ' abdominal muscles around the waist. lie on your back , knees bent and feet flat on floor , hip-width apart.
and on sunday director gareth edwards took to the stage to reveal a few details about rogue one , the first of the standalone star wars films , at the stars wars celebration in anaheim , california. at the same time , the iconic franchise 's twitter account posted a capsule of the storyline , saying : ' a band of resistance fighters unite for a daring mission to steal the death star plans in star wars anthology film , rogue one #rogueone. ' scroll down for video ... first look : director gareth edwards revealed a glimpse of the first star wars spin-off rogue one at the star wars celebration convention in anaheim , california , on sunday.
the search for missing woman jessica bialek is over after she returned to her home this evening. the 37-year-old had been missing since about 8:30 am on wednesday morning. she returned to her home near sydney on thursday evening , and is ` safe and well ' with loved ones. ms bialek 's husband , sabino matera , confirmed she was home shortly after 6:30 pm on thursday. scroll down for video. the father of missing sydney woman jessica bialek -lrb- pictured -rrb- has made a desperate plea for information about her whereabouts. found. police have confirmed ms bialek returned home , and she is now speaking with officers about her disappearance.
the man who threw a banana peel at dave chappelle on monday night denies he is racist , claiming it was ` just a joke '. defending his actions , christian englander added that he threw another at a second black man just two days later - insisting that was also a joke. ` i 'm sorry that my joke was misconstrued as a racial attack on dave chappelle , ' the 30-year-old artist told the albuquerque journal. englander was arrested on suspicion of disorderly conduct and battery during chapelle 's show in new mexico. on thursday , he claims to have hurled another banana peel at a man who confronted him about the first attack outside a santa fe bar.
the enormous 20,000 square foot mansion in the ritzy suburb of barrington is opulent and private , sitting by two lakes in eight acres of manicured gardens. scroll down for video. it took five years to build the house , which sits by two lakes in eight acres of manicured gardens. the sophisticated five bedroom , nine bathroom french country-style estate that serves as a glamorous backdrop to the show is listed at $ 13 million , having failed to find a buyer at $ 15.9 million since it first hit the market in 2013. it took five years to build the enormous mansion , with construction finally coming to a halt in 2008.
what alastair cook did here , particularly in the first hour of his innings , was spot-on. this was really encouraging for the england captain but ultimately hugely frustrating because he could n't push on to that all-important hundred. cook 's problem has been opponents stopping him scoring in areas where he has always been prolific. he has struggled when he has looked to make runs with shots that he rarely employed before. alastair cook 's innings into day three in grenada was spot on , particularly the first hour of it. cook worked his way to an encouraging 50 but frustratingly was out playing shannon gabriel on for 76.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- most climbers who try do n't succeed in summiting the 29,035-foot-high mount everest , the world 's tallest peak. thousands of pounds of it. that 's why an experienced climbing group from the indian army plans to trek up the 8,850-meter mountain to pick up at least 4,000 kilograms -lrb- more than 8,000 pounds -rrb- of waste from the high-altitude camps , according to india today. the mountain is part of the himalaya mountain range on the border between nepal and the tibet region. the 34-member team plans to depart for kathmandu on saturday and start the ascent in mid-may.
pouting and playing with her mother 's pearl necklace , sweden 's princess leonore looked distinctly out of sorts during a visit to the vatican. cradled in the arms of her pregnant mother , princess madeleine , 32 , the little girl was instead whisked off to meet pope francis. displeased : princess leonore looked less than impressed with her trip to the vatican. madeleine , who wore a traditional lace mantilla for the occasion , is thought to be around six months pregnant with her second child and will give birth this summer. but before that happens , she has a busy schedule of events in and outside of sweden to complete - many with her british businessman husband christopher o'neill , 40 , by her side.
when pele and bobby moore embraced , yielding perhaps the most famous of all images of sportsmanship on a football pitch , the final whistle had already blown. that was in 1970 , at the end of a wonderfully hard-fought world cup group match between england and brazil , which the south americans won 1-0. so loudly did the football world applaud such an exhibition of mutual respect between two giants of the game that all these decades later , the applause still resounds. newcastle keeper tim krul congratulated sunderland striker jermain defoe on his goal at half-time. bobby moore 's famous hug with pele in 1970 is often held up as the peak of sportsmanship.
for a limited time starbucks will be introducing the s'more frappuccino which is scheduled to hit stored on tuesday , april 28. cnn reports that bottles of the flavor have been on sale in grocery stores since last month. s'more fun for summer : for a limited time starbucks will be introducing the s'more frappuccino which is scheduled to hit stored on tuesday , april 28. camping favorite : starbucks says that the drink is inspired by the ` the nostalgic summer experience of roasting s'mores. ' starbucks says that the drink is inspired by the ` the nostalgic summer experience of roasting s'mores.
water police have been called in to help with the search of a missing autistic boy , as 11-year-old luke shambrook is ` fascinated ' by water but can not swim. luke has been missing for two nights in a victorian national park , with temperatures dropping to as low as eight degree celsius on saturday night. he was last seen leaving candlebark campground in fraser national park near lake eildon at 9.30 am on good friday. according the herald sun , the 11-year-old was reportedly seen walking near the devils river on sunday , four kilometres south of his campsite where he was last seen.
roman abramovich has never spoken in public since buying chelsea , nor is there any expectation that he will. marina granovskaia is a chelsea director and arguably the most powerful woman in english football as the club 's transfer and contract negotiator. she is also abramovich 's day-to-day link with his football team. she is confirmed to speak -- at least according to the organisers -- for the first time publicly to an audience of 300 senior sports industry figures at a women in sport conference planned by the leaders brand on may 21. marina granovskaia poses with eden hazard as the chelsea playmaker signs his new contract in february.
` the ability of colour to transfrom surroundings , to excite , inspire , tantalise and calm , is second to none ! ' enthuses ahern , who says walking into her own colourful home gives her a ` squishy feeling of contentment ' everyday. abigail ahern described the colours used by kelly wearstler in her malibu beachhouse as ` the most beautiful and complex i 've ever seen ' ahern says of this miami home : ` inspired by a natural palette -- silvery greys , driftwood taupes , watery greens and storm cloud greys -- it 's what you might call glammed-up neutrals.
kitchens sell houses. they are the heart of the home , the hub of dinner parties and usually the ` debrief of the day ' meeting room. after judging the kitchens on the block last week and taking into account what buyers look for in a kitchen , property buyers expert frank valentic gives his tips for ensuring great kitchen design. activity based design :. the key to ensuring the practicality of your kitchen is to zone areas of the kitchen based on activities e.g. food preparation , cooking , clean-up etc. with storage for those activities within those zones. there 's no use in a pretty kitchen when your preparation area is on the opposite end of the kitchen from your stovetop.
scientists say we know how far away the source of a sound is by listening to the echoes it produces. scientists at the university of connecticut say we know how far away the source of a sound is by listening to the echoes it produces -lrb- stock image shown -rrb-. in a study they found that the reverberation of sound helps us locate the distance of , for example , a car passing round a bend or a person nearby. the research was conducted by scientists from the university of connecticut and published in the journal of neuroscience. they said that echoes and fluctuations in volume are the cues we use to figure out the distance between us and the source of a noise.
john lewis is still desperately trying to sell its leftover christmas stock despite spending millions on a festive advertising campaign. the department store has slashed the prices on almost 200 products in an attempt to flog christmas trees , festive ornaments and decorations - more than three months after december 25. it comes after the major high street outlet reportedly spent # 7million on its tear-jerking 2014 christmas advert campaign featuring monty the penguin. the department store giant has slashed its prices on its christmas decorations and festive themed gifts such as this gold reindeer , cut from # 20 to # 10.
the sheriff who had former new england patriots player aaron hernandez in custody for more than 18 months said tuesday that he 's a master manipulator and will probably do fine in prison now that he has been sentenced to life for murder. bristol county sheriff thomas hodgson said hernandez knows how to use his charm and manipulate better than anyone he has ever seen , adding that the former football star is generally affable and polite and would try to use those qualities to get what he wanted at the bristol county house of corrections. ` he would just try to convince the officers to give him more than what they otherwise could get.
saturday night live cast member cecily strong took aim at barack obama and washington 's elite when she hosted the correspondents ' dinner. scroll down for video. cecily strong , -lrb- center -rrb- the saturday night live cast member and host of the white house correspondents dinner , skewered hillary clinton , barack obama and republican hopefuls during her 20-minute speech. one of strong 's best jokes poked fun at both the president and police brutality , when she said obama 's graying hair ` is so white now it can talk back to the police ' j.mendel floral halterneck mermaid gown.
the u.s. teenager facing 15 years in jail for the murder of her mother grinned nervously as she took her baby to court in bali again today - while maintaining her innocence. heather mack ,19 , smiled and laughed as she cradled her baby stella - born last month - in a holding cell at the denpasar district court as she announced : ' i should not be sent to prison because i 'm innocent. i did n't murder my mother. ' she was also filmed singing the rihanna hit umbrella as she nursed the infant outside of the courtroom. heather mack , pictured smiling behind bars , is accused of the murder of her socialite mother , sheila von wiese-mack.
the relationship between the fa and premier league -- never great at the best of times -- has deteriorated further with the ridiculous clash of fixtures on saturday. both organisations blame each other for their respective rights holders , sky and the bbc , scheduling the marquee chelsea vs manchester united league match against the fa cup semi-final between reading and arsenal. the cup game attracted a peak audience of 6.9 million , over treble the 2m rating for the pl game on sky. arsenal 's fa cup semi-final victory over reading on saturday clashed with a top premier league fixture.
andre schurrle admits he was relieved to end his goal drought by scoring his first goal for wolfsburg in the bundesliga on saturday. the former chelsea forward thanked wolfsburg supporters for their patience and admitted not scoring for the german side was ` eating away ' at him. the 24-year-old scored his first since joining from chelsea in february as they beat stuttgart 3-1. andre schurrle admits he was relieved to end his goal drought by scoring his first goal for wolfsburg. the former chelsea forward thanked wolfsburg supporters for their patience as he netted on saturday. i 've missed a lot of chances here and i 'm just happy to have hit the target now , ' schurrle said.
this musically-minded dog would rather be playing piano sonatas. sadie the german shepherd was filmed at home in alberta , canada , switching on an electric organ with her nose and sitting down to play some tunes. footage shows her plonking her front paws down along the keyboard , as she sits with her back legs positioned on the piano stool. instead of classical music , sadie appears to recite a minimalist piece with clashing notes and no time signature. after a confident start , the pup takes a pause and looks towards the camera. signaling a brief moment of musical frustration , sadie puts one paw to her head before returning to tickle the ivories.
a family of four are lucky to be alive after a bedroom ceiling collapsed in their home. the damage was just part of the destruction caused by cowboy builders who had been called in to fix a leak in the beckle-raymond 's three bedroom property in north london. instead , they left phillip , his wife gaby and their two young children , orion and aurielle , in an unsafe building with no roof while they ran off with # 17,000 of their money. scroll down for video. ` when the builders walked out , we only had tarpaulin protecting the house throughout winter , ' gaby explains on channel 5 show britain 's horror homes.
with the rouble in trouble , russians are freezing at home , rather than sizzling in india 's flop-in-the-sun western state. blissful : agonda beach is one of the many relaxed stretches of shoreline along the edge of goa. the beaches are more relaxed , the restaurants and bars quieter , the accessories less shiny. on arrival , we head for ashvem beach , in the north , for three nights at yab yum resorts. ' even without the russians , the beach is a hive of activity. goa has 11 hours of sunshine a day at this time of year.
there will have been eight madrid derbies by the end of this season , no city showdown has been played more in recent years. mailsport looks at the reasons why atletico madrid 's meeting with real madrid can also lay claim to be the greatest city derby in world football. carlo ancelotti must accommodate cristiano ronaldo , gareth bale and karim benzema and that leaves him little choice but to play a 4-3-3. cristiano ronaldo , gareth bale and karim benzema must all be accommodated , leaving little choice but 4-3-3. real madrid and atletico madrid are meeting for the fifth and sixth time in european competition that brings them level with inter and ac milan in number of city duels.
ufc women 's champion ronda rousey reinforced her support for manny pacquiao in his may 2 megafight with floyd mayweather as she paid a visit to the filipino 's los angeles training camp. rousey , the undefeated ufc bantamweight title holder , has made it clear she is in underdog pacquiao 's camp in the the lead up to the fight. thank you @mannypacquiao for welcoming us into your home , ' rousey posted on twitter. ronda rousey said she was ` truly honoured to meet such a humble and genuine person ' in manny pacquiao. pacquiao posted this image with rousey on his twitter page after a visit in los angeles.
vidarbha , india -lrb- cnn -rrb- yogita kanhaiya is expecting a baby soon. she already has a two-year-old son. he committed suicide early in the pregnancy. eight years back , yogita 's father-in-law , also a cotton farmer , took his own life. `` he was in so much debt , '' 25-year-old yogita said of her late husband. '' it 's a familiar story in families across western india 's cotton production belt , where , a cotton lobbyist group claims , one cotton farmer commits suicide every eight hours. `` we get reports of two to three farmer suicides every day , '' said kishor tiwari , leader of the farmers advocacy group , vidarbha jan andolan samiti -lrb- vjas -rrb-.
sasha , 14 , was spotted listening to earbuds as she , sister malia and their parents ditched the white house - and the press pool - for an impromptu trip to great falls park in virginia on sunday. the unscheduled trip came after the white house had sent reporters home for the day , sending the presidential press pool into a temporary tumult about where president barack obama and the first family had gone. scroll down for video. tuning out of politics : sasha obama , 14 , was spotted with white earbuds in her ears as she and the first family hiked at great falls park in virginia during an impromptu escape from the white house.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- an amnesty international report is calling for authorities to address the number of attacks on women 's rights activists in afghanistan. the report , entitled `` their lives on the line , '' examines the persecution of activists and other champions of women 's rights not only by the taliban and tribal warlords , but also by government officials. the brutal murder of farkhunda , a young woman in afghanistan , whose body was burnt and callously chucked into a river in kabul , shocked the world. accused of burning pages from the muslim holy book , the quran , many protested the 27-year-old 's innocence.
self-styled ` anarchist libertarian ' squatters have set up camp in one of london 's most historic monuments and unfurled banners reading ` homes for all '. the protesters mounted admiralty arch , which joins trafalgar square with the mall , and called for others to join them. it is not clear what their protest is attempting to highlight , as a garbled message posted on facebook by the group simply calls for ` christmas lights ... any and all radical/revolutionary messages '. scroll down for video. self-styled ` anarchist libertarian ' squatters have set up camp in one of london 's most historic monuments and unfurled banners reading ` homes for all ' one of the banners read , ` respect existence or expect resistance ' and another , ` better to squat than let homes rot ' the protesters mounted the arch which joins trafalgar square with the mall , and called for others to join them.
paige vanzant and felice herrig had to be pulled apart as they squared off ahead of their strawweight clash in new jersey. vanzant , at only 21 and with just five fights behind her , has already ruffled feathers after being one of a select few to sign an individual contract with reebok. felice herrig and paige vanzant face off during the weigh-in. herrig and vanzant will face each other in the octagon on saturday night. vanzant steps on the scale during the ufc fight night weigh-in event at the prudential center. vanzant fights for the second time under the ufc banner when she takes on felice herrig.
a polish prince has challenged nigel farage to a sword fight over his attacks on immigration. janek zylinski , the aristocratic son of polish war hero who fought the nazis in 1939 , posted the challenge online after declaring that he had ` had enough ' of the ukip leader. brandishing his sword , mr zylinski said : ` enough is enough , mr farage. ' janek zylinski , the aristocratic son of polish war hero who fought the nazis in 1939 , posted the challenge online after declaring he had ` had enough ' of the ukip leader. the polish prince , who lives in ealing , west london , begins his video by introducing a gold sculpture of his father , captain andrzej zylinski.
early in the build-up to aston villa 's winning goal on sunday , steven gerrard challenged for successive headers in the centre circle and lost both. that does n't mean he was at fault for what happened in the subsequent 20 seconds but it was illustrative nevertheless of a long , sapping afternoon for liverpool and their fading captain. gerrard 's time at liverpool will now end in anti-climax. steven gerrard was denied the chance of a happy ending as aston villa beat liverpool at wembley. liverpool captain gerrard reacts as tom cleverley celebrates aston villa 's victory on sunday. gerrard looks on dejected as his liverpool career draws to an antic-climatic close at wembley.
on tuesday jessa duggar announced she 's pregnant with her first child with husband ben seewald , 19. ' scroll down for video. a baby on the way : jessa duggar announced she 's expecting her first child with ben seewald , 19. ` we 're expecting ! ' the 22-year-old 19 kids & counting star announced on tuesday. excited for the arrival : the tlc stars also shared this image that had written on a white onesie , ` coming soon , 11.01.2015 ' something in the water ! soon after the announcement was made , anna duggar -lrb- middle -rrb- shared an image of jessa -lrb- right -rrb- showing off her bump in a twitter photo.
phil taylor suffered his fourth loss of the premier league season with defeat to dave chisnall in a dramatic night of darts on thursday. taylor , the 16-time world champion , squandered a 4-2 lead to lose the next five legs and the match 7-4. the defeat for taylor sees the 54-year-old finish the opening set of round robin fixtures in fifth. phil taylor squandered a 4-2 lead to lose 7-4 against dave chisnall during their premier league darts clash. chisnall celebrates after his victory moved him up to second in the table after nine matches of the season. phil taylor 4-7 dave chisnall.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- tuesday , april 14 , is equal pay day. here 's the announcement presidential candidate hillary clinton should make :. `` today in america , women earn on average 77 cents for every dollar men earn. and the gap is even greater for women of color. as president , my top priority will be fixing inequality and ensuring that 100 % of the population is paid 100 % of what they 're worth. and so , i 'm announcing that if elected president , i will take a 23 % pay cut , equivalent to the current gender wage gap , to stand in solidarity with working women in america.
with its blend of portuguese and chinese culture , it did n't take us long to discover the unique appeal of macau. soon after arriving by high-speed turbojet ferry from hong kong , we were sitting in antonio , a beautifully tiled restaurant that could easily have been in lisbon. scroll down for video. macau has 26 casinos , including the largest in the world , the venetian. located at the mouth of the pearl river delta at the southern tip of china , macau comprises a peninsula and two islands -- taipa and coloane -- connected by three dramatic bridges.
burnley manager sean dyche has dismissed speculation linking him with derby. recent reports claimed dyche has been lined up as a possible successor to steve mcclaren , who is the bookmakers ' favourite to take over at newcastle. dyche says he remains committed to the task in hand at turf moor , though. burnley manager sean dyche , aka the ginger mourinho , insists he is enjoying life at turf moor. the clarets earned a point in a goalless draw with tottenham but remain fixed in the relegation zone. ' dyche has retained the support of the burnley fans throughout the season even though the club are now second from bottom with just seven matches to go.
children of the 1970s and 1980s will likely remember the chunky , plastic fisher-price magnets that adorned fridges in family homes. the popular toys were designed to help teach children to read and spell. but for some people , they had another unintended consequence ; the magnets forever changed the colours that people would associate with letters. at least that 's the conclusion of a study on synaesthesia - a neurological condition in which two or more senses experienced separately are involuntarily joined together. for instance , some synaesthetes experience colour when they hear sounds or read words. others experience tastes , smells or shapes.
ahead of this weekend 's premier league action , sportsmail will be providing you with all you need to know about every fixture , with team news , provisional squads , betting odds and opta stats. here is all the information you need for swansea 's home clash with everton ... swansea city vs everton -lrb- liberty stadium -rrb-. swansea. veteran full-back angel rangel is in line for his first swansea start for over two months at home to everton in the early barclays premier league kick-off on saturday afternoon. rangel has not started since the end of january following the arrival of kyle naughton but the former spurs defender has been ruled out for the rest of the season after damaging ankle ligaments against hull last weekend.
this is the photograph circulating on social media site snapchat that is believed to show a principal watching pornography in the office of his elite private school. the picture , taken by a person who claims to be a student at geelong college , south-west of melbourne , is believed to show disgraced principal andrew barr surfing for pornography while on-the-clock. mr barr resigned from his position at the geelong college after an investigation , which included a search of his computer , after the photograph appeared on snapchat. this is the photograph circulating on social media that is believed to show principal andrew barr watching pornography in his office at geelong college.
bayern munich coach pep guardiola weathered his first major crisis at the german club after his team crushed porto 7-4 on aggregate on tuesday to move into the champions league last four. the spaniard in his second season in charge was with his back to the wall after their surprise 3-1 first leg defeat in portugal last week. bayern munich celebrate in front of their delighted fans after overturning a first leg deficit to reach semi-finals. thiago alcantara jumps highest to head the home side in front on 14 minutes and set the bayern on their way. damned to succeed , guardiola repeatedly said he was aware of what he needed to deliver at the five-time european champions for who a league and german cup double was just not enough.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- warren weinstein , who appears to have been the only american citizen held hostage by al qaeda , was accidentally killed in a u.s. drone strike in january. a senior u.s. official familiar with the handling of the issue told cnn that the u.s. government made no serious effort to negotiate for the 73-year-old development expert 's release , either directly to al qaeda or through proxies in pakistan. another senior u.s. official told cnn that weinstein 's capture by al qaeda made it hard for the united states to negotiate , even though proxies such as the pakistani government have links to intermediaries who might have helped.
those surprised at yaya toure 's apparent desire to talk himself in to a transfer from manchester city this week should not be. the ivorian 's cv tells the story of a player who has always placed pragmatism above sentiment when it comes to his choice of clubs. toure , for example , left home as a teenager to play in the belgian second division. history also tells us that toure , now almost 32 , never stays in one place too long. equally , though , toure 's rather clumsy statements of recent times should not be allowed to detract from his legacy at city and indeed in the barclays premier league.
panama city -lrb- cnn -rrb- this was the handshake that shook the western hemisphere. president obama briefly met his cuban counterpart , raul castro , on friday night at a dinner for the dozens of latin american leaders convening in panama city for the summit of the americas. the two nations have barely been on speaking terms -- officially -- for more than 50 years. the meeting was so important that bernadette meehan , national security council spokesperson , issued a statement : `` at the summit of the americas this evening , president obama and president castro greeted each other and shook hands.
suddenly , after close to 14 years of international football and just 33 caps , michael carrick is the answer for england. he was very impressive against italy in a friendly , true ; and he has been an important influence on manchester united 's revival. yet it would be unfortunate in the extreme if four consecutive england managers had all failed to spot a game-changing wizard in their midst. carrick has made nine competitive starts for england , and the majority have been ordinary at best. he played in the match against ecuador in the 2006 world cup , in which england were saved by a david beckham free-kick , and was then dropped and replaced by the more energetic owen hargreaves for the quarter-final with portugal.
harry panayiotou has scooped the barclays premier league player of the month award after impressing for an in-form leicester city side in march. the striker , 20 , scored three goals , including those in impressive victories against sunderland and reigning champions chelsea , and has been chosen ahead of all the players in division 1 and 2 based on his performance statistics. panayiotou also netted a hat-trick in his third game for st kitts and nevis on international duty , and is looking to make an impression under nigel pearson at the king power stadium. harry panayiotou has scooped the barclays premier league u21 player of the month award for march.
there 's the cost of the ticket , getting to the venue and the all important souvenirs. but it seems patrons at the masters can get themselves a decent meal for a reasonable price. you can get a taste of the south with a bar-b-que or classic chicken sandwich for $ 3 -- which is about # 2.05. the masters is one few sporting events which offers food at reasonable prices for its punters. lee westwood nearly got off to the perfect start with a stunning shot at the par-five second. after a perfect tee shot , he pinged a fairway wood 280 yards onto the green.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- as nepal grapples with an earthquake that has killed more than 3,400 people , ronen ziv worries about someone he has never met. his unborn baby is due this week in kathmandu. he had tickets to travel to nepal for his child 's birth from a surrogate mother , but now he has no choice but to wait in his native israel for news. `` i can tell you i did n't get much sleep ... all my thoughts and all my prayers are for the surrogate mother and the unborn child. '' nepal is a popular place for israeli couples to have surrogate children.
but this stomach-churning clip of a longboarder crashing downhill at high speed certainly serves as a warning to wear a helmet. footage shows the skater confidently sailing down a concrete slope in santa monica , los angeles , before he loses balance and falls headfirst. finally he comes to a stop and as he lies on his side , he clutches his head in pain. gone ! footage shows the skater confidently sailing down a concrete slope in santa monica , los angeles , before he loses balance and falls headfirst. as they survey the damage , blood is seen on the ground and pouring from the boarder 's face.
microsoft has a new pilot program to hire people with autism for full-time positions within the company. the announcement was made on the company 's blog by microsoft corporate vp of worldwide operations , mary ellen smith , who has a teenage son , shawn , with autism. the positions will be based at its redmond campus in washington and the program will be run in partnership with specialisterne , a danish nonprofit that helps train people with autism for careers in it. ' the announcement was made on the company 's blog by microsoft corporate vp of worldwide operations , mary ellen smith , who has a teenage son , shawn , with autism.
a restaurant manager has been branded the ` stingiest boss in europe ' for charging a mum 36p to heat up her baby 's feeding bottle. mum gitte denteneer asked staff at the rubens eaterie in leuven , belgium , to warm up some milk for her two-month old son lucca. but when she came to pay , she was stunned to find that 50 cents had been added onto the bill. outrage : a restaurant manager has been branded the ` stingiest boss in europe ' for charging a mum 36p to heat up her baby 's feeding bottle. ' i have never heard of a restaurant billing people for this service.
trailing birmingham city by two goals , bournemouth were down to fourth in the championship at one stage in the afternoon but a thrilling four-goal turnaround moved them back to the top. ' the south coast club had not conceded the first goal at dean court this campaign and have struggled to get anything from losing positions , but comebacks rarely come better than being two behind after 21 minutes. charlie daniels -lrb- right -rrb- fires home from the edge of the box to seal the win and make it 4-2 to bournemouth. yann kermorgant slots home a penalty to cap a remarkable comeback and make it 3-2 to bournemouth.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- -lsb- breaking news update , posted at 5:22 p.m. et -rsb-. none of the girls rescued from raided boko haram camps in nigeria has been identified thus far as among the missing chibok girls , a high-ranking nigerian army official said. the official did not rule out that captives from other boko haram camps that were raided might be girls abducted in april 2014 from a school in chibok. the official said he would have the final word by day 's end on wednesday. nigerian troops rescued 200 girls and 93 women tuesday in the sambisa forest , the nigerian armed forces announced on its official twitter account.
anzac day is a time to come together as one to salute our diggers who sacrificed and fought in gallipoli , but it seems some have found another way to commemorate the special day. from pulling faces to complaining about waking up early for dawn service , tens of thousands of selfies from across the country have emerged on social media to mark the centenary anzac day. scroll down for video. one woman uploaded a selfie of herself in a low cut top -lrb- left -rrb- while another misspelt #lessweforget -lrb- right -rrb-. one person wrote a meaningful caption about anzac day but uploaded a bared stomach -lrb- left -rrb- while a clothing store uploaded three women eating anzac cookies with hashtag #leastweforget.
ferguson , missouri -lrb- cnn -rrb- change has come to ferguson. after months of turmoil and upheaval , months of frustration and anger , the beleaguered city has a new governing board. buoyed by a higher-than-normal 30 % turnout , two african-american candidates won their wards tuesday night to make the six-member city council 50 % black. ferguson 's population of about 21,000 is 70 % black , but the city council was predominantly white , as is the police force. supporters of both candidates said that from the tragedy of a young black man 's death , a new day dawned in ferguson.
financially-troubled cska sofia 's latvian goalkeeper maksims uvarenko has not been paid for three months and has had to ask his parents to send him money to pay his rent. but despite the financial problems , uvarenko , who joined the bulgarian club on an 18-month contract in january , has been impressed by the ` unique ' fans and their passionate support. goalkeeper maksims ukarov has not been paid by cska sofia since joining the club in january. ` my wife and i are expecting a child and we ca n't afford to stay without money. i was forced to accept some cash from my parents to pay the rent on our apartment in sofia.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- monday night , as unrest raged across baltimore 's streets , amanda rothschild lay awake in her remington home , a neighborhood in the northern part of the city , thinking about what the next day would be like. as a co-owner of charmington 's , a cafe in the intersection of three major baltimore neighborhoods , rothschild knew that the cafe and its workers needed to support the city after all the unrest. as protests erupt nationwide after the death of freddie gray , a black man who suffered a severe spinal cord injury while in police custody , some local businesses in baltimore are banding together to show their support for the city , while others are left to rebuild or repair after monday 's riot.
an eight-year-old girl showed off her hand speed and overall boxing prowess while completing a pad work drill with her father. evnika saadvakass , from kazakhstan , became a youtube sensation when she was five-years-old after she was filmed throwing around 100 punches in less than two minutes. the video was viewed around three million times and now two years on the young girl has returned to update the world on her progress. evnika saadvakass became a youtube sensation when she was five-years-old when her video received around three million views. standing with an orthodox stance , the youngster begins raining shots at her father who quickly cycles his hands to meet her demand.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- lest we americans forget that -- in the wellsprings of our nation -- france bore the torch of liberty alongside us , our old ally has launched a reminder from across the atlantic 's waves. l'hermione , with three sail masts and bright royal blue and gold markings , is a painstaking replica of an 18th century french frigate that fought with the united states ' founding fathers in the war of independence. in 1780 , the original hermione was assigned to a french nobleman , who fought as a general in george washington 's army against the british.
the secret drawings and letters belonged to the co-pilot of enola gay bomber which dropped the bomb and reveal captain robert lewis 's immense guilt following the mission. he wrote a letter following the bombing in which he recounts : ` my god , what have we done ? how many did we kill ? ' i am certain the entire crew felt this experience was more than anyone human had ever thought possible. ' scroll down for video. historic : a previously unseen hand-drawn flightplan of the mission to drop an atom bomb on hiroshima is now for sale. bomber : the remarkable documents which include the flightplan , an eyewitness account of the bombing and log books were compiled by the co-pilot of the enola gay bomber which carried out the mission.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- nine of ten mostly foreign prisoners on death row in indonesia have been given 72 hours notice ahead of their execution , according to a spokesperson for the attorney general 's office. it may be longer. in other words , there will be no execution less than 72 hours after notification , '' tony spontana told cnn by phone sunday. though indonesian officials said all 10 would be executed at the same time , spontana said french national serge atlaoui had filed a challenge to the state administrative court on thursday so his sentence has been delayed. meanwhile , edre olalia , a lawyer acting for philippines maid mary jane veloso , told cnn sunday that veloso had telephoned her sister on saturday at about 5:30 p.m. local time and said her execution will take place on tuesday , april 28.
then clasp your hands together so your fingers entwine -- do n't overthink it ! now look at your thumbs. which one is on top -- the left one or the right ? if you are a man , the odds are it will be the left ; if you are a woman , it is more likely to be the right. it can be quite subtle , but in men the ring finger -lrb- measured from the crease where it joins the hand -rrb- is likely to be longer than the index finger. in women the two fingers are typically the same length.
by lizzy hawker. she had entered the 2005 ultra-trail du mont-blanc -lrb- utmb -rrb- on a whim -- but now , the reality of the challenge ahead began to sink in. she would be covering almost the same distance as that between her birthplace in the london suburbs and southampton , where she was studying for a phd in environmental science. some 26 hours , 51 minutes and 51 seconds later , hawker surprised herself , and everyone else , by becoming the first woman to cross the dark , wet , alpine finish line that year , coming 24th overall.
mogadishu , somalia -lrb- cnn -rrb- a car bomb exploded at a restaurant near the presidential palace in the heart of somalia 's capital tuesday , killing at least 10 people , including a woman and a boy , police said. somalia-based islamist militant group al-shabaab claimed responsibility for the attack. group spokesman sheikh abdiaziz musab , speaking to pro-al-shabaab outlet andalus radio , said the blast targeted and killed several somali intelligence agents. somali police spokesman qasim mohamed roble told reporters that the car bomb killed no government official or soldier. the area is not a new target for al-shabaab , which has battled somalia 's government for years with the goal of establishing a fundamentalist islamic state.
ap mccoy stood with the trainer , jonjo o'neill , in the parade ring. he walked alongside box office , the final ride of his astonishing career , and then clambered into the saddle. mccoy was presented the champion jockey trophy by ian wright - mccoy is an arsenal fanatic. the 40-year-old received a guard of honour before receiving the champion jockey trophy. he was aware it was being styled as a joyous celebration of the career of the greatest jump jockey there has ever been. ` the champ , the finale ' it said on the front of sandown park 's raceday programme.
a food supplier for supermarket giant tesco has sacked a farm worker who was caught on camera urinating in a field of vegetables. a disgusted member of the public snapped the man on his mobile phone after spotting him using the field as a makeshift toilet. the worker , who can be seen in a high-vis jacket , casually stood in the middle of the crops urinating on the plants - despite a toilet being only 18 metres away. caught on camera : the farm worker seen urinating in a field of vegetables in benington , lincolnshire. th clements & son , which owns the field in benington , lincolnshire , was alerted and sacked the worker with immediate effect.
as i get older however , different things draw my attention. a clear sign that i 'm firmly settled in middle age may be the utterly sad truth that , i am riveted by the tight jaw lines. these women had expression lines , wrinkles around their eyes and on their forehead when speaking , but chins and jaw lines that were as tight as a girl just sitting her gcse 's. scroll down for video. forget botox or chemical peels the latest celebrity beauty craze is having a tight jawline like emma stone. after some calls to my best insider a-list docs , it seems the new trend in celebrity-ville these days is not about hiding your wrinkles , instead it 's the nefertiti lift , aptly named after the egyptian queen famous for -lrb- amongst other things -rrb- her very defined jaw line.
and that 's exactly what they get with the 223ft explorer , which comes with its own helipad , infinity pool and plenty for space for supercar and jetski storage. with space for 12 lucky guests on board , the concept yacht from british yacht designer tony castro is the ultimate toy for the extremely wealthy and has been dubbed the ` range rover of the seas '. the 223ft explorer is an exclusive superyacht which comes with its own helipad and car storage as well as space for 12 guests. for those who do n't fancy taking a dip in the sea , there is an infinity pool on deck which is two decks deep.
it is the current prime minister 's kitchen that has got everyone talking more than any of the other political leaders ' -- perhaps because he is a known ` toff ' , and britain , despite protests from the left and now the right , really still are obsessed with class. do you have as much cachet as cameron ? perhaps you 're more onslow and daisy than hyacinth ? scroll down for video. samantha and david cameron 's home has been put into the spotlight recently but do his belongings live up to etiquette expert william hanson 's expectations ? use my short household audit to see how many of the below items you own and discover how posh your pile really is.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- another controversy has erupted from the press tour for the soon-to-be-blockbuster marvel 's `` avengers : age of ultron. '' after robert downey jr. walked out on an interview , his co-stars chris evans and jeremy renner found themselves in hot water wednesday over comments they made in a similar junket interview. when asked by digital spy about the character black widow 's flirtations with the other superheroes , renner responded `` she 's a slut , '' and evans , laughing , added that she is a `` complete whore. by thursday , both actors apologized. cnn obtained a statement from renner saying , `` i am sorry that this tasteless joke about a fictional character offended anyone.
andrew hennells , pictured , posted a message on facebook admitting his plans to rob a tesco supermarket 15 minutes before holding up staff. a man who boasted about plans for an armed robbery on facebook minutes before he threatened staff in tesco has been jailed for four years. andrew hennells posted details of his plan to the social networking site - stating he was ` doing. a quarter of an hour later , norfolk police were alerted by a member of the public to a man brandishing a knife demanding cash from staff working at the supermarket giant 's king 's lynn branch.
ss sergeant oskar groening - known as ` the bookkeeper of auschwitz ' - is set to go on trial charged with complicity in the killing of 300,000 jews at the nazi extermination camp. an ss sergeant known as ` the bookkeeper of auschwitz ' is set to go on trial charged with complicity in the killing of 300,000 jews at the nazi extermination camp. auschwitz survivors and the relatives of those murdered there filed into court today for the trial of 93-year-old oskar groening - who may well have met their loved ones shortly before they were gassed. groening , known as ` the bookkeeper ' for his role in the camp in nazi-occupied poland , was tasked with meeting the trains bringing victims there and robbing those aboard of their possessions.
terrorists are undergoing training in rural areas of west wales , it has emerged. locations in ceredigion , powys and pembrokeshire are also being used to radicalise muslims , according to an officer from the wales extremism and counter terrorism unit. training : locations in ceredigion , powys and pembrokeshire in west wales , illustrated above , are being used to radicalise muslims , according to an officer from the wales extremism and counter terrorism unit. incidents of islamic extremist activity in wales can be traced back to 1998 , when it is claimed hate preacher abu hamza sent a group of 10 extremists to train in the brecon beacons , in powys.
a victorian driver got a rude shock when a massive huntsman crawled out from inside his door handle. the spine-tinging video , which was captured in wangaratta , northeast victoria , begins with the man approaching his black holden ute and spraying the door with an insect repellent. the driver sprays his car with insect repellent , forcing a huntsman spider to reveal itself from under the door handle. but the man appears less composed when the hairy huntsman 's legs pop out , yelping and cowering back in fright. ` it 's a bloody super-spider ! ' having endured enough of the spray , the spider drops onto road and retreats underneath the vehicle.
runaway leaders in sky bet league one , they became the first team in the football league to mathematically secure promotion on tuesday night - and in sensational style. aden flint celebrates with a bottle of sky bet champagne following bristol city 's promotion. city players are sprayed with champagne after securing promotion from league one. add to that their memorable johnstone 's paint trophy victory at wembley last month - when walsall were comfortably beaten 2-0 in the final - and you have a truly historic campaign for steve cotterill 's team. the season has been a personal triumph for tall , tattooed defender aden flint , who has played a central role in returning city to the championship after two seasons away.
what andrew chan , then aged 21 , and myuran sukumaran , 24 , came to have in common was the belief that smuggling drugs would provide them with a short cut to the life of ease and glamour and - their biggest mistake - that they could get away with it. thirteen years since their fateful first meeting , after all their legal appeals and pleas for clemency have been rejected , the ringleaders of the infamous bali nine , who were caught trying to smuggle more than eight kilograms of heroin out of indonesia , are now dead. scroll down for video.
a mother whose son suffers an incredibly rare disease , which makes his skin appear scalded , was shocked after a stranger reported her to police for child abuse. four-year-old rj jackson is one of just 70 people in the world who suffers netherton 's syndrome. his skin appears red and inflamed , and is often covered in dry skin that appears like scales on his body. but while out shopping recently , mrs jackson was suddenly surrounded by armed police , who had been called by a member of the public. valerie jackson , pictured left with her son rj when he was three months old , was accused of scalding her son after a member of the public mistook his rare skin disease for the signs of abuse.
` it will be emotional in one way and relief in another. he has had a great career. ' if you think claire mccoy has got her maths wrong - twenty five years ? -- think again. there may seem a perfect symmetry in the way mccoy has decided to end his peerless career this weekend when he crowned champion after two decades at the top of his sport. exactly 25 years ago , the 15-year-old ap left his home in moneyglass , county antrim , to head to the respected but strict regime of an apprentice jockey 's life at the stable of jim bolger in county kilkenny.
hull city are keen on signing leeds united midfielder alex mowatt. the 20-year-old has impressed this season scoring nine goals and has drawn admiring glances from several premier league clubs. hull manager steve bruce is keen to snap up any promising british talent as he looks to rebuild for the summer. leeds united midfielder alex mowatt -lrb- right -rrb- celebrates scoring a goal against wolves on monday. the 20-year-old has impressed in the championship this season and has attracted several top-flight suitors. the england u20 international gave leeds brief hope of an unlikely point by scoring their third goal and turned in a decent performance.
the son of gerry anderson , the brains behind the original thunderbirds , has criticised the computer-generated remake for lacking the ` magic ' of the classic show. jamie anderson said the cgi characters did not have the same charm as the ` lovingly detailed ' miniature puppets. thunderbirds will return to our screens tonight 50 years after the futuristic puppet show launched and landed all over the world. however , the jerky puppets that rescued the world from all kinds of disaster have been replaced by cgi images to create an entirely new look. remake : in the updated version , the ` lovingly detailed ' puppets are replaced by computer-generated images.
nicola adams has no intention of following her former great britain team-mate natasha jonas into retirement as she focuses on becoming a double olympic gold medallist in rio next year. having overcome another lengthy injury lay-off , adams is preparing to return to an english ring for the first time since her london 2012 triumph at the national championships in liverpool next week. british boxer nicola adams is hoping to become a double olympic gold medallist in rio. adams -lrb- right , pictured during her london 2012 final win over cancan ren -rrb- is hoping to retain her crown. ` despite all my injury problems i have never lost my love for the sport and as long as i keep that love of fighting and entertaining the crowd i will still be eager to compete.
a man stuck by a serious bowel infection has been cured after undergoing a faecal transplant , with stools donated by his daughter. len barnes shed three stone as he battled the life-threatening condition clostridium difficile , suffering bouts of diarrhoea. he lost his appetite and endured continuous pain. despite numerous courses of antibiotics during long spells in hospital , the 75-year-old was showing no signs of improvement. len barnes , 57 , from stockton , has been cured of the severe bowel infection clostridium difficile after undergoing a faecal transplant. his daughter debbie , left , acted as donor. ` but my doctor explained that mixing healthy poo with my poo - and transferring it back into my bowel mixed with warm water - would give someone 's healthy bacteria the chance to fight with my bad bacteria.
an aspiring model who set a honey trap to lure a professional gambler to his ` pitiless and wicked ' death in a bid to steal his winnings has been jailed for 16 years. leonie granger , 25 , targeted playboy mehmet hassan , 56 , after spotting him flashing a roll of # 50 notes at a casino in london 's west end. scroll down for video. aspiring model leonie granger -lrb- left -rrb- has been jailed for 16 years at the old bailey after being found guilty of manslaughter over the death of professional gambler mehmet hassan -lrb- right -rrb- who she lured at a casino.
if you 've always dreamed of seeing penguins in antarctica or tracking the siberian tiger in russia - but gorilla trekking in rwanda and spotting grizzlies in alaska also feature on your to do list , this could be the safari for you. the grand adventure promises to deliver up and close and personal moments with some of the world 's most elusive and enchanting wildlife. scroll down for video. the adventure promises to deliver up and close and personal moments with some of the world 's most elusive and enchanting wildlife. to mark its 10th anniversary , natural world safaris has launched a new series of ` ultimate safari ' adventures.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- buzz has surrounded hbo 's new documentary `` going clear : scientology and the prison of belief , '' but scientologist john travolta is not a fan. '' `` i 've been so happy with my -lrb- scientology -rrb- experience in the last 40 years that i really do n't have anything to say that would shed light on -lrb- a documentary -rrb- so decidedly negative , '' travolta said. the actor , one of the church of scientology 's most high-profile members along with stars like tom cruise and kirstie alley , is premiering his new film , `` the forger , '' in clearwater , florida.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- several of the world 's worst terrorist groups , like isis and al-shabaab , aim to create societies governed by strict , distorted versions of sharia law. that means anyone who does n't subscribe to such extremist views are enemies and in danger -- christians included. of course , christians are n't the only ones who have suffered at the hands of such organizations. for example , most victims of isis are fellow muslims who refuse to go along with the isis worldview and ruthless tactics. the latest came friday , when an italian prosecutor revealed that a network of pakistanis associated with al qaeda talked about attacking the vatican back in march 2010.
but youngsters appear to be deserting facebook in droves because it is now so popular with their parents -- and grandparents. almost a third of people aged 16-to-34 have deleted their accounts because they no longer see it as ` cool '. the trend comes as increasing numbers of older users turn to the social network to stay in touch and share family pictures. nearly 60 per cent of britons aged over 55 now have a facebook account , according to research. facebook has even started running television adverts to entice the so-called ` silver surfers ' to join. now a survey of around 2,000 britons has revealed that it is having the opposite effect on youngsters.
showcasing a pair of toned arms and a pretty decolletage , the strapless dress is a red carpet staple for fine-boned actresses such as jennifer aniston and gwyneth paltrow. but can a woman with 34g curves like mine ever look fab in a strapless dress ? secret support. i would never have believed that a strapless dress might make me look smaller than i am. this one manages the impossible. the narrow skirt clings to my hips and legs , making me look taller and slimmer , and the bustline is quite high , hiding the cleavage which gives a nice demure look.
a mexican. archaeologist hunting for a royal tomb in a tunnel. beneath a towering pre-aztec pyramid has made a discovery that. may have brought him a step closer : liquid mercury. was once the largest in the americas , earlier this month sergio gomez found ` large quantities ' of the silvery metal in a chamber at. the end of a sacred tunnel sealed for nearly 1,800 years. scroll down for video. hope : mexican archaeologist sergio gomez has been excavating a pre-aztec pyramid in teotihuacan , mexico , for six years and came across ` large quantities ' of liquid mercury earlier this month.
winning the league championship used to be the ultimate achievement for any manager and make him bombproof for many years to come. incredibly , the last four mangers to have won the premier league have all left their jobs by the following year -- three sacked and one retired. and on the latest evidence , it will be no surprise if manuel pellegrini becomes number five this summer. a dejected manuel pellegrini following manchester city 's 2-1 defeat to crystal palace on monday night. pellegrini guided city to their second premier league title in three seasons back in may. but pellegrini 's city side were humbled at selhurst park on monday to kill off any remaining title hopes.
sales of manny pacquiao boxing gear and effects have soared as much as 10 times ahead of his may 2 megafight with floyd mayweather , with philippine retailers struggling to cope with demand from fans snapping up any paraphernalia they could find. online and front-end retailers are seeing record sales of pacquiao t-shirts , boxing gloves , figurines , caps and jackets , with buyers stocking up on items they believe could at least double in value if he wins what is the highest grossing bout in history. so while the fight is still days away , they are already buying these items , ' said 50-year-old carolyn yap-tan , who has been selling pacquiao items online for four years.
a one-year-old boy who was shot and killed by another toddler who picked up and fired a loaded gun has been pictured. braylon robinson was playing at a house in cleveland , ohio , on sunday when another three-year-old boy found the unattended weapon and pulled the trigger. the bullet struck the baby boy in the face. minutes later , he was rushed to an area hospital , where he was later pronounced dead. now , investigators are apparently trying to determine where the gun came from - and the identity of the person responsible for bringing it into the house and leaving it within the toddler 's reach.
caykur rizespor midfielder ludovic obraniak was taken to hospital with a suspected heart problem after being substituted during his side 's match against fenerbahce on saturday. caykur rizespor revealed on social media that obraniak was not in any immediate danger following preliminary tests. ludovic obraniak -lrb- left -rrb- is currently on loan at caykur rizespor from german side werder bremen. moussa sow celebrates after scoring for fenerbahce during their 5-1 win on saturday. there were fears that the 30-year-old , who is on loan from bundesliga club werder bremen had suffered a heart attack but he appears to have given the all-clear.
a 37-year-old man was in custody tuesday following the deaths of his wife and their two children at their home in suburban detroit , police said. the bodies of a 37-year-old woman , a 2-year-old girl and an 8-year-old boy were discovered by police monday night , eastpointe police lt. neil childs said , and investigators were trying to determine the circumstances surrounding the deaths. ' the victims have been identified as christie fradeneck , her daughter celeste fradeneck and her son timothy fradeneck , wxyz reported. scroll down for video. slayings : the victims have been identified as christie fradeneck , her daughter celeste fradeneck and her son timothy fradeneck.
all three of the main parties ' education spokesmen revealed they would have no problem with the next education secretary sending their children to private school. the outbreak of honesty among politicians came when the bbc 's daily politics show presenter andrew neil , asked if it would be a ` acceptable for an education secretary to send their children to a private school '. tristram hunt , labour 's shadow education secretary answered first and said : ` yes. he also confirmed labour could fire the thousands of ` unqualified ' teachers across the state sector. all three of the main parties ' education spokesmen - pictured on the bbc 's daily politics show today - revealed they would have no problem with the next education secretary sending their children to private school.
ronny deila lauded his players for stretching their lead at the top of the premiership with victory at st mirren -- then hit out at the state of pitches in scotland. a james forrest strike and stefan johansen 's penalty were enough to see off a spirited challenge by the bottom side as celtic moved eight points clear of aberdeen. and he believes scottish football will struggle to develop top players if there is n't a drastic improvement in our pitches. celtic manager ronny deila was impressed with his side 's performance against st mirren on friday night. the pitch was better than some others we 've played on.
a woman is set to marry after falling in love with the driver who crashed into her car while she was parked waiting for her husband to return. ranette afonso , 42 , will marry marko conte , 30 , this october after they fell head over wheels in love and moved in together within two months of the fateful bump. ranette afonso , 42 -lrb- right -rrb- , is set to marry marko conte , 30 -lrb- left -rrb- , in october after they met thanks to a car accident in august 2013. ranette -lrb- pictured left -rrb- was married at the time of the accident , but her and marko -lrb- pictured right -rrb- began dating shortly after her marriage ended.
the book sex by numbers : what statistics can tell us about sexual behaviour was released this week and it 's a must-read for anyone fascinated by who really does what , where , when and how in bed. the author , david spielgalhalter , a cambridge university professor , sets out to investigate various sexual statistical claims and separate myth from reality. scroll down for video. scientists who reviewed 20 different studies of penis size , including 15,521 measurements of penises from around the world found some surprising results. since no other part of the human body is more shrouded in myth and folklore than men 's most precious part , it seemed the penis was the most deserving subject to study.
lampedusa , italy -lrb- cnn -rrb- the cramped galley of the ship is filled with the smell of fresh garlic frying in olive oil. we boarded the finance police 's ship , the calabrese , in lampedusa harbor earlier in the evening. the calabrese regularly patrols the mediterranean off lampedusa , which is italy 's southernmost territory and just 70 miles , or just over 110 kilometers , from the tunisian coast. in recent years , it has been the first point of entry to europe for tens of thousands of migrants from africa and the middle east. a few years ago , the calabrese was on the look out for `` contrabandisti , '' smugglers trafficking in cigarettes and drugs.
a dallas architect has taken 14 shipping containers and transformed them into a stunningly modern 3,700-square-foot three-bedroom home. the home , dubbed ` pv14 ' , also boasts a 1,400 sq ft roof deck that can fit up to 150 people , a 40ft long swimming pool on the ground floor and a 360 degree view of white rock lake and the sparkling lights of the city 's downtown. dallas architects matt mooney and michael gooden have transformed 14 shipping containers into a stunningly modern home. the 3,700 sq ft three-bedroom home , dubbed ` pv14 , ' boasts a 40ft long swimming pool on the ground floor that reflects the two-story glass-paneled tower , also built out of the containers.
they see less of leigh griffiths on the streets of leith now than they used to. he no longer plays for hibernian for a start. reinventing himself as celtic 's top scorer , the front-page headlines are also less evident. leigh griffiths celebrates scoring his third goal of the afternoon against dundee united on sunday. hat-trick hero griffiths takes the ball home following his heroics against dundee at tannadice park. the 24-year-old -lrb- left -rrb- embraces his manager ronny deila after sunday 's convincing win. ` leigh used to put himself around in the leith area , ' says tam currie , his former coach at boys club leith athletic.
steven gerrard hoped his liverpool career would end at wembley but now the curtain will fall in stoke. the dream was for gerrard to end his 25-year association with liverpool by lifting the fa cup on his 35th birthday before starting his new adventure with la galaxy yet now the prospect is nothing like so glamorous. losing to aston villa in sunday 's semi-final will take time to get over. ` we did n't play , we looked very nervous , ' said gerrard on talksport. ' liverpool captain steven gerrard looks to the sky in frustration during liverpool 's fa cup defeat by aston villa.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- the mass killings of armenians in the ottoman empire , which began 100 years ago friday , is said by some scholars and others to have been the first genocide of the 20th century , even though the word `` genocide '' did not exist at the time. the issue of whether to call the killings a genocide is emotional , both for armenians , who are descended from those killed , and for turks , the heirs to the ottomans. some armenians feel their nationhood can not be fully recognized unless the truth of what happened to their forebears is acknowledged.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- sky watchers in western north america are in for a treat : a nearly five-minute total lunar eclipse this morning. it started at 3:16 a.m. pacific daylight time , when the moon began moving into earth 's shadow. for the next hour and 45 minutes , that shadow will move across the moon and engulf it at 4:58 a.m. pacific time. the total eclipse will only last four minutes and 43 seconds , and nasa says that makes it the shortest one of the century. watch it live on nasa tv. while people west of the mississippi river will have the best view , at least a partial eclipse will be visible across the nation.
a british isis fighter has complained about fellow jihadis fleeing the frontline then boasting of their bravery on twitter while posing with their weapons. omar hussain , 27 , from high wycombe , regularly makes videos and posts on social media about life in the so-called islamic state under the name abu sa'eed al-britani. in his latest video the former morrisons security guard , who used to live at home with his mother and has not managed to get himself a jihadi bride , accuses a fellow ` brother ' of running away from the frontline in syria ` when it was only him and me defending the post '.
-lrb- affleck revealed cole 's name wednesday night. affleck 's attempt to alter the content of the program only publicly became known a few days ago after wikileaks released hacked emails revealing an exchange between gates and sony pictures chief michael lynton. '' and on tuesday , affleck , via facebook , admitted that he had urged gates to excise any reference to his slave-owning relative. affleck explained , `` i did n't want any television show about my family to include a guy who owned slaves. i was embarrassed. '' now gates has publicly denied that he made his decision about the content of the program based on affleck 's request , but it seems likely that he did.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- chile 's calbuco volcano erupted twice in 24 hours , the country 's national geology and mining service said early thursday. the agency said it was evaluating the spectacular nighttime eruption , but indicated it was `` stronger than the first one. '' about 23 1/2 inches -lrb- 60 centimeters -rrb- of ash fell in some places , according to the ministry of interior and public safety. authorities issued a red alert for the towns of puerto montt and puerto varas in southern chile. a 12-mile -lrb- 20 kilometer -rrb- exclusion zone was established around the crater. military and police forces were assisting with the evacuations of more than 4,400 residents , the interior ministry said.
andy murray clearly has a vision for how his wedding day will play out when he marries his long-term girlfriend kim sears in his hometown of dunblane on saturday. the world no 3 posted on twitter a hilarious series of ` emojis ' to his 2.98 million followers , displaying his various plans for the day. andy murray is delighted after some snooker with friends ross hutchins -lrb- left -rrb- and jamie delgado -lrb- centre -rrb-. the world no 3 posted this humorous tweet in 'em ojis ' on the morning of his wedding day in dunblane. murray 's friend and fellow tennis player jamie delgado also tweeted how the scot has been preparing for the big day with a caption on a twitter selfie : ` pre wedding snooker ended in another victory for guess who ? @andy_murray @roscohutchins @johnnydelgado.
sushi is a love-hate thing as a new video demonstrates. casey levi filmed the moment he tried to get his son sam to eat a california roll with a $ 10 prize up for grabs. sam says at one point just looking at the sushi fills him with ` disgust '. - he stipulated that there must be no ` gagging or making any faces ' food fail : footage shows the youngster stepping up to the challenge but backing down after a minute 's hesitation and running off ` to be sick ' after sam 's ruled out of the game , his younger sister charlie confidently steps up to the mark.
joining a growing list of museums , music festivals and sports venues around the world , the iconic louisville track hosting the 141st running of the kentucky derby on may 2 has banned the pole-like contraptions that grasp cellphones and allow people a longer reach to snap their self-portraits. churchill downs , which hosts the annual kentucky derby on may 1st and 2nd , has banned the use of selfie sticks by attendees. above , a woman poses for a normal selfie at last year 's race. selfie sticks ' increasing popularity has left cultural institutions and sporting events with decisions about balancing patrons desire to photograph themselves with safety concerns -lrb- file photo , jan. 2015 -rrb-.
needless to say , we were disappointed to see julio cesar chavez jnr lose at the weekend against andrzej fonfara. it was n't a result we were expecting and it also blows away the chance of froch and chavez fighting in las vegas -- a fight carl wanted. now we turn to three big fights in the next two months to see what carl does next. i have held talks with gennady golovkin 's manager and there is also the possibility of bernard hopkins , but there are three fights coming up where the winner could work for carl. carl froch -lrb- left -rrb- has not fought since beating george groves at wembley last may.
three former england rugby internationals on a charity expedition to the north pole continued with their trip despite the landing gear of their plane collapsing on their way out. poor visibility at the makeshift 800m strip beside the russian operated camp barneo first caused an aborted landing. three former england rugby internationals - lewis moody , josh lewsey and danny grewcock - continued with their trip to the north pole despite the landing gear of their plane collapsing on their way out. the experienced pilots were then forced to break harder than usual when a crack appeared on an ice floe near the runway.
a man who was locked up and tortured in a chinese cotton mill for 18 years has finally been rescued. xie shisheng , who was just 16 years old when was imprisoned by the mill owner , was found in a small dark room by authorities earlier this week. rescued : xie shisheng , who was just 16 years old when was imprisoned by the mill owner , was found by police in small dark room by police. government authorities in the city of qingyuan in the north west guangdong province were tipped off about an illegal cotton mill. when they arrived at the mill in qing cheng district on wednesday , they found large quantities of fake cotton goods and another more unexpected discovery.
forget teddy bears. one baby girl has found the ultimate snuggle buddy : boo the husky dog. troy slezak from huntington beach , california , filmed his seven-month-old daughter stella playing with the giant pooch on the living room floor at home. best of friends : troy slezak from huntington beach , california , filmed his seven-month-old daughter stella playing with the giant pooch on the living room floor at home. but the friendly dog does n't bite and calmly gives the tot a loving lick back. she even gives stella a lick on the lips before the two lay down side-by-side.
a british-born street artist is taking a bold stand against american culture in his most recent piece currently on display across los angeles. this week , artist plastic jesus put up seven ` no kardashian parking anytime ' signs around hollywood , including in front of the kim , khloe and kourtney kardashian-owned clothing store dash and other hot spots such as the ivy restaurant and cecconi 's on melrose. london-born street artist plastic jesus erected several ` no kardashian parking anytime ' signs around los angeles this week - including one right outside the kardashian sister 's clothing store dash.
'' for centuries , these plays and three dozen more by william shakespeare have formed history 's most heralded literary canon. but now they may have to make room for an addition to shakespeare 's famous oeuvre. new research indicates that `` double falsehood , '' a play first published in 1728 by lewis theobald , was actually written more than a century earlier by shakespeare himself with help from his friend john fletcher. the findings were published this week by two scholars who used computer software to analyze the writings of the three men and compare it with the language of the `` newer '' play.
lausanne , switzerland -lrb- cnn -rrb- the bad news ? the deadline to agree on what will be the parameters for an endgame pact on iran 's nuclear program has come and gone with no deal. the whole point of what 's happening in lausanne , switzerland , is to get everyone on the same page about what kinds of things will be discussed as part of a potential conclusive agreement. for those hoping that will eventually happen , it 's good that iranian foreign minister javad zarif , u.s. secretary of state john kerry and senior european union diplomat helga schmid held talks early thursday morning in lausanne.
the seven-year-old daughter of a lesbian couple has made a video to help explain to other children who have two mothers how they were created. sophia breaks down the issue simply for youngsters by explaining the baby-making process in a very cute way. how life begins : seven-year-old sophia , the daughter of two moms , made a video to help others understand how her moms had a baby. simply put : sophia created some illustrations to help make her point as she addressed the camera. ` if you 're a kid with two moms and you do n't know how to explain it to other kids or people , this is a video of how you can explain it , ' sophia enthusiastically starts her video.
bruce jenner revealed he is a republican and a christian during the much-anticipated interview in which he revealed he is transitioning to be a woman. interviewer diane sawyer looked shocked when he made the revelation on her abc 20/20 special last night. sawyer had mentioned president 's decision to identify trans citizens in his most recent state of the union address. jenner said : `` he actually was the first one to say the actual word transgender , i will certainly give him credit for that. ' scroll down for video. republican : bruce jenner told diane sawyer he is a republican as he announced his transition to a woman on friday night.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- pushed to his limits , a college professor took the extreme measure of threatening to fail his entire class. in an email to his students , irwin horwitz accused them of `` backstabbing , game playing , cheating , lying , fighting. those hopes were dashed when one report by local media mushroomed into a tornado of nationwide coverage. the story went viral. he was a hero who taught today 's entitled youth a much-needed lesson , or an egotistical nightmare of a teacher who threw a fit. `` i will stand by what i did , but i 'm not career suicidal.
ahead of a weekend featuring drama from the barclays premier league and fa cup semi-finals , sportsmail brings you the latest squad news , odds and stats on every fixture as it breaks. simply click on your team in the fixture list below to find out who is ruled out and who is making a return as well as all the key statistics surrounding your club 's fixture. premier league. crystal palace vs west bromwich albion -lrb- 3pm -rrb-. everton vs burnley -lrb- 3pm -rrb-. leicester city vs swansea city -lrb- 3pm -rrb-. stoke city vs southampton -lrb- 3pm -rrb-. chelsea vs manchester united -lrb- 5.30 pm -rrb-.
starbucks announced late friday night that a computer outage that affected registers at 8,000 stores in the us and canada , prompting baristas to give away free drinks , has now been resolved. the global coffeehouse chain said in an update on its site that stores are expected to open for ` business as usual ' saturday. the company said earlier the outage affected 7,000 stores in the us and 1,000 in canada. it did not explain exactly what caused the outage , which began in the early evening on the east coast and in the late afternoon on the west coast.
on may 23 , 2010 , bride-to-be rachelle friedman was pushed into a pool. breaking her neck , she was instantly paralyzed from the neck down. as paramedics rushed around her , friends wept , and her fiancé frantically phoned from three hours away , rachelle had one question : could she still have kids ? ` it was the first thing i thought of , ' rachelle told dailymail.com. but ever since i fell in love with chris i wanted to have babies with him. when i fell in the pool and they were saying things like `` paralyzed '' , i did n't know if i 'd be able to carry a child.
usually parents get to work teaching children their abcs. but one parent decided to teach their baby an altogether less practical trick. american youtube user kentuckyfriedidiot filmed himself teaching his newborn daughter how to suck a plastic water bottle. footage shows him gnawing on the side of a drinks container before stopping and prompting his child to follow. the infant then obediently performs the same stunt with a water bottle of her own. repeat after me : american youtube user kentuckyfriedidiot filmed himself teaching his newborn daughter how to suck a plastic water bottle. home tutoring : footage shows him gnawing on the side of a drinks container before stopping and prompting his child to follow.
brighton and hove albion are giving the club 's young players training in the law and ethics surrounding sexual consent. the championship side are the first club to provide training and counselling to its youth players , reports the bbc. brighton and hove albion are giving young players training in the law and ethics surrounding sexual consent. four current and former brighton players were cleared of sexual assault charges in 2013. the four players were found not guilty of sexually assaulting a 19-year-old women at a brighton hotel in 2013. the championship club , who play at the amex stadium -lrb- pictured -rrb- , are the first to provide such training .
the amount of time people spend listening to bbc radio has dropped to its lowest level ever , the corporation 's boss has admitted. the average listener spent just ten hours a week tuning in to bbc radio in the last three months of 2014 , according to official figures. the length of time people spend listening to bbc radio has dropped to its lowest level ever , figures show. this was 14 per cent down on a decade earlier , when listeners clocked up an average of 11.6 hours a week. the minutes of the bbc trust 's february meeting , published yesterday , revealed that director general tony hall highlighted the fall.
kim jong-un learned to drive when he was just three years old and won a yacht race at the tender age of nine. the bizarre claims are being taught to pupils across north korea as a way of indoctrinating future generations into glorifying their dictator in much the same way that his father , the late kim jong il , and his grandfather , kim il sung , were blindly heralded in days gone by. like a duck to water ... apparently : a new north korean school textbook claims that dictator kim jong-un -lrb- pictured , above , on a boat with military chiefs -rrb- learned to drive aged three and won a yacht race aged nine.
the lapd for searching for the person who tagged a police horse with graffiti this week - but the answer may be in the so-called ` art '. the horse , charly , was patrolling venice beach with his minders on tuesday when the vandalism incident occurred. vandalized : charly was patrolling venice beach with with his minders tuesday when the cruel tagger managed to write ` rbs ' and an arrow on the horse 's flank with silver spray paint. ' however , tags are cryptic signatures , and authorities are hoping they will be able to track down the person responsible using the tag , which was ` rbs '.
there 's no doubt that mesut ozil is an easy target for ex-pros and pundits. against liverpool , ozil was at his brilliant best in a massive game. you do n't become a real madrid hero or win the world cup without being something special. ozil is just that. mesut ozil wheels away to celebrate after his brilliant first half free-kick against liverpool. ozil is congratulated by his team-mates during arsenal 's impressive 4-1 victory on saturday afternoon. 7 - ozil has been involved in seven goals in his last eight league games , scoring three and setting up four. 241.9 - the german sets up a goal every 241.9 minutes in the pl , the seventh-best tally in the competition 's history.
he played so well for clermont auvergne last weekend -- again -- that england 's policy against picking players based abroad is back in focus. there is an assumption in many quarters that , this being a world cup year , it is time to abandon all principles and do whatever it takes to ensure that every englishman , wherever he may be , is available for selection. lancaster , his assistants and his employers are being stalked by calls for armitage to be called into the national squad , as befitting his supreme exploits for toulon. former bath full back nick abendanon was outstanding for clermont as they tore saracens to shreds.
australian josh kerr took home the prize for the most impressive crash when he put too much weight on the front of his board and flipped head first into the break , emerging bruised and beaten. the 31-year-old was attempting to surf the notorious ` box ' - a right hand barrel at margaret river 's main break on wednesday. scroll down for video. the most impressive wipe-out went to australian surfer josh kerr when he plunged head first into the reef. kerr was surfing the notorious ` box ' at margaret river which is renowned for shallow surf break. safety officials looked on in anticipation as the world champion surfer plunged into the break.
while conservative supporters love a good trashy plane read , it seems liberal democrats prefer to opt for the window seat for flights , while ukip supporters are the most likely to want to save money on holiday. the unusual statistics were revealed as part of a travelzoo survey into voters and their holiday habits , revealing the greens love a long-haul trip and labour are the most likely to try out their dance moves on holiday. conservative party supporters are more likely to take on some light reading such as fifty shades of grey rather than some more refined reading -lrb- file photo -rrb-.
a new mother who ` died ' for 11 minutes during her son 's birth woke up four days later with no memory of ever being pregnant or having her baby. hilary wilson , from whitchurch , shropshire , was technically dead for a terrifying 11 minutes after suffering a severe cardiac arrest as her son , felix , was being born. the 41-year-old woke up four days later , with absolutely no idea that she had been pregnant , or that she had given birth to felix just days earlier. hilary wilson had a cardiac arrest during a caesarean section and ` died ' for 11 minutes.
tousled hair. five o'clock shadow across a lantern jaw. the current crop of male leads smouldering all over our television screens are rocking a ` pretty but gritty ' look that makes colin firth 's erstwhile mr darcy look positively hygienic. shows such as poldark , vikings , outlander and game of thrones are dressing up their key actors in breeches , leather and chain metal and asking them to get down and dirty for their art , much to the delight of watching female fans. battle of the breeches ! actor kit harington -lrb- left -rrb- , clad in leather , plays jon snow in the hit hbo fantasy series game of thrones.
an adorable fox cub trapped in a garden fence was set free by a wildlife expert named simon cowell. the rescue mission was captured on camera and features mr cowell , who runs the wildlife aid foundation in leatherhead , surrey , travelling to the cub 's location in his car. the young fox cub had been stuck for around 40 minutes and was in desperate need of being set free. upon arrival , mr cowell gloves up and immediately begins tending to the fox. the cub is clearly distressed however and spits at the wildlife expert 's incoming hand before making a lunge at it with its mouth open.
pep guardiola will be reunited with barcelona after his bayern munich were paired with the catalan giants in the champions league semi-finals. the manager is to return to the nou camp for the first time since leaving in 2012. real madrid face juventus in the the other semi-final. pep guardiola is to return to the nou camp as bayern munich face barcelona in the champions league. the draw was made at uefa 's headquarters in nyon , switzerland on friday morning. the semi-final draw had all the usual anticipation and build-up that comes with uefa 's ceremonies. juventus ambassador pavel nedved shakes hand with real madrid 's ambassador emilio butragueno.
multi-million pound yachts , private jets and exclusive bolt-holes are not only the preserve of the super rich. from private islands and aston martins to castles and 75ft yachts , travelmail brings you an expert guide to holidaying like millionaire - no six-figure salary or coutts bank account necessary. scroll down for video. if you know where to look and when to book you can holiday like millionaire - no six-figure salary necessary. if you think chartering a private jet is only possible for the likes of beyonce , oligarchs and diplomats , you are in luck. jetsuite.com lets those with a far smaller bank balance book private jets for vastly reduced rates.
a chinese villager who was desperate to become a grandfather has been arrested for buying a wife for his son , then reselling her to another family after realising she was infertile. the man , known only as xu , even tried to impregnate the ` daughter-in-law ' himself after discovering his son had not slept with his wife a single time. xu is currently under arrest for human trafficking by the police of lianyungang city in eastern china , according to the people 's daily online. xu and his son live outside yancheng , a city of 1.6 million in eastern china.
rubbish teams refused to empty a recycling bin because it had an empty crisp packet on its lid. binmen said the bag of walkers prawn cocktail crisps fell foul of the rules -- even though it had been dropped there by a litterbug. the binmen in farnham , surrey , said the bag of walkers prawn cocktail crisps fell foul of the rules -- even though it had been dropped there by a litterbug and not by the owner of the bin -lrb- file image -rrb-. now enraged residents in farnham , surrey , have branded waste collection squads as ` little hitlers ' for enforcing recycling rules to the letter.
from looking as if a door had been slammed shut on them , liverpool , unexpectedly , have a chance to kick it back open and capitalise. when liverpool 's players trudged from the emirates stadium pitch , having been pummelled into submission by arsenal , all hope of a top-four finish looked to have evaporated. brendan rodgers , subdued and disconsolate , admitted as much in his post-match debrief. the rodgers who left london nine days ago is very different , though , to the rodgers who will step into anfield 's technical area on monday , feeling optimistic and satisfied with his lot.
belgian teenager obbi oulare scored as club brugge came from behind to beat anderlecht in front of scouts from a number of europe 's top clubs. scouts from manchester united , everton , sunderland , burnley , dortmund and leverkusen were in belgium to watch the top of the table clash. club brugge forward obbi oulare holds off a defender during his side 's europa league game last week. oulare started against dinpro in midweek and scored against anderlecht for the brugge on sunday. and he did not disappoint as he scored in the 74th minute after a timmy simons own goal to put anderlecht ahead.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- the night before her daughter 's first triathlon , kate parker could tell the child was nervous. ella and her younger sister , alice , are athletic , loud , curious , wild-haired kids. they grew up watching their mother compete in races and ella had asked to sign up for her own. '' it covers the last two years , but evolved from parker 's early days behind a camera , when she shot daily images of her girls to expand her knowledge of lighting and composition. it seemed that most images of little girls showcased perfectly placed hair bows , forced smiles and photoshop-smooth skin.
ahead of this weekend 's premier league action , sportsmail will be providing you with all you need to know about every fixture , with team news , provisional squads , betting odds and opta stats. here is all the information you need for sunderland 's home clash with crystal palace ... sunderland vs crystal palace -lrb- stadium of light -rrb-. sunderland. sunderland midfielder sebastian larsson is suspended for crystal palace 's barclays premier league trip to the stadium of light on saturday. the sweden international will sit out the next two games after reaching 10 bookings for the campaign during sunday 's 1-0 derby victory over newcastle.
cell phone footage has emerged appearing to show actor dennis quaid having a diva-esque meltdown on the set of his latest movie. the video , which surfaced on reddit on monday evening , shows quaid -- famed for roles in blockbusters such as wyatt earp , any given sunday and the day after tomorrow -- losing the plot after someone appears to wander into his line of sight. i ca n't even get a line out until dopey the dick starts whispering in your ear , and you 're not even watching anymore , ' the 61-year-old actor screams. ` this is the most unprofessional set i have ever been on ! ' cell phone footage has emerged appearing to show actor dennis quaid having a diva-esque meltdown on the set of his latest movie.
not one but two very familiar faces will be ranged against andy murray on the support benches as he revisits one of the most highly charged matches of his career. tomas berdych is his opponent in the semi-final of the miami open , the man murray met -- and eventually beat -- at the same stage of the australian open in january. andy murray will have to cope with seeing two of his former team in the opposite corner in miami. fitness trainer jez green -lrb- left -rrb- and coach danny vallverdu left murray to join tomas berdych 's team. there is no love lost on the tour between the british no 1 and his czech opponent berdych -lrb- right -rrb-.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- the sun had n't risen at garissa university college. most students slept in their beds. it started with an explosion and gunshots around 5:30 a.m. thursday -lrb- 10:30 p.m. et wednesday -rrb- at the kenyan school 's front gates. the attackers continued to fire as they stalked through campus , with the red cross saying they stopped at a girls ' dormitory. at one point , they burst into a room where christians had gathered and took hostages , said lecturer joel ayora. a student in the room told alex kubasu , a reporter with cnn affiliate citizen tv , that the terrorists sprayed bullets indiscriminately , striking his thigh.
atlanta -lrb- cnn -rrb- a passenger on an atlanta-bound air canada flight told a cnn reporter on the plane friday that a stranger sitting behind him tried to choke him. oliver minatel , 22 , said he was sleeping on air canada flight 8623 from toronto when he felt something around his neck. that 's what happened , '' minatel told cnn 's paula newton moments after the incident. she was seated four rows behind minatel , a professional soccer player traveling with his team. the incident occurred about a half-hour before the flight landed , after the pilots had begun their descent.
former olympic swimmer eamon sullivan has revealed the details of his romantic proposal to his girlfriend , perth lawyer naomi bass. the sporting hero has won two silver olympic medals and a number of gold and bronze at the commonwealth games. scroll down for video. former olympic swimmer eamon sullivan and girlfriend naomi bass recently got engaged on a trip to japan. the couple met in perth in 2011 , and sullivan proposed to bass beneath a cherry blossom tree in kyoto. however he took the opportunity and surprised his girlfriend so much she was n't even able to respond straight away.
the front pages of saturday 's australian newspapers featured moving tributes to richie benaud , the former australia captain and iconic cricket commentator , who has died aged 84. the daily telegraph in australia had a special tribute edition with the headline ' a marvellous innings ' next to a striking image of benaud during the 1961 ashes series. the age had a special tribute edition to richie benaud on saturday. the weekend australian carried tributes to ` the face of cricket ' on saturday. the world has been paying tribute to benaud , the former australia captain and iconic cricket commentator , who died on friday.
a young man who has been stuck in the foster system since the day his mother gave birth to him behind bars has finally found a home. i know god has n't given up on me , so i 'm not giving up either. i do n't care. the best i could be. ' most of all , davion said he just wanted a family that would ` love him forever. ' millions of people around the country soon head about davion 's story , and the young boy was even interviewed by barbara walters on the view , which all eventually led to him being adopted by a minister in ohio and his family.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- officer michael slager 's five-year career with the north charleston police department in south carolina ended after he resorted to deadly force following a routine traffic stop. slager , 33 , has been fired , officials said wednesday. his wife is eight months ' pregnant and the city will continue paying for her medical insurance until the baby is born , north charleston mayor keith summey told reporters. his mother was interviewed by abc news on thursday. she told abc her son loved being a police officer. she told abc she has n't watched the video of the shooting.
nairobi -lrb- cnn -rrb- an elite police commando unit waited hours for transport from nairobi , kenya , to garissa , where al-shabaab terrorists had taken over a university on april 2 , according to one of the commandos who participated in the response operation. of the fatalities , 142 were students at the university , and the rest were security forces and campus security. at 7:00 a.m. local time , the response team was told to assemble for a mission to garissa , the police commando told cnn. at 8:00 a.m. , he said , the team was told there were no police aircraft available to take them.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- canadian fighter jets have carried out their first airstrike against isis in syria , hitting one of the sunni militant group 's garrisons. the cf-18 hornets bombed near isis ' de facto capital of raqqa , canada 's department of national defence said wednesday. canadian forces are part of the u.s.-led coalition trying to stem the extremist group 's bloody advances in iraq and syria. canadian warplanes have conducted dozens of strikes against isis targets in iraq since november. canadian prime minister stephen harper announced plans last month to expand the airstrikes into syria. `` this first airstrike under the expanded mandate demonstrates our government 's firm resolve to tackle the threat of terrorism against canada and to promote international security and stability , '' defense minister jason kenney said in a statement.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- most companies in south korea have hoesik at least once a month and sometimes every week. in practice , it means official eating/drinking fests involving multiple rounds of alcohol at multiple venues. drinking etiquette is the first thing you teach foreign guests , '' says bryan do , a korean-american director at the south korean branch of a u.s. company. `` my boss was a graduate of korea university -lsb- renowned for its hardy drinking culture -rsb- and at my first hoesik , we started out with everyone filling a beer glass with soju , and downing it on the spot.
` washington 's horribly broken , ' kentucky republican sen. rand paul said tuesday , but it came in the midst of a tv interview broken up by prickly moments and interruptions. paul , who launched his presidential campaign tuesday in louisville , kentucky , sparred with today host savannah guthrie about his past foreign policy positions. as guthrie rattled off a list of issues where she said the senator had flipped and flopped -- iran , aid to israel and defense spending -- a testy and impatient paul cut her off. prickly : newly minted white house hopeful rand paul and nbc host savannah guthrie talked over each other on wednesday.
catania , sicily -lrb- cnn -rrb- we are at the beginning of a massive and mounting crisis with no solution in sight. the migrant crisis that has suddenly drawn hundreds of journalists to sicily has been brewing for years , but in the past 10 days , with as many as 1,600 deaths in the mediterranean , suddenly minds are focused -- for now. it was late at night in the besieged city of misrata. hundreds of african migrants were caught between the libyan civil war -lrb- back then some optimistically called it a `` revolution '' -rrb- and the deep blue sea.
carla suarez navarro advanced to the final of the miami open after topping andrea petkovic 6-3 , 6-3 in a semi-final on thursday. the spaniard 12th-seed did n't face a single break point and will meet either top seed serena williams or third seed simona halep in saturday 's final. it 's the eighth time that suarez navarro has reached a wta final. carla suarez navarro celebrates after match point in her match against andrea petkovic on thursday. suarez navarro will play either simona halep or serena williams in the final of the miami open. petkovic , the no 9 seed from germany , lost to suarez navarro for the third time in five meetings.
a st. louis woman is doing all she can to stop the city from tearing down the house that has housed three generations of her family. charlesetta taylor , 79 , has lived in her home for 70 years , and was a member of the first african-american family to live in her neighborhood , and now it and 49 others , may be bulldozed. scroll down for video. charlesetta taylor -lrb- above -rrb- , 79 , may have her home of 70 years torn down by the city of st. louis. taylor -lrb- above in the 60s -rrb- was part of the first african-american family in the neighborhood.
bernie ecclestone has urged lewis hamilton to think the unthinkable -- and consider a move from mercedes to ferrari. formula one 's puppeteer , who still pulls virtually every string in the paddock at the age of 84 , was speaking after calling hamilton in for talks at his office in bahrain. hamilton , 30 , has yet to put pen to paper on a new contract with mercedes. formula one supremo bernie ecclestone with lewis hamilton in bahrain. nico rosberg got the better of mercedes team-mate lewis hamilton in bahrain second practice. rosberg was slower in sectors one and two of fp2 but a mistake from hamilton gifted him first place.
sunday , april 26. on saturday he will dismount from the bay gelding box office after the 4.25 pm at sandown park -- the bet365 handicap hurdle -- and it will begin. just entries in record books and the fact he will never have to put his hand in his pocket at any racetrack in britain or ireland to remind him of what was. ap mccoy will race at sandown on saturday for the last time before he retires after a successful career. to date , mccoy has 4,357 winning memories. eddie arcaro had 4,779 , including five kentucky derbys. he was known as the master in american racing , comparable in his field to baseball legend joe dimaggio and golf 's jack nicklaus.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- talk show host dr. mehmet oz is defending himself against a group of doctors who accuse him of `` manifesting an egregious lack of integrity '' in his tv and promotional work and who call his faculty position at columbia university unacceptable. for example , i do not claim that gmo -lrb- genetically modified organism -rrb- foods are dangerous , but believe that they should be labeled like they are in most countries around the world. '' that show was taped on tuesday and in a clip posted online after the taping , he tells his audience he will not be silenced.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- on october 31 , 2014 , the italian government announced the end of `` mare nostrum '' -- a naval mission that rescued would-be migrants in peril as they tried to cross the mediterranean to seek security and a new life in europe. in the operation 's year-long existence , the italian navy and coastguard had rescued an estimated 100,000 people. without european support , the italian government cut back the naval assets dedicated to rescuing migrants. mare nostrum , which had been launched after some 600 people died when two migrant ships sank in 2013 , was replaced by the more modest `` operation triton , '' under the auspices of the european union 's border agency , frontex.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- a popular chinese television host known for impromptu satire is now the subject of controversy after being caught on camera cursing the late chairman mao zedong. bi fujian , who works for state-run china central television , was filmed at a dinner party singing a revolutionary song that eulogizes the communist party 's early years when he started going off script. `` the communist party , chairman mao. he made us suffer so bad , '' went bi 's improvised lyrics. `` my personal speech has led to grave social consequences , and i feel remorseful for that.
not every greek island lets you rent a boat and potter about at will , but skopelos does. the rope sank fast. oh dear. skopelos is known as the film location for mamma mia ! and i had feared there might be endless reminders of the day when meryl streep 's donna found love. i need not have worried. the island lies in the sporades , east of the mainland. with no airport , most people fly to skiathos , followed by an hour 's ferry ride. seal of approval : kyle encountered two locals of the bewhiskered variety while sailing around slopelos.
a georgia woman is speaking out about her refusal to follow doctors ' advice and pull the plug on her husband of just seven months following a devastating motorcycle crash. danielle davis says she looked to her faith when she was faced with the prospect of losing her husband brian in 2011 , just seven months after they were married. ' i did n't think that it was too big for god. ' scroll down for video. tragic : danielle davis says she looked to her faith when she was faced with the prospect of losing her husband brian in 2011 , just seven months after they were married when he was involved in a near fatal motorcycle crash.
a 16-year-old transgender girl who spoke about being bullied at school in fallbrook , california killed herself , a support group said , raising questions about what educators can and should do to support students who change gender identity. taylor alesana described her struggles in one of the many videos she posted to her fans last november , saying ; ` i 've lost tons of friends , tons. scroll down for video. taylor alesana -lrb- above -rrb- of fallbrook , california took her own life on april 2 after being bullied because she was transgender. the north county lgbtq resource center said the young woman did not have the support she needed from her school and adults , and sometimes was forced to dress as a boy -lrb- above in photo from 2 years ago -rrb-.
a german language teacher has been suspended in france after suggesting that panzers should invade the country again so as ` subdue unruly pupils '. ` he was a good man who built motorways and liked music , ' she is alleged to have said , before being suspended from the auguste remoir college in limoges , west-central france. the german language teacher suggested that tanks -lrb- pictured is a panzer during the second world war -rrb- should be used to invade france again to subdue unruly pupils. hundreds of german tanks rolled into the country in may 1940 as their blitzkrieg led to france becoming part of the third reich.
former top gear host jeremy clarkson has decided against hosting bbc 's have i got news for you later this month. the recording would have marked his first appearance for the bbc since being dismissed for hitting top gear producer oisin tymon in a ` fracas ' at a hotel over dinner. scroll down for video. jeremy clarkson will not be hosting an episode of have i got news for you later this month , according to the show 's producers , though they expect him to return to the show later in the year. jimmy mulville , managing director of hat trick productions , said : ` on reflection , jeremy clarkson has decided not to host have i got news for you.
loss : audrie pott , 15 , killed herself in 2012 after she was sexually assaulted at a party. two of her attackers have finally apologized and admitted she was unconscious during the ` criminal act ' two teenagers have finally apologized for sexually assaulting a 15-year-old girl who later committed suicide after images of the attack were shared around her high school. the pair , who have not been named , admitted audrie pott was unconscious at the time and did not consent to their ` criminal acts ' as they reached a civil settlement with her family. the teenager fell asleep after drinking gatorade laced with vodka at a friend 's party in their hometown of saratoga.
an oregon man adopted from south korea as a toddler fears that he could be torn away from his wife and three children because his u.s. citizenship was never registered. adam crapser , 39 , of salem , was issued with deportation papers by the department of homeland security in january and a hearing is set for april 2. however , his first set of adoptive parents abandoned him and the second set turned out to be abusive. adding to crapser 's struggles , at no point did his guardians seek the green card or citizenship for him that they should have.
whether he is in a car park , a factory or even a field , ed miliband is never far from a lectern during the election campaign. the labour leader has been touring the country with the prop in an attempt to make him appear more statesmanlike. he has delivered key speeches in the campaign stood behind the lectern. the labour leader has been touring the country with the prop in an attempt to make him appear more statesmanlike - using it in a north london street on april 16 and then in lincoln the next day. he has delivered key speeches in the campaign stood behind the lectern - including at a nhs rally in leeds on april 23 -lrb- left -rrb-.
the identity of the challenge becomes blurred in the haze. first it looks like floyd mayweather. now he glimpses manny pacquiao. and in which oasis in the sand might he finally touch gloves with one of the two best boxers on earth ? the initial lure has been mayweather in las vegas , nevada. now the siren call is pacquiao in abu dhabi , united arab emirates. for two years khan has been so close to fighting mayweather that he could smell the resin and hear the roar of the crowd. now the image of pacquiao dances before him and there is reason to believe that a tale which might have been told by scheherazade could become reality one starlit arabian night.
many people have the bad habit of squeezing blackheads and pimples on their faces. in an inspiring essay for marie claire , jenna marotta , 27 , tells of her experience with dermatillomania - a compulsive skin-picking disorder that left her face bleeding - and how she managed to overcome it. ` i 'd descend `` into the mirror '' for up to four hours a day , ' jenna writes in the essay , explaining how her actions horrified her parents. ' i would nick and squeeze and yank at every clogged pore on my face. ' scroll down for video.
shopping with friends is bad for your bank balance -- because it encourages people to spend far more than they would if making purchases by themselves. in a survey of 1,000 people from across the country , conducted by personal budgeting software company youneedabudget.com , 64 per cent of adults confessed that they end up spending more money when they shop with friends. peer pressure : 64 per cent of adults think they spend more money when they go shopping with friends , many blaming the urge to ` show off ' nearly half of the participants -lrb- 45 per cent -rrb- blamed the fact that they get carried away by excitement when they shop with friends.
ask manny pacquiao why he believes boxing to be the greatest sport of all and there is no mention of the $ 120 million or more he will be paid for going toe-to-toe with floyd mayweather in the most lucrative fist fight in history. ' manny pacquiao was the star attraction as he held an open workout in los angeles on wednesday. pacquiao was in good spirits as he showed off his skills for the gathered crowd at the wild card gym. pacquiao addressed gathered media and talked about his upcoming may 2 fight with floyd mayweather. pacquaio opened up about his motivation , his belief in god and journey to the top in boxing.
chris smalling. smalling used to be part of the problem at old trafford , now the defender 's improvement has been such that he 's at the forefront of manchester united 's march back to relevance. next up for smalling : lessons in passing. chris smalling , in action against didier drogba , has been at the forefront of manchester united 's resurgence. it 's a mystery why the former england fast bowler now spends life on the sky sports undercard as he remains one of the sharpest , bravest analysts they have. his comment about giving england 's ` constipated ' batsmen ` some syrup of figs ' in the west indies was so perfect it could have come from our own david lloyd.
amanda holden today revealed that her sister is trapped on mount everest after the devastating earthquake -- but said her life may have been saved because she had altitude sickness. the tv presenter said her sister , debbie , had managed to contact the family to say she was safe after a 7.9-magnitude quake struck nepal on saturday , killing more than 4,000 people. ' in a fortunate twist , she said debbie had not yet reached everest base camp , where a deadly avalanche hit , because she was ill and had stopped off to recover. numb : amanda holden has told how her sister is trapped on mount everest after the devastating earthquake.
a celebrity doctor known as ` healing hans ' has played a key role in getting paula radcliffe to the start line for sunday 's london marathon. ` i was close to pulling out , ' she admitted. ' instead radcliffe turned to renowned german doctor hans-wilhelm muller-wohlfahrt , who has worked with the likes of ronaldo , michael owen and usain bolt. world record holder paula radcliffe said she ` was close to pulling out ' of the london marathon on sunday. but hans-wilhelm muller-wohlfahrt , who has worked with ronaldo , has made sure radcliffe will race. despite a very public split with bayern munich coach pep guardiola last week , muller-wohlfahrt joined an american foot surgeon , orthotics specialists in belgium and physiotherapists at british athletics to make sure radcliffe will reach the start line for her final competitive marathon on sunday.
the body of a new york woman was left dangling from a fire escape for more than an hour sunday after she hung herself , police say. the unnamed woman was discovered around 8.20 am sunday hanging from the third-floor fire escape of her apartment building on utica ave. near prospect place in crown heights , the new york post reports. one man , who declined to give his name , told the new york daily news that he awoke to find the woman 's body hanging outside his apartment. ` she hung herself outside my window. ' hanging : the body of a new york woman was left dangling from a fire escape for more than an hour sunday after she hung herself.
do n't be fooled , arsene. do n't be caught out by this impressive run of form and think everything is in place for a crack at the title next year. it is not uncommon to see arsenal finish a season with a string of good results. usually they rattle out a sequence of wins just in time to preserve their place in the top four but too late to affect the destiny of the barclays premier league. chelsea were relentless from the first whistle and have had the title race firmly under control since before christmas. arsenal players celebrate after their extra-time winner against reading in the fa cup semi-finals last week.
maternity style can be a hard thing to get right. with a swiftly-changing body and fluctuating shape , it can be difficult to dress during pregnancy. helen flanagan stepped out recently to show off her burgeoning bump in a slinky clinging dress , red lips and heels , confirming that when it comes to maternity style there are distinctive camps. scroll down for video. helen flanagan , 24 , looked uncharacteristically demure as she stepped out recently in a floral midi dress. some pregnant women will choose comfort over style , realising that it 's a time when their bodies are changing drastically.
if you had # 140,000 to splurge , would you splash out on an aston martin db9 volante or maybe even a three-bedroom detached house in nottingham ? or , would you rather shell your hard-earned savings on a pink handbag ? that is exactly what retailer vestiaire collective is hoping for , as they put a hermes bag on sale for a cool # 140,000 on their site. is this britain 's most expensive handbag ? a sade-to-measure pink croc hermes birkin bag embellished with rubies has gone on sale for # 140,000. fanny moizant , vestiaire collective 's brand communications director and head of uk , said : ` hermes birkin bags have come to symbolise the epitome of quality , the materials and the impeccable french craftsmanship are second to none.
a museum in hawaii is preparing to open a treasure-trove of artifacts from the shipwreck of a royal yacht sunk off the coast of kauai 191 years ago. richard rogers , a hawaii shipwreck chaser , worked with scientists from the smithsonian institution to dredge up the findings from the ship owned by king kamehameha ii , aka liholiho , the second king of hawaii. finally returned home : artifacts that belonged to the second king of hawaii but that sunk on a ship in 1824 are now being returned to kauai and will go on display at the local museum.
nick robinson returned to the tv screens last night , with his voice still recovering its strength after his cancer treatment. the bbc 's political editor announced at the start of march that he would be taking some weeks off for treatment for a rare lung tumour. last night he returned to the bbc 's news at six to analyse the labour 's party 's manifesto from the studio. bbc political editor nick robinson made a brief return to tv screens last night -lrb- pictured -rrb- , although his voice sounded weak and strained following his cancer surgery. mr robinson 's voice sounded weak and strained after his treatment for a bronchial carcinoid tumour which involved surgery to stop cancer spreading to other parts of the body.
that 's a wrap - mercedes-benz fashion week australia came to a close on thursday night in sydney , with the johanna johnson show bringing the event to a spectacular close with her hollywood-inspired sirens ' call presentation. some dazzling creations had fashion spectators dreaming of an occasion special enough to warrant a couture price tag , other trends were so wearable we wanted to snap them up straight off the model 's backs ... while a few were downright bizarre. make-up trends and accessories threatened to overshadow many of the designs being showcased , with stylists going over the top to stand out with head pieces , masks and other adornments bordering on the ridiculous.
this is the terrifying moment a woman drives the wrong way down a highway and plows into oncoming traffic in an apparent suicide attempt. jack rivera , a new york trucker , captured the collision on his dashcam as he drove along the interstate 35e in texas last wednesday. footage shows the driver of a black suv , identified as 49-year-old laura michelle mayeaux , coming off at the 397 exit and veering over to the wrong side of the lane. as the back end of the 18-wheeler swings out , it pushes a red pickup truck off course. thick black skid marks can be seen on the tarmac as smoke fills the air.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- we want our killers to be kind. well , aaron hernandez , the former new england patriots tight end and now convicted murderer , made none of those excuses. he walked into court with an air of bravado , his head held high like the $ 40 million , nfl superstar he was just a couple of years ago. several times he was even caught winking at his fiancee , shayanna jenkins , during the trial. hernandez did n't offer a plausible alibi. he did n't look ashamed or remorseful. his own attorney , james sultan , admitted that hernandez `` witnessed '' the killing of odin lloyd , `` committed by somebody he knew , '' but said his client did not commit the crime.
the police officer accused of murdering walter scott will be banned from seeing his first-born child for several months , it was revealed today. patrol officer michael slager will be refused the right to hold the baby which his wife jamie is set to give birth to in a few weeks. they are not allowed to spend any time together and contact is via video screens with headphones at the charleston county jail. but the baby will not be able to enter the south carolina prison. before the fall : patrolman michael slager , 33 , with his wife jamie before his arrest.
it 's not the first time a child has been accused of eating her parents out of house and home -- but in jessica knight 's case , it 's literally true. the four-year-old has an unusual appetite for furniture , soft furnishings and fittings , and doctors say they are unable to treat her. other non-food items she devours include sand and chips of cement from paving blocks. jessica suffers from pica , a rare medical disorder that leads to an appetite for non-nutritious substances. it is more commonly recognised among pregnant women , some of whom develop unusual cravings.
it is not the first advertising billboard in which a company has used the image of a svelte , bikini-clad model to sell its wares and it probably wo n't be the last. the company is facing a massive backlash over its billboard campaign -- including vandalised posters , a petition , a protest rally and even a bomb threat. scroll down for video. protein world 's billboard campaign advertising diet supplements features a svelte bikini-clad model asking ` are you beach body ready ? ' campaigners launched a scathing attack on the protein supplement company after the advert -- which features a toned model posing with the slogan ` are you beach body ready ? ' -- began appearing on the london underground three weeks ago.
a few months ago aston villa would have been happy with premier league survival. in recent years villa have struggled to compete but they are a proper club. villa were one of the founder members of the football league and in the early years of the fa cup , the trophy was almost theirs to keep. aston villa celebrate in the wembley dressing room after beating liverpool to reach this year 's fa cup final. martin keown joined aston villa in 1986 and made the move because of the club 's rich history and tradition. tim sherwood has invigorated this side and you can feel that improvement in their performances.
ten years ago , bartender liz clark did just that when she swapped cleaning glasses for sailing around the world. the 34-year-old left her home in san diego , california , when she was given a cal 40 sailboat on the condition that she sail the globe and document her travels. scroll down for video. ten years ago , bartender liz clark did just that when she swapped cleaning glasses for sailing around the world. the 34-year-old promised to document her travels on a cal 40 sailboat after being handed inspiration from a retired professor. and for the last decade liz has been enjoying an idyllic life as she sails alone in a sailboat , travelling about 25,000 nautical miles to date.
tyler macniven became known to millions when the aspiring filmmaker won the ninth season of the amazing race , and a $ 1million prize , and now it seems he may have used some of that money to create one epic save the date. the video , inspired by action films , shows the two literally saving ` the date ' as they wash up on shore , fight friends disguised as villains and ultimately escape from one very large explosion. scroll down for video. tyler macniven , who won the ninth season of the amazing race , filmed a save the date for his upcoming wedding.
humans never have lived on a planet that 's 2 degrees celsius -lrb- 3.6 fahrenheit -rrb- warmer than it was before we started burning fossil fuels , in the late 1800s , and climate experts say we risk fundamentally changing life on this planet if we do cross that 2-degree mark. `` this is gambling with the planet , '' said gernot wagner , the lead senior economist at the environmental defense fund and co-author of the book `` climate shock. '' think super droughts , rising seas and mass extinctions. vote using the facebook poll below -lrb- or go here if you do n't see it.
that 's what happened to cyclist wang pingan as he neared the end of a two-wheel trek that covered thousands of miles through every major province in the vast country , according to local media. arriving in the southern city of shenzhen , in southern guandong province , wang locked up his trusty mountain bike , loaded with panniers , to check out electronics markets in the city 's huaqiangbei area. within 10 minutes the thieves struck. despite police initially saying odds were stacked against the bike ever being recovered , shenzhen 's finest managed to track it down and return it.
it 's 11 years since arsenal won the title. they went from invincibles to incapables. of course chelsea could implode and hand the title to arsenal over the next six weeks or so , but that 's unlikely. if it does happen it 's a title that 's long overdue and nothing can ever take away the barren years when arsenal and arsene wenger were an embarrassment at home and abroad -- specialists in failure. those years will always hang heavy around wenger 's neck. yes , yes , there 's the fa cup currently sitting there in the trophy cabinet alongside the shiny shield they won in august.
police in colorado have cited a. shooting it eight times with a handgun after what authorities. lucas hinch , who runs an organic herb and tea shop , was cited for discharging a firearm within city. limits after officers responded to a ` shots fired ' call early on. monday evening , the colorado springs police department said in a. ` investigation revealed a resident was fed up with fighting. his computer for the last several months , ' said the statement ,. entitled ` man kills his computer. ' ` he took the computer into the back alley and fired eight.
maths is a subject you either understand and enjoy or struggle through feeling rather bored. but a maths teacher from biola university in la mirada , california , may have just created the most interesting lesson ever. matthew weathers , a teacher at biola university in california , often posts videos of himself tricking his class. loading one up on his screen in demonstration , the teacher watches a bit of the video before noticing that the content is backwards and stating that he is embarrassed. after acknowledging his supposed blunder again , the recorded version of mr weathers on the video screen suddenly halts his virtual lesson to confront the teacher in the classroom.
a british couple tying the knot are to break two records as they become the oldest ever newlyweds , with a combined age of 195 , and the uk 's most elderly groom at 103. george kirby and 91-year-old doreen luckie from eastbourne , east sussex , will marry after first getting together 27 years ago in 1988. i definitely do n't feel my age. scroll down for video. george kirby and 91-year-old doreen luckie from eastbourne , east sussex , will marry after first getting together 27 years ago in 1988. george , currently 102 , proposed on valentine 's day and will marry for the third time on june 13 - getting hitched to doreen in front of 60 guests.
some of the most common pregnancy cravings are chocolate , ice cream or even pickles. for silvia , star of the series my extraordinary pregnancy , suffered from pica , an eating disorder that makes people crave non-food substances. in the discovery tv show my extraordinary pregnancy silvia revealed how she suffered from pica during her third pregnancy meaning she wanted to eat rocks. in the programme that followed silvia throughout her pregnancy , she is seen picking up tiny rocks from out side of her house , saying : ' i feel really upset and guilty , i feel ashamed but i have to do it.
now , less than 12 hours after poldark ended with a dramatic cliffhanger , disgruntled viewers have taken to twitter to complain of ` withdrawal symptoms ' - and urge the bbc to hurry up with series two. ` as if the sherlock hiatus was n't bad enough ... experiencing #poldark withdrawal symptoms already , ' tweeted fan mihaela doaga within minutes of the closing credits. scroll down for video. to be continued ... poldark ended last night on a dramatic cliff-hanger with the main man hauled off to jail. others complained of having their monday morning blues made worse by waking up to the prospect of going months before seeing mr turner , 31 , and his famous abs on screen once more.
mustafa kamal resigned as icc president on wednesday , accusing india of influencing the outcome of the cricket world cup quarter-final against bangladesh. ` everyone saw what happened during the bangladesh-india match ... india has influenced the outcome of the match using its position -lrb- in the icc -rrb- , ' kamal , a bangladeshi , said at the airport on his return from the tournament in australia. ` from now on , i am a former president of the icc. ' mustafa kamal , pictured with the cricket world cup trophy , has stepped down as icc president. kamal has stepped down amid accusations that india influenced the outcome of a world cup match.
weighing 28st , the 31-year-old , feared she would not live to see her wedding day. for most of her adult life , miss mccormick 's obesity meant had been in and out of hospital , suffering with life-threatening asthma attacks. doctors warned the strain of being overweight would kill her if she did n't slim down - and fast. shanna mccormick , 31 , whose weight had ballooned to nearly 28st -lrb- left -rrb- managed to lose 16.5 st in two years so she can walk down the aisle with pride. before her weight loss , miss mccormick 's partner dan dimmock had been terrified his partner would die in her sleep.
an airport luggage conveyor belt has a novel way of separating bags into the correct queues - but it 's a somewhat cut and thrust job. suddenly the mechanical arm springs into action giving the luggage some brute force. the mechanism appears to work on a sensor system , ensuring it strikes out at the centre of the luggage so as to not spin it , but what might shock is the force of the action. it is not known where this video was taken , although it is believed to be an international airport. however baggage pushers like this are used at airports all over the world , with dutch company vanderlande market leaders in the machinery.
birmingham airport could soon be known as ` shakespeare 's airport ' in the u.s. in order to attract more visitors , tourism chiefs have announced. the airport could also be called ` birmingham london ' as the hs2 rail link will make the hub just 38 minutes from the centre of the capital - only ten minutes further away than terminal 5 at heathrow. birmingham airport could be rebranded ` shakespeare 's airport ' in the u.s. to attract more tourists , but there are concerns that not enough americans will know who the playwright is. chief executive paul kehoe said : ` the reason we used shakespeare for the chinese is there is a lot of interest there.
her recent achievements include a 3,000-mile bicycle ride across the usa , a cross-country ski marathon and a four-mile swimming race in a turkish tidal shipping strait. the duchess of cambridge 's younger sister was seen going for an early evening run in the sunshine , displaying her toned figure in a blue sports vest and patterned shorts with pink and grey trainers and a baseball cap. scroll down for video. pippa middleton was seen enjoying an early evening run in a london park , stopping to chat to a fellow jogger. new balance pink ribbon 990v3 sneakers. pippa middleton kicked up her workout gear to the next level with a pair of new balance sneakers trimmed with a pop of pink.
juventus goalkeeper gianluigi buffon has no immediate plans to retire and said it would be a waste to quit now when he feels he is still in top form. ' a player stops when he feels that he is no longer what he was before on the pitch , ' buffon , 37 , told reporters after juventus beat monaco 1-0 in the champions league on tuesday. i will continue to keep playing as long as i am doing well , otherwise it would be a waste. why bid farewell to football if you are playing well ? ' juventus goalkeeper gianluigi buffon says he is not thinking about retiring because he is still playing well.
ronald koeman has promised not leave southampton this summer , even if barcelona were to come calling. koeman , though , has been revelation in his first season in english football , not only steering saints to calmer waters but new heights. southampton manager ronald koeman has promised not leave southampton this summer for a bigger club. barcelona and the likes of neymar -lrb- top -rrb- are not of interest to koeman after his successful season. even managing cristiano ronaldo at real madrid does not appeal over england 's south coast for koeman. only a point is needed to break the record premier league points tally set last season under mauricio pochettino , who returns to st mary 's for the first time since leaving last summer when tottenham arrive on saturday.
nhs bosses have today come under fire after it emerged a hospital paid a temporary nurse # 2,200 to cover a single 12-hour shift. the figure , which equates to # 183 an hour , was paid by the shrewsbury and telford hospital nhs trust. it also emerged there were 47 agency nurses working at the trust in december last year. the trust , which runs the royal shrewsbury hospital and the princess royal hospital in telford , has been criticised for wasting taxpayers ' money. the shrewsbury and telford hospital nhs trust paid # 2,200 to a temporary nurse for one 12-hour shift to help amid a shortage of trained nurses , a freedom of information request revealed -lrb- file picture -rrb-.
the first man to serve as white house social secretary , jeremy bernard , is leaving after four years on the job. the white house said today that bernard would depart after a state dinner next month held in honor of the japanese prime minister , confirming rumors that bernard , 53 , would soon exit the administration. ` jeremy will be missed , and barack and i wish him the very best in all of his future endeavors. ' the first lady , pictured here in november 2011 with white house social secretary jeremy bernard in hawaii , said in a statement she was ` lucky to have such a talented individual on my team.
two goals inside the last four minutes saw the yorkshire derby clash between sheffield wednesday and huddersfield end in a 1-1 draw. wednesday substitute sergiu bus opened the scoring in the 86th minute and ishmael miller , also on as a substitute , secured a point for his side with an equaliser just a minute from time. the result leaves huddersfield without a win in their last seven games and 18th in the table , six places and nine points behind wednesday. sergiu bus celebrates putting sheffield wednesday ahead against huddersfield. goals : bus 86 ' huddersfield : smithies , smith , hudson , lynch , scannell , coady , edgar , butterfield , james , vaughan , wells -lrb- miller 63 ' -rrb-.
yoga but recoil at sharing the experience with a room full of. experts say it sets men free to flex. tight hamstrings without hearing invocations to hindu deities or. scroll down for video. yoga for men : from downward dog to warrior pose , broga is becoming increasingly popular thanks to its ` rugged ' approach to traditional yoga workouts. making a point : traditionally seen as an exercise regime for women , yoga is changing and now has a more universal appeal. flexible and did n't like the thought of embarrassing myself in. front of a group of women , ' said financial analyst and broga enthusiast eric wright ,.
president barack obama threw off the gloves and took a direct punch at one of his possible successors , likely republican presidential candidate scott walker , in an interview airing this morning. responding to walker 's claims that he 'd ` absolutely ' cancel or ` disown ' a deal with iran on ` day one ' if elected to higher office , obama told npr morning edition host steve inskeep that such an approach ` would be foolish. walker fired back at obama on twitter , saying , ` americans would be better served by a president who spent more time working with governors & congress rather than attacking them.
most women know them well : irritability , cravings , fatigue ... the ugly , tiresome side effects that precede their period. ` premenstrual symptoms such as irritability and cravings are common , but they 're not normal , ' dr lara briden tells daily mail australia. scroll down for video. common , but not inevitable : while premenstrual symptoms such as irritability , cravings and fatigue have become accepted by most women as normal , one doctor claims it should n't be so. dr briden , a naturopathic doctor with nearly 20 years experience in women 's health , recounts a patient who was suffering with pms whom she helped by changing her eating habits.
the world 's first cloned camel is pregnant , scientists claim. the mother-to-be , whose name is injaz , was cloned from the ovarian cells of a slaughtered camel in 2009 and born from a surrogate mother. the world 's first cloned camel is pregnant , scientists claim. the mother-to-be , whose name is injaz , was cloned from the ovarian cells of a slaughtered camel in 2009 and born by surrogate mother. dr nisar wani , scientific director of the reproductive biotechnology centre in nad al sheba , dubai , told the national : ` we are very excited because injaz is now pregnant and we expect to have a calf from her late this year.
a transgender comedian is the latest real life model to star in a campaign for clothing label modcloth , in which she models a variety of her favorite feminine styles. rye silverman , 32 , a los angeles-based writer and self-confessed ` gender rebel ' , has been a fan of modcloth 's designs for years , and often posts pictures of herself wearing the clothing on the company 's style gallery , an open fashion forum where customers can showcase how they have styled each item to suit their own personal tastes. breaking out : rye , who came out as a transgender when she was 27 , says that ` living an honest life ' is the most important thing to her.
patrick bamford has scored 19 goals for middlesbrough this season and is the championship 's player of the year. it is an impressive tally and may yet sweep the club back to the premier league. he is on loan from chelsea and the question being asked is whether he could be stamford bridge 's answer to harry kane next season. kane got his chance because tottenham 's expensively imported striker roberto soldado disappointed. patrick bamford -lrb- left -rrb- hopes to become chelsea 's answer to tottenham hotspur 's harry kane next season. middlesbrough 's bamford insists he wants to fight for his place at stamford bridge with chelsea.
the mother of a baby rescued after being trapped in rubble for 22 hours following the nepal earthquake has told of the torture she endured while she heard her little boy cry for help under their flattened home. five-month-old sonit awal was asleep upstairs in the family home when the quake struck , but was saved from death by a cupboard that fell over him. but today mother rasmila awal told mailonline of her ` overwhelming joy ' when rescuers finally arrived and pulled sonit from the devastation , with little more than a scratch to his face. scroll down for video.
michael bisping admitted he had expected an easier fight after beating cb dollaway on points in montreal. the manchester middleweight was in action for the first time since losing to luke rockhold last year. michael bisping -lrb- left -rrb- lands a kick to the head of cb dollaway during their ufc 186 fight in montreal. dollaway -lrb- left -rrb- puts manchester 's bisping on the canvas during their middleweight clash on saturday. bisping -lrb- left -rrb- shows his delight after winning a unanimous points decision over the american. ` that win was for my son callum , who is celebrating his 14th birthday , ' bisping said.
manny pacquiao literally got two words in before a conference call about his fight with floyd mayweather jnr was abruptly cancelled on monday. a spokesman for pacquiao 's promoter blamed technical difficulties for the cancellation , partly due to the large number of boxing writers and broadcasters who were on the call. ' manny pacquiao 's conference call about his fight against floyd mayweather was cancelled during media event. pacquiao was on the call from los angeles for what was supposed to be his last question and answer session before he arrives in las vegas next week for the may 2 fight.
jack black the friendly jackdaw -lrb- pictured -rrb- has become so well-loved one fan has set up a facebook page for him with over 450 members. he is jack black the friendly jackdaw and he has become so well-loved in penryn , cornwall , that one fan has set up a facebook page for him. jack was hand-reared by a vet as a chick in 2013 after being discovered with no feathers , before being released into the wild. he has become so relaxed around humans that he regularly falls asleep in the laps and hands of residents. he taps on windows to signal he has arrived and even pops into supermarkets and perches on trolleys as residents shop.
a ` blokey ' joke book on sale at river island containing an offensive joke about domestic violence has caused a twitter storm prompting the high street brand to withdraw it from shelves. the ` really blokey jokes ' book by jake harris on sale at river island -lrb- left -rrb- contains an offensive joke about domestic violence -lrb- right -rrb- a picture of the offensive joke was first tweeted by media commentator tim doble via @betterthantoday who was shocked when he noticed the joke in the book on the shop floot. ' a man is watching his wife get beaten up by five men when the police arrive , ' reads the joke.
finding a prom partner can be stressful. in a last-ditch attempt to find a suitor for his may 2 dance in nevada , he tuned to social media and was over-joyed when his straight guy friend , jacob lescenski , stepped in to fill the spot. he was even more touched when his guy pal came up with an extra special promposal idea which has since garnered thousands of ` likes ' and retweets online. in the caption he voiced his delight , writing : ` guess who just got asked to prom by @jacob_lescenski. ' best of friends : martinez instantly responded to the question with a big ` yes ' and excited hug.
henley and partners created a visa restrictions index , which ranks countries globally in accordance to the travel freedom their inhabitants enjoy - with some surprising results. scroll down for video. the visa restrictions index analyses countries ability to travel visa-free. the latest results were based on results from may 20 , 2014. = luxembourg. = portugal. = spain -lrb- 172 points -rrb-. where it might be expected that countries such as north korea and possibly cuba could take the bottom spots for the most restricted travel freedom , they actually place at 86 and 69 respectively , from a ranking of a total of 94.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- it 's clear from hillary clinton 's campaign rollout -- a video announcement/campaign ad/short film that debuted sunday afternoon -- that she will make women and being a woman central to her outreach. in case you 're skeptical , vox has posted a handy `` by the numbers '' for her campaign video , and there are 38 people besides clinton in the two-minute ad. twenty of them are women. this is all fine and good -lrb- and predictable -rrb- if you acknowledge that the proportion of women who vote has exceeded the proportion of men who vote in every presidential election since 1980.
nasa has unveiled a revolutionary type of wing that it says could save millions in air travel. the wing is able to morph itself like that of a bird to provide the same functionality as normal flaps , but with much less weight. it can also reportedly be used to increase fuel efficiency and even reduce noise on take-off and landing. scroll down for videos. nasa has been testing a flexible wing on a plane in california -lrb- shown -rrb-. the wing can bend from -2 degrees up to 30 degrees. in this image , the technology is visible at the flat ` flap at the base of the wing.
barcelona scored three crucial away goals and all but ended the tie after easing to a 3-1 win over paris saint-germain at the parc des princes. goals from neymar and a double from luis suarez , made sure the la liga leaders travel back to spain delighted with the result and their performance. here sportsmail rates the players in the first leg of the champions league quarter-final. luis suarez was the star man for barcelona and scored a brilliant second-half double to put them in control. salvatore sirigu - 6 - commanding in the air with a disjointed defence in front of him but could do nothing to stop neymar 's cool finish.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- the cuba that photographer carolina sandretto captures is a world away from the images of neon 1950s american cars and postcard-worthy white sand beaches that most visitors to the island bring back home. instead sandretto focuses on `` solares , '' the crumbling buildings that many cubans divide and cohabitate , often with several generations and separate families sharing one dwelling. following fidel castro 's 1959 revolution , houses and apartments were redistributed throughout cuba and the government promised that everyone would have a home in the new socialist utopia. but building did not keep pace with the population , and cubans were forced to adapt by dividing and re-dividing up homes to make room.
but benidorm , the package holiday mecca famous for a lowbrow british tv sitcom and adult entertainer sticky vicky is bidding for unesco world heritage status. however , the brash british holiday playground is not getting ideas above its station , say those pushing for its membership to the world 's most exclusive culture club. scroll down for video. high rise holiday resort benidorm , dating to the 1960s , wants the same recognition as other ` world wonders ' like stonehenge , the taj mahal and the great wall of china. sociology professor mario gaviria , the force behind an application to unesco , argues that benidorm should be praised for being one of the few places where beach holidays are accessible for all.
all the smiles can not hide the reality that mccluskey and his union are a potent , sinister force in british politics. out on the election campaign trail under blue skies in south wales , the trade union firebrand 's manner was as warm as the weather. i had to confess i had. but that did not stop ` red ' len mccluskey giving me the time of day on a street in neath as he conducted a two-day tour of the principality to drum up support for labour 's cause. his gospel of traditional hard-left socialism goes down well with the converted , as does his hackneyed anti-conservative bile.
andy hornby is non-executive chairman of pharmacy 2u , which was found to be selling nhs patients ' details on without their knowledge. the chairman of the online pharmacy site found to be selling nhs patients ' data without their knowledge is the shamed former chief executive of hbos. a mail investigation yesterday told how the personal details of thousands of users of pharmacy 2u are being sold to companies that target the sick. mr hornby last night faced calls to step down from his role as non-executive chairman of pharmacy 2u and was condemned for profiting from the sale of his customers ' personal data.
garissa , kenya -lrb- cnn -rrb- the sign painted onto the school entrance wall reads : `` youth is a mistake , adulthood is a struggle , old age is a regret. the students -lrb- aged 8 to 14 -rrb- at the ibnu-siina school in northern kenya are getting a so-called `` western '' education , taking lessons in subjects like mathematics , science and english. but it 's an education that al-shabaab -- the somali-based terror group -- is trying to prevent the children from obtaining , according to the head of the school. `` these men , al-shabaab , want to make sure everything goes negative , '' headmaster james ndonye told cnn.
thomas bjorn was faced with a bit of a dilemma on the par-five second. but his aim on his third was clearly a little off. thomas bjorn 's shot managed to land in the lap of a female fan during the first round of the masters. hooking his shot left of the target , bjorn 's ball flew into a crowd of spectators and landed firmly in the lap of a female fan. clearly unperturbed by the incident , he managed to get up and down for par. american russell henley shot 68 as he made a good start to his second masters.
looking on course for a first victory in seven championship games against the 10 men of watford , they conceded an equaliser to odion ighalo that further undermines their promotion ambitions. adlene guedioura seized on hesitant defending by craig forsyth with 15 minutes to go to slip a weighted pass to his watford team-mate , who poked the ball past lee grant to snatch an unlikely point. there was a seismic rally from the hosts , who ended the game camped in watford 's box , never mind half. the final act was heurelho gomes producing a fingertip save from richard keogh 's header.
one little boy was lucky enough to meet justin verlander , pitcher for the detroit tigers , under those same , once-in-a-lifetime , circumstances. verlander snapped a selfie in front a little boy wearing a dark blue shirt with verlander 's name and jersey number , 35 , on the back. scroll down for video. selfie : detroit tigers pitcher justin verlander -lrb- right -rrb- snapped this selfie in front a little boy wearing a dark blue shirt with verlander 's name and jersey number , 35 , on the back. instagram : the pitcher uploaded the selfie to his more than 150,000 instagram followers writing : ` love having my fans support !! this little guy was pretty surprised when he turned around ' the pitcher uploaded the selfie to his more than 150,000 instagram followers writing : ` love having my fans support !! this little guy was pretty surprised when he turned around.
there were a lot of potential managers in the arsenal team that patrick vieira captained but he , more than anybody , looked destined to be a top boss. if manchester city do end up sacking manuel pellegrini then there is already one man at the club who would happily take over , if asked. patrick wants to be a manager. he was a ferocious competitor on the pitch but off it he is a class act. patrick vieira could be next in line to replace manuel pellegrini at the etihad stadium. city manager pellegrini faces a nervous wait to see if he keeps his job this summer.
arsenal midfielder santi cazorla is among a number of players to have offered support to villarreal defender mateo musacchio following his gruesome leg injury. the argentinian fractured his fibula and dislocated his left ankle during his side 's 1-1 draw at getafe in the primera division on sunday. the 24-year-old underwent successful surgery hours later in madrid. villarreal 's mateo musacchio runs for the ball near the touchline with 13 minutes left to play. as he closes in on the ball and the sliding opponent , his right foot is bent back , breaking his ankle. no recovery time has been set by the club but musacchio is expected to be sidelined for at least six months.
experiences which bring us true pleasure are being with loved ones , enjoying warm weather , eating wonderful home-cooked food and just laughing uncontrollably. surely a far more useful exercise is to list every aspect of modern life that makes us unhappy. here 's my list of pet hates -- which gets longer by the day :. in the face of an increasing number of surveys claiming to reveal what makes us most happy , janet street-porter reveals her list of the things that are making her unhappy - which is getting longer by the day ! trendy men with bushy beards.
the man whose father married tippi hedren and who spent years living with melanie griffith as her stepbrother is opening up about the infamous lion film the two made with their parents , roar. they worked , and lived , with lions for the 11 years they made the film , and now , john marshall , son of director noel marshall who was married to hedren , is saying of his father 's decision ; ` dad was a f**king ** hole to do that to his family. ' scroll down for video. tippi hedren , muse to the famed director alfred hitchcock , has fun with her lion neil.
aston villa owner randy lerner did n't attend wembley on sunday after his aunt passed away. the 53-year-old american had been tipped to make a rare appearance but boss tim sherwood said : ` i 've not spoken to him yet. my phone is buzzing in my pocket but i do n't know who it is. he 's the biggest aston villa fan i know. ' aston villa owner randy lerner is rarely seen at the club 's games , but was expected to appear at wembley. lerner has been publicly trying to sell villa since last may , and is hopeful of concluding a deal worth around # 150million once the season is finished.
until a few days ago , the closest danny willett could come to playing augusta national was on a simulator at doncaster golf range , where he also gained his first experience of doral before last month 's wgc-cadillac championship. and considering the 27-year-old yorkshireman finished joint 12th following a closing round of 68 on the blue monster , perhaps it is not too fanciful to suggest willett could become the first masters debutant to slip on the green jacket since fuzzy zoeller in 1979. danny willett is aiming to become the first debutant to win the masters since fuzzy zoeller in 1979.
imminent arrival : the duchess of cambridge , pictured with prince george. the pony-tailed young woman sitting on a hay bale at a petting zoo with her little boy perched on her knee wore barely a trace of make-up. the only giveaway that she was someone special was the diamond and sapphire ring sparkling on her left hand. while some other mothers nudged one another in disbelief as kate and prince george cooed over the new-born animals , staff at snettisham farm park , norfolk , are so familiar with the duchess of cambridge she knows many on first-name terms. helped by his mother , her prominent bump hidden beneath what appeared to be william 's green barbour coat , prince george tenderly gave a bottle of milk to one of the farm 's new-born piglets.
judy murray dazzled at her son andy 's wedding , wearing a belted dress-coat that accentuated her toned stomach. engage your abdominal muscles , keep your back straight and lean back a little -lrb- put your palms on the floor to support yourself -rrb-. keep legs together and lift your feet so your lower legs are parallel to the floor. start by keeping the knees bent -lrb- straighten them for this move as you get stronger -rrb- , keeping a v shape between your thighs and upper body.
time fries when you 're having fun. dedicated waitress judy eddingfield , 65 , celebrated her 50th anniversary working at winstead 's restaurant in kansas city last week and declares that it 's the only job 's she 's ever had or ever wanted. scroll down for video. dedicated employee : for most of her life judy eddingfield has been employed as a server at winstead 's in kansas city and says it 's the only job she 's ever had or ever wanted. classic establishment : this is a photo of the the winstead family who own the restaurant showing up for work in 1940 around the time when judy eddingfield 's mother started working there.
a man who claims he kicked a young mother out of his car when she got too drunk on their date has been arrested for obstructing justice two weeks after she vanished. ashley pegram , a 28-year-old mother-of-three , left her summerville , south carolina home for a date with a man she had met on messaging service kik on the evening of april 3. her sister , brandy chance , reported her missing the next day and went through her kik account , where she found messages from a man who identified himself as 18-year-old emoney bon. scroll down for video.
having a truck for a home might not sound ideal to the average person but one creative family have transformed their moving house into a castle complete with a rooftop bathtub and guaranteed to please even the pickiest of travellers. but when it is unfolded , the vehicle transforms into a majestic but cosy home for justin , jola and their baby son piko. new zealand couple justin and jola transformed a huge truck into colourful and cosy castle-home. complete with two turrets in the rear , each of the elements fold away into a compact structure. however when it unfolds , the vehicle transforms into a majestic and cosy home for justin , jola and their baby son piko.
former everton chairman sir philip carter has died aged 87. carter also served as president of the football league and a vice-president of the football association but it is as chairman of everton throughout the 1980s that he will be remembered. under his stewardship , the club won two league titles , an fa cup and the european cup winners ' cup , which is still the toffees ' only piece of continental silverware. former everton chairman and life president sir phillip carter passed away on thursday. carter also served as president of the football league and a vice-president of the football association.
a lost photograph showing a woman killed by the tornado that leveled an illinois village last week was found 35 miles away after being carried there by the storm. the image - showing geraldine schultz , 67 , was blown from the home where she died in fairdale , illinois , to the town of harvard , 35 miles away. lost and found : a 1980 photograph , left , showing geraldine schultz with her husband clem , was returned to the family after being found 35 miles away. mrs schultz , pictured right more recently , died aged 67 when a tornado struck her home in fairdale , illinois , last week.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- the racist and offensive emails that resulted in three ferguson , missouri , city employees either resigning or being fired have been released. the exchanges between the city 's top court clerk and two police officers were discovered during a u.s. justice department investigation of racial prejudice in the city 's police and judicial system. the emails -- which make offensive references to president barack obama , first lady michelle obama as well as muslims and minorities -- were obtained by the washington post on thursday after a public records request. police capt. rick henke and sgt. william mudd resigned early last month after the emails were discovered as part of the evidence in the justice department 's scathing ferguson report.
everything they say about the maldives is true. the sea is breathtakingly cerulean blue , the sand as soft as flour. the air is so clear it feels like there might be a fourth dimension. the view from the sea plane is like a turquoise lava lamp as lagoons meet the ocean with swirls and circles of staggering beauty. sand as soft as flour and cerulean sea : penny is hard pushed to find fault with her week in the maldives. look the other way and stepping stones lead through green foliage to a table and chairs while to one side is an outside shower surrounded by banana plants.
alec stewart has expressed his interest in becoming the new director of england cricket following the sacking on wednesday of managing director paul downton. stewart , who played in a record 133 tests for england and is currently director of cricket at surrey , has not yet been approached by the ecb. ' the early bookies ' favourite for the post is michael vaughan , the former england captain who is close to the incoming ecb chairman colin graves , and has also made clear his desire to help english cricket out of its current state of chaos. alec stewart stands at the kia oval ahead of a surrey team photo shoot on thursday.
blackpool striker nile ranger has accused the club of ` taking the mick ' out of him by giving him such a low-paid contract that it left him wondering how he would fill his fridge with food. the former newcastle forward has not featured for the seasiders since the end of november after making 14 appearances for the club in the first months of the season. ranger has been awol since returning to london after being left out of the squad to face birmingham in early december , and the controversial striker has spoken for the first time about his struggles at blackpool.
a new islamic fatwa in turkey has decreed that muslims are allowed to use toilet paper. the directorate of religious affairs for turkey stated that the use of the material for hygiene is acceptable but water was preferable. islamic teachings traditionally state that followers should use water to clean themselves after going to the toilet. a new islamic fatwa in turkey has decreed that muslims are allowed to use toilet paper. the set of rules for how muslims should relieve themselves , called the qadaa al-haajah , was established in the times before toilet paper or toilet seats were invented. the code also states that followers should not speak or read while on the toilet and should enter with their left foot and leave with their right , speaking a prayer.
a giant hammerhead shark swims in the shallows off destin , florida , chasing after its next meal while two oblivious swimmers bask in the crystal clear water just feet away. while the likelihood that serious injury would have been very unlikely should the shark have turned its attentions to them , the swimmers were n't willing to stick around to confirm it. two swimmers stand oblivious to a hammerhead shark as it hunts a fish in the shallows off florida. the swimmers were shouted at to get out of the water by a group of men standing on a penthouse balcony.
april 23 , 2015. on this page you will find today 's show transcript and a place for you to request to be on the cnn student news roll call. transcript. click here to access the transcript of today 's cnn student news program. please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published. cnn student news is created by a team of journalists who consider the common core state standards , national standards in different subject areas , and state standards when producing the show. you must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the cnn student news roll call ! thank you for using cnn student news !
as if the news that tiger woods will be back at the masters next week was not encouraging enough for american golf , the sight of a resurgent phil mickelson at the shell houston open provided added lustre. the gifted leftie followed his opening 66 with a 67 to sit one shot behind leader andrew putnam going into the third round. another to enjoy a good day was englishman justin rose , who provided further encouraging evidence he is now over his bleak march with a 68 that has left him just four shots off the pace and in contention going into the weekend.
a toronto tower crane operator took pictures of a raccoon that climbed almost 700 feet up a metal ladder before taking a high-altitude poop. rob macfarlane captured photos of the raccoon on his crane after it climbed about 213 meters up. rob macfarlane shared the picture of the brave raccoon , ` little mac ' , on social media on thursday morning. the little critter climbed almost 700 feet up macfarlane 's tower crane in toronto before being photographed. ' in the shot , mac can been see holding on to the ladder for dear life with its eyes staring wide.
it is not a match to decide the title , as has been the case in earlier seasons. but the manchester derby this sunday still holds great significance for both clubs , managers and , of course , supporters. city have won the last four contests between the sides , as well as the previous three at old trafford. a number of intriguing strands run through this coming clash and could be pulled apart on full time. can manuel pellegrini survive a derby loss ? the word is the chilean 's future will be decided come may when the dust on a creaking season has settled.
a california mother has opened up about the horrific experience of watching her once-vibrant daughter fade away and die from a little understood brain-eating amoeba. sybil meister firmly believes her daughter koral reef picked up the deadly and mysterious balamuthia mandrillaris infection during a family trip to lake havasu in may 2013. reef married her high school sweetheart that july and began to show worsening symptoms like headache , fatigue and stiff neck a couple of months later. by october 2014 , reef would be dead. tragic : koral reef , left , was a blushing bride in july 2013 as she wed her high school sweetheart.
jimmy anderson was given a silver cap by mike atherton to mark his 100th test. the list of fast bowling centurions is a short one and anderson finds himself in good company with courtney walsh -lrb- 132 -rrb- , glenn mcgrath -lrb- 124 -rrb- , chaminda vaas -lrb- 111 -rrb- , shaun pollock -lrb- 108 -rrb- , wasim akram -lrb- 104 -rrb- and makhaya ntini -lrb- 101 -rrb-. jimmy anderson was presented with a special silver cap after reaching 100 test matches for england. in a week when cricket lost one of its most revered voices , respectful tributes were paid before play began in antigua.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- ever had a headache so big , you felt like drilling a hole in your head to let the pain out ? in neolithic times trepanation -- or drilling a hole into the skull -- was thought to be a cure for everything from epilepsy to migraines. but while there is still conjecture about the real reasons behind the mysterious procedure , what is known is that the implement often used to carry out the primitive surgery was made from one of the sharpest substances found in nature -- obsidian. obsidian -- a type of volcanic glass -- can produce cutting edges many times finer than even the best steel scalpels.
an unidentified male concert-goer has come under fire for his offensive choice of festival fashion after he was photographed at coachella wearing a t-shirt emblazoned with the words ` eat sleep rape repeat '. the snapshot , which shows the man giving the peace sign as he flaunts his controversial shirt at the festival held in indio , california , sparked outrage after it was shared on twitter on sunday by jemayel khawaja , the managing editor of vice 's music and culture channel thump. ` this guy wins the award for worst fashion/lifestyle choices @coachella. tasteless choice : an unidentified concert goer has come under fire for wearing a t-shirt featuring the words ` eat sleep rape repeat ' -lrb- pictured -rrb- to coachella on sunday.
there are lots of things you could buy with # 120,000 -lrb- $ 177,000 -rrb- : several new cars , a significant chunk of a house - and now a limited edition apple watch. the extravagant device is made with 24 karat gold , rose gold or platinum and your choice of strap - including python skin. and one version of the extravagant watch is also adorned with a one carat diamond plus hundreds of other smaller diamonds in the strap. scroll down for video. the watches are the latest expensive gift from luxury electronics firm goldgenie and are part of their apple watch spectrum collection.
a cake-making prodigy is set to be the next mary berry as she prepares to publish her second cookbook. amy-beth ellice , 17 , from essex started baking at the age of three and landed her first book deal with her recipe collection amy 's baking year at just 14. her second , all about entertaining , is now firmly in the works but the teenager has her sights set even higher - with plans to launch her own baking products and even become a tv chef. amy-beth started baking at three-years-old and published her first cookbook , amy 's baking year , at age 13.
the funeral for tragic nsw teacher stephanie scott will be held next wednesday in her home town of canowindra , and the parish priest officiating at the ceremony is bracing himself for a hugely emotional occasion. reverend jonno williams is the parish priest of the anglican-uniting church at canowindra and will be conducting wednesday 's funeral service. i 'll be speaking with the family this afternoon to finalise the details , ' reverend williams told daily mail australia. stephanie scott went missing on easter sunday. her burned body was found last friday around five metres from a road in cocoparra national park.
the philadelphia office of transportation aims to get the city 's pedestrians off their phones by sending a man in bubble wrap out to spread their safety message to the people. the campaigners are seen talking to residents about the dangers of not looking up from one 's phone , including the fact that 37 people died from being hit by cars last year. while other safety programs are directed at keeping motorists from hitting and killing pedestrians , the city of brotherly love 's is focused on those walking around the city. scroll down for video. a character called the fashionista -lrb- center , in bubble wrap -rrb- said ` jaywalking is the new catwalking ' as part of a snarky reminder to pedestrians to be aware of their surroundings.
when the first ipad launched on 3 april 2010 , opinion was split on how popular the product would turn out to be , and whether the tablet market would grow. but amid falling sales and a new generation of alternative devices , some industry experts have predicted that the ipad 's days are numbered. scroll down for video. the first generation ipad was revealed by the late steve jobs in early 2010 -lrb- pictured -rrb- , but at the time it was met with ridicule as experts struggled to see how it would prove popular. when steve jobs revealed the original ipad in california in early 2010 , it was met with derision by many technology experts , who failed to see how such a product would prove popular.
it seems most people ca n't wait to shower babies with affection - pets included ! gemma the pit bull was filmed at home in california enthusiastically greeting a baby boy named elliot with kisses. footage shows her lovingly licking the infant as he attempts to fend her away with his hands. despite elliot 's best efforts , gemma keeps licking away. but the baby boy does n't seem to mind the affectionate slobbering and he 's heard merrily gurgling away. after more than ten seconds , gemma shows no signs of moving on. other videos show the animal is clearly used to being around children.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- imprisoned soldier chelsea manning can now communicate with the world -- in 140 characters or less. manning , who is serving a 35-year prison sentence for leaking thousands of classified documents , appears to have joined twitter this week. in a series of tweets , the prisoner formerly known as bradley manning said she will be using a voice phone to dictate her tweets to communications firm fitzgibbon media , which will post them on her behalf. she is not allowed internet access in prison , according to the guardian. manning was sentenced in 2013 , and in august of that year , she said she wanted to transition to a female.
ea sports have revealed the first gameplay details for their latest golf game ea sports rory mcilroy pga tour which is due out in july. mcilroy replaced tiger woods as the cover star for ea sports pga tour video games this year. the latest version of the long-running game series , due out on july 16 , features a number of new features , including various gameplay styles as well as enhanced ball physics. ea sports ' new game rory mcilroy pga tour is due out in the shops on july 16. a shot of the wolf creek golf club in las vegas which is featured in the new game.
abc released a fourth promo video on thursday on the eve of bruce jenner 's sitdown interview with diane sawyer airing in which he is expected to talk about his gender transition. bruce - the ex-husband of kardashian matriarch kris jenner - appears somewhat anxious as he tells the sawyer : ` it 's going to be an emotional rollercoaster , but somehow i 'm gon na get through it. ' scroll down for video ... nervous : bruce jenner is seen greeting diane sawyer at his home in the latest promo video released on thursday ahead of the airing of his sit-down interview in which he is expected to address gender transition.
democratic presidential candidate hillary clinton enjoyed some downtime with husband bill on saturday afternoon , taking a stroll near their chappaqua , new york , home. mrs clinton will hit the campaign trail again today in new hampshire , where she 'll hold a round table at a family-owned business this afternoon. she 'll participate in another tomorrow morning at a community college during her two-day swing through the granite state. scroll down for videos. exclusive : hilary clinton and husband bill go for a stroll while holding hands in a park in chappaqua , new york. the aspiring leader of the free world and her husband were spotted wearing blue ball caps - hillary 's bearing the clinton foundation logo - and matching dark blue polo shirts as they soaked in the sun.
at tokyo 's narita airport , the newly-opened terminal 3 sure has some quirky features. while of course passengers are entertained by the latest buzzworthy stunt , we have to wonder : were they really intended to encourage travellers to dash to their boarding gate ? tokyo 's narita airport has installed running tracks in its new terminal 3 in honour of the 2020 olympics. turns out that the cushioned tracks were actually designed to celebrate the 2020 olympics , which will be held in tokyo. the blue path leads passengers toward departures , while arrivals can be reached by following the red pathway.
soon after that , crawford was a two-time wbo champion , winning the latest title in his first fight since moving up in class. crawford won the vacant wbo junior welterweight title with a sixth-round technical knockout saturday night , knocking down dulorme three times in quick fashion after that big blow. terence crawford -lrb- right -rrb- defeated thomas dulmorme in the sixth round with a technical knock out. ' with dulorme stunned , crawford hit him again and knocked him down for the first time. then crawford delivered a flurry of punches , leading to another knockdown. when dulorme got back up , crawford unloaded again - and the fight was stopped as dulorme staggered against the ropes near his corner.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- a naturalized u.s. citizen pleaded not guilty in ohio friday to federal charges of providing material support to terrorists and lying to the fbi. abdirahman sheik mohamud , 23 , of columbus , allegedly traveled to syria for training and wanted to return home to kill americans -- particularly u.s. soldiers , execution style , the u.s. department of justice said thursday. mohamud was remanded into custody on friday. mohamud told someone that he wanted to target u.s. armed forces , police officers or other people in uniform , the indictment alleges , adding that `` mohamud 's plan was to attack a military facility , and his backup plan was to attack a prison.
transgender model andreja pejic has revealed that she was told by people within the fashion industry that she would no longer seem ` special ' or ` interesting ' once she completed her transition into a woman. the 23-year-old serbian-born fashion star , who appears in a solo editorial in the may issue of vogue , told the publication that she was advised not to undergo her gender reassignment surgery because it would transform her from an interesting enigma into just another pretty girl. there are loads of pretty girls out there. '' ' scroll down for video. fashion pioneer : transgender model andreja pejic posed for photographer patrick demarchelier for a spread in vogue.
clare balding has admitted she was on tv too much following her success presenting the london olympics. clare balding has admitted she was on tv too much following her success presenting the london olympics. the broadcaster , who recently hosted coverage of the boat race , has vowed to do less after presenting everything from the bbc 's rugby league coverage to crufts. ` in 2014 i did n't do a single panel show because they get repeated so much. from december 10 last year when i hosted sports personality until i did crufts on march 10 , i was not on television presenting anything.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- if newly revised nypd training materials are approved by a federal judge , new cadets could be taking courses reminding them `` not to engage in racial profiling. '' the proposed training materials , overseen by appointed federal monitor peter zimroth , were submitted to manhattan federal court judge analisa torres on monday for approval. they include directives to `` not tell or tolerate ethnic , racial or sexist jokes '' and to `` not imitate the speech patterns '' of others. `` do not engage in racial profiling , '' the training materials read. it violates fundamental democratic precepts and freedoms.
lewis hamilton dominated qualifying for the bahrain grand prix -- taking pole position under the lights at sakhir by four-tenths of a second from sebastian vettel of ferrari. hamilton 's mercedes team-mate nico rosberg , who took pole here in the previous two years , was third six-tenths of a second behind hamilton , a disappointment for the german on a track where he had hoped to rekindle his championship fight. he has got pole in every race this season and been impressively quick in each race. lewis hamilton waves after qualifying on pole position for the bahrain grand prix on saturday and is flanked by sebastian vettel -lrb- left -rrb- and team-mate nico rosberg who qualified second and third respectivley.
it 's been just a few days since andy murray tied the knot to his long term girlfriend kim sears. the 55-year-old tennis coach told closer magazine this week : ` i 'm really looking forward to being a granny. i 've always wanted to have grandchildren , but i had to be patient and let them get married first. ' scroll down for video. andy murray 's mother judy has revealed that she ca n't wait for her son to have children with his new wife kim sears. judy went on to reveal that she was n't sure when her 27-year-old son would have children but she knows that he wants them.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- the people of nepal are still trying to recover from two major earthquakes and a mudslide. we have vetted a list of organizations working in nepal that have created specific funds for relief efforts , including :. -- american jewish joint distribution committee. -- the american jewish world service. -- americares. -- catholic relief services. -- islamic relief usa. -- jewish federations of north america. -- mercycorps. -- operation usa. -- oxfam international. -- shelterbox. -- team rubicon. -- wateraid. -- the world food programme.
sri lanka , with its shimmering sandy beaches , enthralling wildlife and relics of ancient civilisations , is high on lists of places to visit in 2015. gareth huw davies enjoys the new stability on the teardrop-shaped island in the indian ocean , where the holiday industry is recovering , and expanding with a crop of smart new hotels , after the dual torment of a tsunami and a bitter civil war. the modern seema malaka temple , colombo , sri lanka. the temple floats on colombo 's beira lake. this is the spiritual home of serendipity -- lucky discoveries by accident -- as serendib is the island 's ancient name.
salford assistant coach ian watson is poised to come out of his playing retirement at the age of 38 to answer an sos from the red devils. watson , whose last game was as player-coach in the championship for swinton last june , has stepped up his training ahead of sunday 's home game against castleford after salford lost a fourth player to suspension and three more to injury. `` it 's a definite possibility that we might need to call on ian , '' head coach iestyn harris said. '' salford assistant coach ian watson is poised to come out of his playing retirement at the age of 38.
when ben stokes first turned up at the kensington oval this week someone would have said : ` mind that locker , stokesey. ' it was here , of course , that stokes broke his wrist punching a locker after being dismissed last year and that will be a reminder to him of the need to channel his aggression in the right way now he is back in the england team. ben stokes has forged a reputation as a fiery character in the england cricket team. stokes -lrb- left -rrb- clashed with marlon samuels during the second test between west indies and england.
a ukip candidate was forced to apology after he appeared to mock the victims of the mediterranean refugee crisis -- just days after hundreds drowned. peter endean , who is standing for nigel farage 's party in council elections , re-tweeted an image with a caption that said : ` labour 's new floating voters. around 1,300 people are believed to have drowned in the past two weeks while trying to reach europe in make-shift boats launched by people smugglers from libya -- with up to 950 perishing off the italian island of lampedusa over the weekend alone. peter endean has apologised for retweeting a message mocking victims of the mediterranean refugee crisis.
the animal is pictured vying for a large deer bone as he crosses a frozen lake in furen in japan. while the fox appears to have some success fending off a flock of crows , when a pair of eagles turn up he soon finds out he has taken on more than he can handle. scroll down for video. a bold red fox spots a deer bone on a frozen lake in japan and begins to fight both a flock of crows and an eagle for the tasty lunch. the fox proudly holds the bone tight in its jaws as an eagle descends to challenge the animals over possession of the lunch.
a down-on-their-luck couple from ohio struggling with chronic conditions that left them unable to make a living were found dead from self-inflicted carbon monoxide poisoning this week , less than two months after their desperate pleas for help went ignored. mrs speidel wrote that they had been living without gas all winter , had no running water and were close to having their electricity and internet service shut off. hopeless : randy and jodi speidel , from bellefontaine , ohio , took their own lives this week , more than two months after they created online fundraisers begging for financial help.
sporting america fell in love with him because of his skill under pressure and his sheer bravura. they tuned in to watch as perfect a demonstration of sporting endeavour as you will ever behold. politicians who try so hard to be popular could learn much from 21-year-old masters champion jordan spieth. the green jackets and dignitaries sitting behind him were enraptured as the winner gave an unscripted speech so gracious and natural you would think that public speaking was his calling rather than the royal and ancient game. jordan spieth wears his new green jacket after winning the masters at augusta on sunday.
jockey blake shinn rode his pants off in the opening race of a meeting in sydney. literally. atop miss royale as it tore down the home straight , the elastic in mr shinn 's pants gave way , exposing his backside to punters track-side. ' i was more worried about winning the race. ' i was more worried about winning the race. unfortunately for the champion jockey , he was n't able to win the race , but he proved once and for all he always has a crack .
don mclean -lrb- pictured -rrb- is responsible american pie , the lyrics of which have been puzzled over for decades. there has never been a popular song quite like it. for more than 40 years , its lyrics have been an enigma wrapped in an eight-and-a-half minute long rock 'n' roll puzzle. and this week its lyrics , hand-written in 1971 by a young folk singer called don mclean , were sold at auction in new york for more than $ 1 million. that 's a lot of money for 18 sheets of paper , albeit with a lost seventh verse.
david light , account director at the data partnership , revealed the underhand tactics used by his company to coax information from people. data bosses have been caught boasting to the mail of the underhand tactics they use to trick homeowners into giving away their secrets. and they said they could never be honest with people about the consequences of passing on personal information because then no one would answer their calls. ' various firms offered to sell personal information to the mail 's undercover team using data from lifestyle surveys completed by people who had been cold-called from overseas. they claimed that calling offshore meant they could disregard the official telephone preference service -lrb- tps -rrb- -- even though the information commissioner 's office said this was not true.
luke rockhold is ready to be the bull to lyoto machida 's matador when the middleweights collide in new jersey on saturday. the californian is bidding for his fourth consecutive victory since losing to vitor belfort two years ago and has a title shot in his sights. and he knows exactly what it will take to beat machida. lyoto machida -lrb- left -rrb- and luke rockhold face off ahead of their middleweight clash this weekend. i 'm a true mixed martial artist ; i have everything to my game. ` machida has got a very small avenue to win this fight on the feet.
detectives investigating the disappearance of three-year-old william tyrrell believe he may have been abducted by a paedophile ring when he disappeared from his grandmother 's house last september. detective superintendent mick willing , nsw homicide squad commander , said on friday : ` one of our lines of inquiry relates to people we expect to be involved in a paedophile ring. ' he said detectives from the homicide squad and the sex crime squad are ` vigorously perusing that line of inquiry and this investigation is moving at a very fast pace. the news comes as the parents of the missing toddler have begged for his return in a heart-wrenching video made seven months after he vanished from his home on the nsw mid-north coast.
the performance of jimmy anderson on the last morning of the second test was one of the greatest i have seen from an england cricketer. he did everything right as a bowler , catcher and fielder. england must be doing something right behind the scenes if one of their players can produce something like that almost out of nothing. england captain alastair cook celebrates as he scores the runs to defeat west indies in the second test. cook -lrb- left -rrb- dives to his left to take a catch at first slip and claim the wicket of chanderpaul. england must remember that , having won a crucial toss , they had the best conditions against the eighth-ranked side in the world.
eugenie bouchard has displayed here ruthless competitive streak again by refusing to shake hands with opponent alexandra dulgheru at a pre-match press conference. bouchard is playing in the fed cup world group play-off against romania this weekend and faces world no 66 dulgheru in her first contest. however during the draw ceremony in montreal , bouchard declined dulgheru 's offer of a sporting handshake in front of the assembled photographers. canadian star eugenie bouchard -lrb- left -rrb- lines up for a photo next to fed cup opponent alexandra dulgheru. the canadian star , who has suffered four defeats in her past six matches as the world no 7 struggles to regain form on the wta tour , has previous having refused to shake hands with slovak kristina kucova at a fed cup press conference last year.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- an alaska airlines flight was forced to make an emergency landing monday after its pilot reported hearing unusual banging. flight 448 , which had been bound for los angeles , returned to seattle. upon landing , a ramp agent was discovered inside the front cargo hold , according to a statement from the airline. the agent , who is an employee of alaska contractor menzies aviation , told authorities he had fallen asleep , the statement said. the cargo hold is pressurized and temperature controlled. the plane was also only in the air for 14 minutes , alaska airlines said.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- erica kinsman , a former florida state university student who has accused star football player jameis winston of rape , has filed a lawsuit against the heisman trophy-winning quarterback , her lawyer said thursday. kinsman has said winston raped her in december 2012. a prosecutor decided against bringing criminal charges in the case. in the lawsuit filed thursday , kinsman alleges sexual battery , false imprisonment and intentional infliction of emotional distress. winston has said the sex was consensual. cnn obtained the following statement from winston 's attorney david cornwell. `` ms. kinsman 's false accusations have already been exposed and rejected six times.
patrick bamford enhanced middlesbrough 's automatic promotion bid by equalling the club 's record goal return of the modern era. bamford , the on-loan chelsea forward , struck his 15th of the campaign , to match the tally of colombian hamilton ricard during the 1998-99 premier league season. his deflected 20th-minute effort was enough to earn victory over relegation-threatened wigan , who now have just six matches to avert the prospect of playing league one football just two years after shocking manchester city in the fa cup final at wembley. middlesbrough striker patrick bamford , on loan from chelsea , scores the opening goal via a deflection.
there are few things better than sipping a refreshing drink while admiring spectacular views of the sea and soaking up the sun at an island resort. holidaymakers with deep pockets can find that kind of privacy on a brazilian island which is tucked inside a picturesque bay and boasts chalets over the water , air-conditioned rooms to beat the sweltering heat , a heliport and a swimming pool carved into the rock -- all from # 2,500 -lrb- $ 3,750 -rrb- a night. scroll down for video. ilha de mana boasts a main residence and four chalets over crystal clear water , with air-conditioned rooms to beat the brazilian heat.
pete evans has been slammed by medical professionals for promoting fluoride-free water. health minister jillian skinner has slammed celebrity chef pete evans for promoting fluoride-free water , saying he is putting people 's health at risk with his extreme views on diet and lifestyle. it comes after concerned medical professionals described evans ' standpoint as misinformed and a potentially dangerous lifestyle choice after he revealed his family also steers clear of consuming australian tap water. ` here we are spending a lot of effort and energy in educating people about the value of fluoridation , about the fact that there are no risks associated with vaccination , or very low risks , and that there is no connection between vaccination and autism , and it is countered by a celebrity who knows nothing from a specialist point of view , ' she told the sunday telegraph.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- the united states and its negotiating partners reached a very strong framework agreement with iran in lausanne , switzerland , on thursday that limits iran 's nuclear program in such a way as to effectively block it from building a nuclear weapon. just last month , in an attempt to head off such an agreement , house speaker john boehner invited israeli prime minister benjamin netanyahu to preemptively blast it before congress , and 47 senators sent a letter to the iranian leadership warning them away from a deal. the debate that has already begun since the announcement of the new framework will likely result in more heat than light.
three men have today been arrested on suspicion of murdering missing chef claudia lawrence. three men arrested on suspicion of the murder of missing chef claudia lawrence have been released on bail. the trio were questioned over night by police investigating the chef 's disappearance. her father , peter , reported her missing after she failed to turn up to work in the canteen of the university of york for her 6am shift. detectives previously questioned a man in his 50s from york in march in connection with ms lawrence 's murder. he remains on police bail. a north yorkshire police spokesman said : ` although they have been released from custody , proceedings in this case - as they relate to them - remain active.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- she could stand on a strand of human hair , with room to spare. the microscopic polymer statue by south african sculptor jonty hurwitz , entitled trust , measured just 1/100th of a centimeter and had been called the `` smallest sculpture ever made. while she was being photographed through an electron microscope -- the only way to view the minute creation -- trust vanished , with only a smudged fingerprint left behind by her photographer as a clue. after an hour long search , hurwitz and the photographer gave in : `` it was horror. '' but was it , really ? hurwitz is an entrepreneur-turned-artist who has applied the same tech wizardry to sculpture that he put into coding a finance site valued at over $ 500 million.
he was banned from using london underground during rush hours after rubbing himself up against a woman in a busy carriage. a dry cleaner in his fifties has been banned from using the tube during rush hours after targeting a young woman and rubbing his crotch and pot belly on her bottom. mohammed tahir , 53 , of leytonstone , east london , got off his train at mile end and picked a target on the platform - a ` confident and articulate ' professional in her 20s , a court heard. tahir sidled up to the victim and pretended to accidentally slide his hand across her thigh as she stood with other passengers in the busy carriage on a hot summer 's day.
a warming climate may have enabled the earliest humans to venture into western europe 1.4 million years ago , a new study suggests. researchers believe that the spread of our distant human ancestors , the hominins , had been halted by colder and drier temperatures. spanish researchers say climate change impacted human migration. until 1.4 million years ago it was too cold to inhabit southeast spain. but then the climate warmed to 13 °c -lrb- 55 °f -rrb- and became more humid. this enabled hominins -lrb- stock image shown -rrb- - our distant ancestors - to move to new regions. published in the journal of human evolution , the paper suggests climate change affected the amount of resources available.
but new research suggests britain 's bees are happier near towns and cities. a study of wildlife sites across four english counties has found that most are home to fewer species of bee today than they were in the past. it found that the expansion of farmland has actually been more damaging to britain 's bee population than the concreting over of the countryside for housing. a reading university researcher has said that bees prefer cities to fields -lrb- honey bees in paris shown -rrb-. the expansion of farmland has actually been damaging to bee population , according to the researcher.
a mother-of-two who was abused by her own father throughout her childhood has spoken out after he was jailed for 22 years. he can never hurt another child again. ' brave : mandy greenwood has spoken out about the father who abused her as a child. mandy carried the terrible secret around with her for more than 20 years -- and it was only after she confided in her husband , dave , that she felt strong enough to seek help. she has waived her right to anonymity in the hope that other victims of abuse will come forward too. mandy 's abuse began at the age of seven , when her father , keith whitworth , now 61 , came into her bedroom and woke her up during the night.
the manchester derby is now one of the biggest match-ups in world football. millions across the globe cram around tv screens to catch a glimpse of the fixture , and its appeal gets ever greater with each passing season. but just how manchester is the clash between city and united ? sportsmail takes a look at everything local between the two giants. sergio aguero and manchester city travel to old trafford to face united on sunday afternoon. you will not find many united fans who pine for the days when martin edwards , son of a salford butcher , ruled the roost at old trafford.
martin ` mad dog ' allen returns with his latest column for sportsmail. the barnet manager talks about how important it is for the troops to follow order during this crucial stage of the season. the first seven who walked past my office door were called in for a cup of pg tips and a chat. one player did n't want a biscuit and simply passed the packet on. martin allen believes it is important for troops to follow order during this crucial stage of the season. i did n't tell them to eat it - i told them to take one and pass the pack on.
a woman 's life was saved after her doctor discovered she had stomach cancer during prep for gastric bypass surgery. rachel sandridge , 29 , from maryland , says she was shocked at the unexpected diagnosis but thankful to her diligent doctor. sandridge was due to undergo the surgery after her weight reached 430lbs. rachel sandridge , 29 , from maryland , was due to undergo the surgery after her weight reached 430 pounds. . but durring the prep her doctor discovered she had cancer. she had to lose weight to qualify for the surgery and then underwent a routine endoscopy , to examine her digestive tract to ensure it was all healthy.
david cameron has admitted boris johnson is aiming to be the next tory leader. david cameron has admitted boris johnson is locked in a behind-the-scenes battle with theresa may and george osborne to take over the tory leadership. the prime minister said the london mayor had ` suddenly realised ' after years of mischief making that his main political rivals were those lining themselves up to take over the top job. the admission exposes the battle quietly raging behind the scenes over who will take over from mr cameron. it comes just weeks after mr cameron revealed he would stand down as prime minister before 2020 if he wins re-election next month.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- a freshly fallen tree in the roadway was jason warnock 's first clue. warnock was driving through a canyon in lewiston , idaho , on wednesday when he saw the tree , then looked up to see an suv dangling over the edge of a cliff. the only thing holding the gmc yukon and its terrified driver from a 30-foot drop was a crumpled chain-link fence , still clinging to the earth above bryden canyon road. '' what warnock did next , captured in a dramatic photo by lewiston tribune photographer barry kough , made headlines around the world.
hannah and alex purchased a 1986 hino flatbed and undertook their year and a half labor of love. the result was a solar-powered two-bedroom , wood and steel home that now allows them to live almost self-sufficiently in nelson , new zealand. how a truck becomes a home : a new zealand couple built this country home on the bed of a flatbed truck. we did n't have money. after a year and a half of taking the project one step at a time , the project took shape. ingenuity : the couple started with a steel frame and slowly , project by project , built a home in about a year and a half.
liam phillips knows he must expand his repertoire to aid his bid for olympic glory. the 26-year-old from burnham-on-sea won the 2013 bmx world title and was the world cup series champion in 2014. phillips , who races in the manchester world cup event this weekend , plans to use 2015 to experiment with tactics in a bid to arrive at the start gate in rio full of confidence. liam phillips in action during the 2012 olympics , and the 26-year-old is hoping for glory in rio. ` the sport is continuing to improve and i need to continue to improve.
a heartbroken father told yesterday how his daughter had been given hard drugs by dealers targeting schools. in an emotional open letter , he told how the ` bright and beautiful ' gcse pupil started using a cocktail of banned substances including cocaine , ecstasy , methadone and ` party drug ' meow meow. the father -- identified only as john to protect his family 's privacy -- warned that class a drugs were widely available to children , and urged schools and police to get tough. a father has revealed that his teenage daughter became hooked on cocaine and ecstasy after buying the drugs in the school playground -lrb- file pic posed by a model -rrb-.
an explorer who plans to spend a year living inside a ball-shaped capsule on top of an iceberg is seeking funding for his daring project. the aim of the cabin fever-inducing stunt is to highlight how global warming will melt icebergs around the world and cause sea levels to rise. scroll down for video. italian alex bellini will live atop an iceberg in greenland starting next year. he will live inside a contained ball -lrb- artist 's illustration shown -rrb- , with no means to escape for 12 months. the capsule will be 10ft -lrb- three metres -rrb- wide and could fit 10 people - but mr bellini will remove all of the seats apart from one , for himself.
while it might be the nation 's largest grocer , walmart supercenter was ranked at the bottom of the barrel in a recent survey of america 's supermarkets. the retailer has consistently been one of the lowest-rated grocers since 2005 in consumer reports ' annual survey , and this year it was rated number 67 , the second worst supermarket. as it is the primary shopping destination for ten per cent of the 63,000 readers surveyed by the magazine , walmart is lacking in areas including service and quality of produce. walmart was ranked the second worst supermarket in consumer reports ' annual supermarket survey.
the fbi and nypd said on wednesday that a reward of up to $ 115,000 is being offered for information leading to an arrest and conviction in the march 2008 bombing at the times square military recruitment station. but police commissioner william bratton says people had walked past just moments before the device detonated in the early hours of march 6. officials said the explosion may be connected to earlier unsolved bombings at the british and mexican consulates. fbi footage showed the times square suspect placing the bomb and riding away on a bike. a bomb explodes outside the u.s. armed forces recruiting station in times square , new york on march 6 , 2008.
a labour candidate has denied launching a foul-mouthed attack on a political rival for pointing out he lives in a # 1.5 million home. michael foster was appearing at a public ` hustings ' in the camborne and redruth constituency when he objected to mention of his luxurious four-bedroom home by loveday jenkin who is standing for the cornish party mebyon kernow. if you pick on me again i will destroy you. ' labour candidate michael foster , pictured , said not many people in cornwall would be hit by the mansion tax. however , a rival candidate pointed out that mr foster lived in a # 1.5 million house , pictured , near falmouth.
an egyptian goose that lived for at least a week with an arrow piercing its neck as it evaded capture by animal control workers in southern california died after it was wrangled and taken to surgery. the goose at first appeared to make it successfully through the operation at a bird and wildlife clinic wednesday but then died a short time later , said katie ingram of orange county animal care. ` the vet did everything that they could do , ' ingram told los angeles television station knbc. we were all hoping for a happy ending for this little guy.
this was tricky for steve cotterill. where exactly would this club -- now on the brink of the championship -- be without their billionaire owner steve lansdown ? cotterill looked down at his feet , searching for the right answer. he is aware that they 'd be nowhere near a win away from league one promotion , potentially ending the season as champions and enjoying a spectacularly redeveloped ashton gate. steve cotteril has taken bristol city to the brink of a championship return after two seasons in league one. city have already won silverware this season in the shape of a johnstone 's paint trophy win last month.
imagine if raheem sterling had actually done something wrong. imagine if he had gone on strike. imagine , even , if he had asked for a transfer away from liverpool. he is in thrall , it is said , to a man portrayed as his iago of an agent. sterling 's ability has been questioned and his contribution to liverpool has been mocked. raheem sterling winces during liverpool 's 4-1 defeat at arsenal to complete a tough week for the 20-year-old. brendan rodgers takes a deep breath as he watches his side succumb to their worst defeat of the season. sterling is fouled by hector bellerin as liverpool earn a penalty which was converted by jordan henderson.
salvina formosa does weights and sit-to-stand exercises every week to improve her fitness. salvina formosa from south wentworthville , west of sydney , has been taking part in step classes to improve her fitness and strength to walk after tripping over on an uneven footpath. the 101-year-old widow , who was never keen on exercise in her youth , now does weights and sit-to-stand exercises several times a week at southern cross care in merrylands. ' the western sydney local health district 's community-based program stepping on is designed to improve strength and balance in elderly people who have had a fall or are fearful of falling.
after years of negotiations , stephen king 's hit novel series the dark tower is on its way to big and small screens near you. the revered writer , who penned shawshank redemption and the shining , slammed warner brothers in 2012 for dropping plans to make a movie trilogy and tv mini-series. finally : stephen king has announced sony will be putting his ` magnum opus ' the dark tower in cinemas. these are just two of the eight novels which king spent over 40 years writing. the movie and tv version is said to mainly stem from the first novel , the gunslinger -lrb- left -rrb- , focusing on the lead character roland.
former chelsea winger florent malouda has picked his #one2eleven stars he played alongside throughout his career on sky sports ' fantasy football club. malouda , who won the barclays premier league in 2010 and 2012 champions league with chelsea , chose players from chelsea , guingamp and the france national team. watch #one2eleven every friday evening on the fantasy football club , sky sports 1 or catch up on demand. goalkeeper : petr cech. cech is the man for the big occasions and the big games. the last one was the -lrb- champions league -rrb- final in munich. florent malouda picked chelsea goalkeeper petr cech to start in between the sticks for his fantasy xi.
the latest : lip plumping. by sucking on a jar. to look like kylie jenner. seriously. it even has a hashtag : #kyliejennerchallenge. but , we are , after all , in the business of providing you , dear reader , with information about the news , events and trends that surround you. so please read on to learn more about this and other `` beauty '' trends inspired by the kardashians :. used to be , youtube would teach the kiddos how to put on eyeliner or style their hair like a favorite star. the hashtag #kyliejennerchallenge has been trending on twitter in recent days , with posters showing off the often disturbing results of their efforts.
imagine a future where humans are skiing on the surface of a distant moon and living in floating cities on venus - while earth lies in ruin. that 's the future envisioned by an artist in a fantastic series of ` tourism ' posters , showcasing his dream for how we might one day explore the stars. scroll down for video. artist frank mckeever from florida created these amazing posters. they show how we could colonise various worlds in the solar system. included are humans skiing on a moon of uranus and living in cities on mars. others show life on europa and near saturn - and a destroyed earth -lrb- shown -rrb-.
a series of unpublished love letters from mexican artist frida kahlo to her lover jose bartoli are expected to fetch upwards of $ 120,000 when the passionate missives go up for auction later this. during her marriage to muralist diego rivera , frida penned the letters to jose , a catalan artist whom she met while she was recovering from surgery in new york. their steamy correspondence began shortly after she returned to mexico following the trip and continued throughout their secret three-year romance. ' i do n't know how to write love letters. scroll down for video. secret romance : mexican artist frida kahlo -lrb- pictured -rrb- wrote passionate love letters to jose bartoli from 1946 and 1949 while she was married to muralist diego rivera.
for 120 years it has been a great british institution , bringing world-class performances of classical music to the public. but now the bbc has been accused of dumbing down the proms -- by holding an ibiza-style dance party. this year 's proms will include a late-night concert hosted by dj pete tong , who will pay ` homage to ibiza and its infectious , energetic brand of club music '. veteran dance dj pete tong -lrb- left -rrb- will bring club classics to the royal albert hall for this year 's proms. it will take place on july 29 , coinciding with the 20th anniversary of radio 1 's broadcasts from ibiza , and will reinterpret ` club classics ' such as music sounds better with you by stardust and rhythm is rhythm 's strings of life.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- they come from more than 20 countries , drawn to libya as the funnel to europe. eritreans want to escape repression or military service ; somalis flee al-shabaab and clan warfare ; syrians have given up hope of returning home. motivations among the tens of thousands making the trek to the mediterranean coast are as many and varied as the nationalities involved , according to researchers and human rights groups. but in 2014 more than 80 % of them headed for the libyan coast as the easiest point of embarkation. from the horn of africa to the atlantic , from syria and gaza , these would-be migrants travel well-established smuggling routes.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- larry upright died just one day after hillary clinton announced she was running for president. and in his obituary , his family made just two requests : please donate to a children 's hospital , and please do n't vote for clinton. upright , a staunch republican , died monday at a north carolina hospital. `` in lieu of flowers , memorials may be sent to shriners hospital for children , '' his obituary reads. `` also , the family respectfully asks that you do not vote for hillary clinton in 2016. '' daughter jill mclain said it was natural to put that line in her father 's tribute.
reading manager steve clarke and his players will rally round goalkeeper adam federici to help him get over his wembley gaffe. the australian blew his side 's chances of beating arsenal in saturday 's fa cup semi-final by spilling alexis sanchez 's shot into his own net in extra-time. he just wanted to get inside and have his sad moment by himself. alexis sanchez 's low shot squirmed agonisingly through the legs of adam federici in extra time. the ball rolled through his legs and slowly towards the goal line in the 106th minute of the game. federici tries desperately to stop the ball going over the line after it rolled through his legs and out of his grasp.
as he prepared for a european champions cup quarter-final showdown with saracens on sunday in paris , racing metro 's no 10 and irish icon reflected on his healthy habit. ` i 've been very lucky to have been part of some great sides with leinster and ireland , and there have n't been too many years that have gone by that i have n't been part of a side winning trophies , ' he said. there were league titles in 2008 and 2013 , heineken cups in 2009 , 2011 and 2012 , a challenge cup in 2013 , plus the test peaks -- six nations titles this year and last , and a lions series triumph in australia in 2013.
a 12-year-old boy has succeeded where many in the media have tried and failed by fearlessly cutting president obama off mid-ramble during a q&a session on thursday. osman yaya , 12 , from bennett middle school in salisbury , maryland , moderated a town hall session with the president on thursday. during an answer about writer 's block , obama started getting a little long-winded and osman stepped in. obama grinned and replied , ` osman thinks i 've been talking too long. ` no. obama was at the anacostia library in washington for a ` virtual field trip ' with students to promote white house initiatives to make free e-books available to low-income students and to get cities to provide access to universal library cards.
it sat on a stark white block in a vast room that resembled a laboratory. i was at the sculpturecenter in the new york borough of queens , a spot dedicated to all things modern and avant garde. ` we 're running a competition to find new talent , ' explained the black-clad curator , brightly. ` maybe i 'll shave the cat next time i visit my parents , ' i thought to myself. ' cultural revolution : new york is in the throes of a cultural revolution - but moma is still brilliant. welcome , then , to nu york , a city that bears no resemblance to the version depicted in friends and gossip girl and instead centres around a throbbing contemporary arts scene largely based in brooklyn and queens - the latter the beneficiary of a recent gentrification programme.
news reporters and advertisers have long enjoyed coming up with ever more cunning hoaxes on april fools ' day and today is no exception. this april 1 has seen products and advertisers outdo themselves in their attempt to grab attention and hoodwink consumers , all in the name of fun. here we bring you the best and most unlikely stories from around the web - and our inboxes. scroll down for video. the self-tanning shower valve ` enables a radiant glow to be achieved at the touch of a button ' the tanning shower. you can now wash and tan at the same time thanks to a new shower valve from crosswater.
two firms exposed by the daily mail as selling private information are to be probed by the industry watchdog. b2c data sold our undercover reporters the financial data of 15,000 people -- including details about their pension pots , incomes and investments. the second firm -- data bubble -- supplied our team with health details on 3,000 patients -- such as whether they suffered from high blood pressure , arthritis or even bladder problems. the direct marketing commission said it would probe both companies over claims that they had breached the rules on the sale of private data. it confirmed it was ` formally investigating two companies following allegations in the daily mail that personal data was shared inappropriately and without the consent of users '.
former leeds captain trevor cherry has branded the six united players who withdrew at short notice from saturday 's match against charlton a ` disgrace ' and called for them to be sacked by the club. italian quartet mirco antenucci , giuseppe bellusci , dario del fabro and marco silvestri , frenchman souleymane doukara and albanian edgar cani all told beleaguered head coach neil redfearn they were injured and could not travel to london. according to the manager , silvestri had been rested since sustaining a knock but had been expected to recover , while antenucci and canu declared themselves unfit after training on thursday with the rest pulling out following a ` light ' session on friday.
` screaming in agony ' : ups driver tom ryan -lrb- pictured -rrb- lost a leg after getting crushed against his own truck by a car swerving to miss a jaywalker. a ups driver had one of his legs ripped off after being crushed against his own truck by a car which swerved to avoid a jaywalker. tom ryan , 40 , was struck by a toyota while making deliveries on staten island , leaving the hanging by a thread. witness moe sattar , a mechanic at the tyre store on hylan boulevard , said : ` tom was screaming. ' mr ryan , a married father-of-two , was taken to staten island university before being transferred by air ambulance to the trauma unit at belleview hospital , fdny sources told the new york post.
the world 's best golfers gathered on the eve of the masters on thursday to take on a nine-hole course , often with their wives , girlfriends or kids as caddies , as part of the par 3 contest. tiger woods showed up to the event at the augusta national golf club in augusta , georgia , with his two children , sam , 8 , and charlie , 6 , and his girlfriend lindsey vonn , who was dressed in a floor-length , spaghetti strap gown , accessorized with diamonds and louis vuitton. scroll down for video. woods is no doubt thrilled to have his family and loved ones there as a support , as he has dropped out of the top 100 ranking.
a book of songs used by the u.s. air force contains horrifying lyrics about rape , pedophilia and homosexuality. the unofficial 2012 paperback book was revealed by a plaintiff in a lawsuit filed by four sexual-assault victims who want to stop the practice of sexual assault allegations within the military being handled by commanding officers. sgt. jennifer smith , who said she was sexually assaulted by a fellow airman in iraq , brought forward the songbook and she had filed an administrative complaint over the book in 2012. a book of songs used by the u.s. air force contains horrifying lyrics about rape , pedophilia and homosexuality.
a florida mother has accused a school of threatening to suspend her five-year-old autistic son because of ` essential oils ' he wears to help combat his illness. jessica kemp from eustis says teachers at seminole county elementary warned they would remove kindergartner logan from class because the products , manufactured by doterra , smell and are a distraction to youngsters around him. scroll down for video. jessica kemp from eustis says teachers at seminole county elementary threaten to remove kindergartner logan from class because the oils smelled and were a distraction to youngsters around him. the 32-year-old puts the oil on his neck as she believes it keeps him calm and focused.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- a family trip to a nebraska zoo turned terrifying for one family after the gorilla they were looking at leaped toward the exhibit window , cracking it. kevin cave caught the incident on video that he posted on his reddit page. it has already been viewed more than 1 million times. cave said when his family first arrived at omaha 's henry doorly zoo gorilla exhibit , he noticed one of the gorillas had a cut below his eye that was `` bleeding a little bit. then the gorilla -- named kijoto -- charged toward the window and smacked into it , he said.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- it was n't until her 20s that fethiye cetin discovered her armenian ancestry. her grandmother , 90 years old at the time , told cetin that her real name was heranus. in a crowded reception before a memorial concert in istanbul this week , people rushed to greet fethiye cetin. a strong , soft-spoken woman now in her 60s , cetin is a prominent lawyer who represented armenian-turkish journalist hrant dink. dink was a strong proponent of reconciliation between turks and armenians who was tried for `` insulting turkishness. '' he was assassinated in 2007. the shocking discovery of her true heritage would change cetin 's life.
wladimir klitschko will match joe louis in boxing 's record books with his 27th heavyweight title fight on saturday and could set more marks since he has no plans to retire anytime soon. the 39-year-old ukrainian , speaking to reporters ahead of saturday 's fight against american bryant jennings at new york 's madison square garden , has dominated the heavyweight division for nearly a decade and shown no signs of slowing down. i do n't feel old , or bad , or slow , ' said klitschko , who has 17 successful defenses in a row since winning the crown for the second time in 2006.
was arrested and charged on thursday with lying to federal agents about his involvement with. islamic state militants fighting in syria , which has been documented on his facebook page. mohamad saeed kodaimati faced two counts of making false. statements involving international terrorism matters in us district court of the southern district of california. saeed , who was born in syria and became a naturalized american citizen in 2008 at age 17 , is accused of making false statements during interviews. with the fbi and other us authorities at the us embassy in. ankara , turkey , in march , the justice department said.
this gruesome video shows how a man popped a huge cyst in his arm with a needle , screwdriver and a pair of pliers. the man , known only as jason , from vancouver , uploaded the clip to youtube after his wife filmed the stomach-churning moment. ' the man , known only as jason , uploaded the video to youtube of his unique way of popping a cyst - using a needle , a pair of pliers and a screwdriver. as jason 's sister in law hammers the needle deeper into the cyst with the handle of a screwdriver , he emits loud cries of pain.
a telescopic tube that scans the lungs for cancer is being used by nhs doctors , cutting diagnosis time from days to just 30 minutes. when tumours in the lungs are suspected , patients can face a raft of tests and even surgery to find out if they have the disease , often resulting in an agonising wait before they start lifesaving treatment. now doctors at university college london hospitals nhs foundation trust -lrb- uclh -rrb- are able to start vital treatment much sooner using a single procedure. scroll down for video. a finger-width flexible tube called an endobronchial ultrasound -lrb- ebus -rrb- allows doctors to see inside the lungs and take a tissue sample in one go.
students , parents and staff at a melbourne high school are horrified after the discovery students have been drinking treated sewage water from a bubbler on campus for more than a year. in a letter sent to all parents during the school holidays , the principal of st peter 's college in cranbourne east , tim hogan admitted that ` class a ' recycled water had been inadvertently connected to an outdoor drinking fountain. the bubbler had been dispensing recycled water for 16 months -- from december 17 2013 until april 1 2015. unfortunately for students , ` class a ' recycled water is sewage that has been treated to a standard that 's safe for watering gardens , washing clothes and flushing toilets.
fbi director james comey has caused huge offense to a key u.s. ally by using language that suggested that poland was an accomplice in the holocaust. poles are waiting to see if comey would issue an apology -- something that had n't happened by late monday. polish foreign minister grzegorz schetyna said he expected him to say sorry so the matter can be settled. comey said last week , ` in their minds , the murderers and accomplices of germany , and poland , and hungary , and so many , many other places did n't do something evil. ' fbi director james comey , pictured at a news conference last month , has caused huge offense to a u.s. ally by using language to suggest that poles were accomplices in the holocaust.
children 's soft toys act as a reservoir for bacteria and bring germs into hospitals , scientists have warned. a team of researchers at vanderbilt university in tennessee explored how best to minimise the risk of infection after surgery. they note that despite hand washing and other protocols , surgical-site infections continue to pose a problem. children 's toys could act as a reservoir for bacteria and bring germs into hospitals , scientists at vanderbilt university in tennessee , have warned. firstly , that current infection prevention methods are not effective. and secondly that there are alternative sources of bacterial exposure to the surgical wound.
having struck his second shot 163 yards to within six feet of the pin , jordan spieth stood over his ball on the 18th green. he was n't going to three-putt from there , so whatever happened this would be the lowest 36-hole score in the history of the masters. spieth missed. he wheeled away , hopped a little , almost coltish in his frustration. he marched back to his ball , prepared to tap it in. and at that point , spieth checked. he marked his ball. he let henrik stenson play. spieth always does the sensible thing. jordan spieth walks off the 18th after carding a 66 to finish 36 holes at a 14-under 130.
the founder of bikram yoga , who has been accused of sexually assaulting multiple students , has said women love him so much he would n't need to rape them to get sex. speaking out for the first time since six women filed civil lawsuits accusing him of unwanted sexual advances , 69-year-old bikram choudhury strongly denied the accusations. ` the answer is i feel sorry for them ... they 're entranced by somebody - lawyers. ' choudhury , who pioneered the practice of working out in a room heated to 105f , has his name attached to 720 yoga schools in 220 countries.
a 65-year-old schoolteacher is set to become the oldest woman ever to give birth to quadruplets. her latest pregnancy was the result of artificial insemination using both donated sperm and eggs. scroll down for video. annegret raunigk , a primary school teacher from berlin , will create medical history when she becomes the oldest mother of four in a single birth in the world. ms raunigk , who is in the 21st week of her pregnancy , said she was ` shocked ' when an ultrasound scan showed she was carrying quadruplets. her gynaecologist initially mentioned the possibility of a ` selective reduction ' , where one or more fetuses is aborted in a multi-fetal pregnancy , but she declined.
these images show a bizarre ritual in eastern india where villagers , including children as young as 10 , roast themselves above an open fire in the hope it will bring them good luck. revellers in the remote village in jharkhand state tie themselves upside down onto a wooden pole that hand hangs just feet above a raging fire. seconds later they throw themselves into the flames. unusual : villagers , including children as young as 10 , roast themselves over the open fire in the hope it will bring them good luck. the annual fire festival lasts for 11 days and sees dozens of participants dangle over the flames while a hindu priest uses oil to stoke the blaze as he chants religious hymns.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- i 've been in disaster management long enough to know that there is really no one right way to mark the anniversary of a tragic event. as the boston marathon runners begin and , hopefully , finish their exhausting run monday , the lingering memories of the 2013 marathon blasts will be seen and felt in all sorts of ways. more public safety officials throughout the route , a finish line area that prohibits large bags , national guard members in full uniform giving some sense of security -- those are the most obvious , visible changes. in the midst of that weeklong tragedy -- the bombings , the manhunt , the lockdown and eventual capture or killing of the tsarnaev brothers -- we thought we knew what was going on.
cheltenham town have two games to preserve their football league status - and manager gary johnson has revealed one of the techniques he is using to try and bring the best out of his players. when johnson took over as manager of the league two club on march 30 , he wrote ' i promise to do all i can to keep cheltenham town in the league ' on an a3 sheet of paper and asked his players to put their signature on it. ` they all signed it , ' johnson said to the bbc. cheltenham town manager gary johnson got every payer to pledge to give his all when he took over.
delphi automotive has completed the longest automated drive in the us , travelling from san francisco to new york in the first coast-to-coast trip ever attempted by an automated vehicle. nearly 3,400 miles were covered with 99 percent of the drive in fully automated mode. scroll down for video. nearly 3,400 miles were covered with 90 percent of the drive in fully automated mode. along the way , the vehicle encountered complex driving situations such as traffic circles , construction zones , bridges , tunnels , aggressive drivers and a variety of weather conditions. the team collected nearly three terabytes of data -- about 30 percent of all of the printed material in the library of congress.
after one of the warmest aprils on record , there will be a dramatic change next week with temperatures set to fall by around ten degrees. the plunge means britain will go from being hotter than turkey and ibiza to colder than moscow , stockholm and finland in a matter of days. it also threatens to cause a wet and miserable time for the thousands of runners taking part in sunday 's london marathon. scroll down for video. red sky in the morning , shepherd 's warning : forecasters predict that temperatures are set to plunge by 10c. people were making the most of the sunshine outside exeter cathedral before the arctic airmass arrives.
tiger woods ended a week of speculation and debate over the state of his game by announcing on friday that he will play next week in the masters. the 39-year-old played an 18-hole practice round on tuesday at augusta national , and golf channel said he was seen on the practice range friday morning at the club. ' scroll down for video. woods announced on friday that he will be playing at the masters in augusta next week -lrb- above woods at the farmers insurance open at torrey pines on february 5 -rrb-. i 'm excited to get to augusta ' woods , a four-time masters champion , last competed at the farmers insurance open on february 5 at torrey pines when he walked off the course after 11 holes because of tightness in his lower back , and after another shockingly bad display of chipping.
the masters got underway at augusta national on thursday with rory mcilroy bidding to complete a career grand slam , while tiger woods is looking to rediscover his magic. but who are the wives and girlfriends that will be cheering the players on as they make their way round the famous course in georgia over the next four days ? here , sportsmail brings you the lowdown on a selection of the masters wags. rickie fowler has been dating bikini model alexis randock since last year and the 24-year-old caddied for him during the masters par three contest on wednesday. the american golfer was forced to defend the 24-year-old last week after she was accused of being a gold digger by an internet troll.
walters says that the former white house intern would be a ` run away success ' on the view , a network source tells daily mail online. scroll down for video. ever since their infamous interview in 1999 following the bill clinton scandal barbara walters has always believed monica got the short end of the stick in the court of public opinion and has tirelessly defended her on the show over the years. lewinsky recently participated in a 22-minute long ted talk that has made international headlines. during the speech , the 41-year-old former white house intern talked about ` the price of fame ' and redefined her story as the first victim of cyber-bullying.
they have become one of the most irritating accessories carried by tourists in recent years , but it appears the selfie stick has been a nuisance for three decades. hiroshi ueda , a photographer who worked as an engineer for camera company minolta , claims that he first invented the selfie stick in the 1980s. scroll down for video. hiroshi ueda , holding his extender stick for taking ` selfies ' which he patented in 1983 while working for minolta. after having his camera stolen by a child he asked to take their picture in the louvre museum in paris , he dreamed up a solution - an extendable stick with a tripod screw at the end.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- five years ago , rebecca francis posed for a photo while lying next to a dead giraffe. this week , she got threatened for her action. the trouble started monday , when comedian ricky gervais tweeted the photo with a question. a number of people insulted and threatened francis in response to the giraffe photo and others featuring her. on the website rebeccafrancis.com , there are photos of francis with other animals , including a lion , which other twitterers responded to. the death came about , she said , because she was asked by others on an african hunt to `` preserve '' him for the local people.
former manchester united midfielder eric cantona has refuted claims he starred in a soft porn film , insisting you and the night is a ` piece of art '. the french film has a number of racy scenes , and at one point sees cantona on his hands and knees in just his underwear. but the 48-year-old is adamant it is not pornography. speaking at the laureus sports awards in shanghai , cantona said : ` porn ? no , it 's not porn. eric cantona was speaking to the media at the shanghai grand theatre prior to the laureus sports awards.
you do n't need to go to the african savannahs or the amazonian rainforests to find wild life - newcastle on a friday will do perfectly well. but if it 's real wild life you 're after , then a british safari is extraordinarily rewarding. miracle mammals : you can spot dolphins at cardigan bay - the dolphin capital of britain. dolphins. this is the dolphin capital of britain. you can sometimes see them in the harbour while you eat an ice cream. but book a boat trip out into the bay and you 'll seldom be disappointed. the miracle of a dolphin-sighting hits us humans at a profound level.
police in argentina are hunting a family-of-six who crammed onto one motorbike before riding through the streets without helmets. they were spotted driving through the city of san miguel de tucuman in argentina 's north-western province of tucuman. people carrier : two adults and four children were pictured riding on the same motorbike in san miguel de tucuman , argentina. it comes just weeks after a similar pictured emerged of a family of seven riding on the same motorbike though the city of junin in argentina 's eastern province of buenos aires. describing the most recent case , passer-by etel ramirez nazario , 46 , said : ` it was shocking to see.
but according to a mother and daughter team behind this simple plastic device , it can achieve an angelina jolie-sized pout without resort to chemicals , needles or a hefty bill. the ` fullips ' device , a sort of suction-thimble , has already been seen at west end parties , and is going viral online. at a recent party in london 's bulgari hotel gaggles of models crowded around the bathroom sink mirrors together , not to powder their nose ... but to suction their lips into the sort of look which is all the rage. apparently , the device works by creating a mini-vacuum while you suck on the apparatus , and this draws blood to the surface of the lips , which swell.
video footage of a creepy doll has been wreaking havoc on a string of paranormal enthusiasts around the world -- reportedly causing one british woman to suffer a heart attack. some reported flashing visions of ` mental institutions and treatment bordering on abuse ' and overwhelming feelings of anxiety. scroll down for video. video footage of peggy -lrb- pictured -rrb- has been wreaking havoc on a string of paranormal enthusiasts around the world -- reportedly causing one british woman to suffer a heart attack. one woman , who wishes to remain anonymous , even suffered an alleged heart attack after watching a video of mrs harris and peggy in a car together on march 16.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- on the morning of april 19 , 1995 , a man parked a rental truck packed with explosives in front of the alfred p. murrah federal building in oklahoma city. at 9:02 a.m. , the explosives detonated , killing 168 people , including 19 children. timothy mcveigh and terry nichols , former u.s. army soldiers , were convicted of the attack. mcveigh was executed in 2001 , and nichols is serving a life sentence. twenty years later , domestic terror threats range from white supremacists to eco-terrorists to anti-government extremists and radical separatist groups , according to the fbi.
a zoo is facing criticism from animal rights activists after an asian elephant died - 25 years after he sustained a leg injury while in captivity there. rama the elephant , who completed paintings with his trunk , died monday , oregon zoo officials announced on facebook. ` rama had experienced a sharp decline in mobility in recent weeks , an issue stemming from a 25-year-old injury to his left front leg , ' the zoo said in the post. scroll down for videos. missed : rama the elephant was euthanized this week at the age of 31 by oregon zoo officials.
there wo n't be many who can guess which barclays premier league player picked up my first 10-out-of-10 performance of the season this weekend. eden hazard ? well , he was brilliant but no. mesut ozil ? haha , dream on. my favourite player , michael carrick ? no , not even him. step forward leicester city striker jamie vardy. but he added class and quality to that workrate at west brom on saturday and i could n't fault him. the perfect 10. leicester city striker jamie vardy celebrates scoring their late winner to keep their survival hopes alive. vardy was being criticised two years ago at leicester but now is a pivotal part of their team.
olympic champion alistair brownlee recovered from a fall to claim victory in his return to world triathlon series action in cape town. the 27-year-old , who missed the first three events of the season due to an ankle injury , sprinted away to beat rival javier gomez with frenchman vincent luis in third. brownlee led into transition at the end of the cycling stage but dropped off the leading group after being tripped due to contact with gomez. alistair brownlee won on his world triathlon series return in cape town after tripping during the run leg. brownlee told bbc sport : ' i knew i was n't that fit , i did n't have good legs to be honest , then javier tripped me up and i had to run back so the whole thing was tough.
a chilling new jihadi video has emerged on social media , showing a new militia of female jihadis firing machine guns and practising drills in syria. all of the women are fully veiled , making it hard to identify individuals but it is possible the group may be linked to islamic state. standing on their parade ground , the radical women are shown shouting jihad slogans and attempting to use their ak 47 rifles. scroll down for video :. the female jihadis are shown practising with their machine guns and learning how to march as a unit. the radical group of women boisterously shout religious slogans , praising islam and re-iterating their devotion to jihad.
this is the comical moment a delirious wisdom tooth patient refuses milkshake in fear that it could - in singer kelis ' words - ` bring all the boys to her yard '. faith myers , 14 , from nebraska , was filmed by her mother as she woke in bed still ` high ' from the procedure 's anesthesia. ` yeah , i do n't want them here , ' faith confirms with a look of fear on her face. the teen 's mood then takes a more sinister turn as she declares that she will ` bring out a shotgun ' if any boys come into her yard.
dutch and canadian scientists asked nearly 100 men and women to fill in a questionnaire every time they spent at least five minutes talking to someone else. well digested : scientists have found people felt happier and more relaxed while eating at home or at work. about a fifth of the 1,000 meetings recorded took place over a meal , the journal physiology and behavior reports. on these occasions participants felt happier and more relaxed , whether at home , at work or elsewhere. one possible explanation is that chewing raises levels of the ` feel-good ' brain chemical serotonin. food for thought : the study found that people can talk about tricky subjects far easier over a meal.
four burly swedish cops put their new york city vacation on hold to answer the call of duty on a manhattan subway train last night. the friends were on their way to see les misérables on broadway , dna info reports , and rushed in to stop a brutal assault on a crowded rush-hour 6 train. we 're no heroes , just tourists , ' makrus Åsberg , a 25-year-old officer with the police uppsala , sweden , told the new york post. ` we 're no heroes , just tourists ' : the swedish cops -lrb- pictured left to right -rrb- erik näslund , 26 , samuel kvarzell , 25 , makrus Åsberg , 25 , and eric jansberger , 28 , said they were just answering the call of duty.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- when hong kong police answered a call in the early hours of a saturday morning last november , they encountered a grisly scene and an alleged crime that shocked the city. one woman was lying on the floor with cuts to her neck and buttocks. a former banker , 29-year-old briton rurik jutting , was charged with two counts of murder. on thursday , a court hearing that was to determine whether there was enough evidence to proceed to trial was adjourned until may. here 's what we know so far about the victims and their alleged attacker.
sergio ramos was the first man carlo ancelotti embraced at the final whistle of real madrid 's dramatic champions league win over atletico madrid on wednesday. asked after the game when it was that he had decided to move the defender forward into midfield to cover the absence of luka modric , he replied : ` the minute after i found out modric was injured '. ramos is one of those players for whom the old liverpool song about jamie carragher ` we all dream of a team of carraghers ' would be appropriate. he could play in every single position on the pitch.
kim richards is speaking out for the first time since her shocking arrest last week following a drunken altercation at the beverly hills hotel. the former child star turned real housewife discusses her demons in an emotional interview with dr. phil set to air april 28 , her first for a national audience since the arrest. about her april 16 arrest , richards reveals , ' i was angry and frightened and i was scared. none of this would have happened if i did n't drink. ' richards - who has been to rehab three times - was charged with with public intoxication , trespassing , resisting arrest and battery on a police officer and arrested at the beverly hills hotel last week.
naturalists in paradise : wallace , bates and spruce in the amazon. -lrb- thames & hudson # 19.95 -rrb-. back in 1961 three young oxford graduates set off to explore the iriri river in a remote part of the amazon. one of them , richard mason , became the last englishman to be killed by an uncontacted tribe , when he was murdered with bows and arrows. the second , kit lambert , went on to manage the who. bird of paradise : a musician wren. more than 50 years on , that same fascination still shines out of every page of naturalists in paradise , the compelling story of an earlier trio of young british explorers.
kathmandu , nepal -lrb- cnn -rrb- we came on a commercial flight to kathmandu. blue tarps were visible from the sky for people to hide under -- signs that there was something wrong. there was an aftershock this afternoon , so they were checking the runway for damage. military and aid flights have priority , and a few military planes -- indian military planes -- were going in , trying to bring in aid. the residents of kathmandu sure do n't. you can see some structural damage to buildings. most buildings are not up to high construction standards. fallen : nepal 's historic landmarks.
sometimes , putting up a billboard just is n't quite enough - so a group of russian entrepreneurs have come up with a new way to get you message out : on the breasts of a beautiful woman. indeed , it has already caught the attention of one big company , which jumped at the chance to advertise its whoppers. cleavage : burger king has become one of the first big companies to take advantage of thi type of advertising. from the heart of russia : two companies now offer to write on a woman 's cleavage and take a snap.
mauricio pochettino might have given up hope of qualifying for the champions league , but harry kane wo n't hear any of it. the 21-year-old , who became the youngest premier league captain this season during the drab goalless draw against burnley on easter sunday , still retains belief they can gatecrash the top-four party. spurs are now seven points behind manchester city , who play crystal palace on monday night , with just seven games remaining. harry kane believes tottenham still have a chance of qualifying for the champions league this season. we start on saturday -lsb- at home against aston villa -rsb-.
mauricio pochettino says another campaign in the europa league will hamper tottenham 's hopes of breaking into the top-four. spurs ' chances of qualifying for next season 's champions league look over following poor results against burnley and aston villa. but the white hart lane club could yet secure another season in the europa league. mauricio pochettino believes europa league participation could hamper tottenham 's top four hopes. however , pochettino fears another year in the competition could have a detrimental impact on their hopes of entering europe 's elite club competition. ` the europa league is difficult. when you are a team like us , you play in the europa league and the premier league it is difficult to manage it.
the respected law professor from philadelphia now being investigated after allegedly emailing students a link to pornographic footage , was once a contestant on who wants to be a millionaire , it has emerged. lisa mcelroy , a 50-year-old drexel professor , appeared on the show in 2010 while it was still hosted my meredith vieira. and like her apparent march 31 email mishap , her game show appearance ended with a very public mistake. wishes she was a millionaire : drexel law profesor professor lisa mcelroy allegedly sent a link to a pornographic website to her students. in 2010 , she appeared on the tv game show who wants to be a milionaire.
a drug company has been accused of trying to block trials aimed at promoting a ` cheap , safe and effective ' treatment for sight loss on the nhs. it has ` bullied ' experts who have tried to prove that a cancer drug can be used to treat one of the most common forms of blindness , according to the bmj. drug company novartis has been accused of trying to block trials aimed at promoting a ` cheap , safe and effective ' treatment for sight loss which would save the nhs around # 102million a year. avastin is much cheaper and it is estimated that widespread use of the drug would save the nhs around # 102million a year.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- geography is , in part , destiny for italy : the country will always be a bridge between africa and europe , as the ongoing humanitarian crisis in the mediterranean so starkly shows. a surge of refugees this year , usually transported by smugglers on overcrowded vessels , has sought to reach europe via the libyan coast. a boatload of 900 migrants who embarked from libya are now feared dead in the latest sinking. over 10,000 were rescued off the coast of italy in the last week alone. european leaders are scrambling to deal with this emergency. many of the refugees involved in recent disasters come from some of italy 's former colonies in north and east africa , namely eritrea -lrb- occupied from 1890-1941 -rrb- and somalia -lrb- 1908-1941 -rrb-.
villagers from shandong province in eastern china have reportedly resorted to transporting natural gas in plastic bags. recent images show intrepid residents from lijin village in dongying city carry the explosive in bags as long as six metres on rickshaws , reported the people 's daily online. gas-guzzler : carrying natural gas in huge plastic bags is a common scene in some villages in shandong. this reckless behaviour has been reported on as early as may 2011 in zibo city in shandong. netizens and media suggest this is a way for the locals to save money on transportation. an earlier undercover investigation by anhui satellite tv station shows that villagers in zibo have little understanding of the dangers , claiming it to be safe.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- for 12 years adelma cifuentes felt worthless , frightened and alone , never knowing when her abusive husband would strike. what began as psychological torment , name-calling and humiliation turned into beatings so severe cifuentes feared for her life. one day , two men sent by her husband showed up at her house armed with a shotgun and orders to kill her. they probably would have succeeded , but after the first bullet was fired , cifuentes ' two sons dragged her inside. still , in her deeply conservative community , it took neighbors two hours to call for help and cifuentes lost her arm.
sarazen , hogan , player , nicklaus , woods , mcilroy. rory mcilroy could become just the sixth man to win the grand slam at augusta national on sunday , and while that represents the pinnacle of on-course achievement , he has designs on not just filling his trophy cabinet but becoming the true figurehead of his sport. that is the view of paul mcginley , europe 's ryder cup captain extraordinaire , who sums up the attitude in this neat way : mcilroy is no jose mourinho. winning at all costs and to hell with the consequences is just not his style , unlike chelsea 's ruthless manager.
i think i know the location of $ 20million worth of stolen art - i hope you have whatsapp. ' it 's a line that would n't sound out of place in a heist movie. but that was the anonymous call that helped art sleuth christopher marinello , 53 , track down nine paintings including works by chagall and rivera stolen from an la mansion. scroll down for video. art detective christopher marinello has tracked down # 250million worth of stolen art including this 1920 henri matisse painting le jardin. ` he sent me images of the paintings via whatsapp and we set up a sting operation with the lapd and recovered nine of paintings which were stolen in broad daylight six years ago.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- it was like a scene out of `` make way for ducklings '' on tuesday on a rainy street in washington. cnn situation room correspondent brian todd and photojournalist khalil abdallah were on their way to interview a legal analyst on l street nw when they happened on a brood of baby ducks causing a stir. abdallah reports the ducklings and their mom had crossed heavily trafficked street , and some restaurant patrons stopped on the sidewalk to corral them. '' `` one duckling tried to run back to the street but they caught it in time , '' abdallah said.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- the hillary clinton presidential campaign surely anticipated the coming wave of inquiries and criticism about conflicts of interest involving big foreign donors to charities run by the clinton family -- questions set to get a thorough airing in a new book called `` clinton cash : the untold story of how and why foreign governments and businesses helped make bill and hillary rich '' by peter schweizer , coming out may 5. according to the wall street journal , in 2014 the clinton foundation `` received money from the united arab emirates , saudi arabia and oman , among others.
libertarian icon rand paul has beefed up his campaign store ahead of his announcement this morning that he would compete for the republican nomination for president next year. but they 'll also have the opportunity to sport their support through macbook skins and woven blankets that feature paul 's face , ` stand with rand ' flip-flops and car mats and a host of other unique items like the ` nsa spy cam blocker. ' scroll down for video. libertarian icon rand paul has expanded his campaign store to include an array of unconventional swag , including the ` rand on a stick ' item feature above , as he kicks off his presidential campaign.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- in her 40 years living in rochelle , illinois , cathy olson had never seen a tornado that big. farther north , in the rural illinois hamlet of fairdale , one person died as a twister shredded homes and ripped trees bare of leaves and most limbs. but in nearby kirkland , debris was so thick on the roads , responders searching for trapped residents could not yet assess the damage or injuries , fire officials said. on thursday , a video surfaced on youtube of a massive twister barreling across an open field , barely missing farmhouses and barns.
the picture of a 101-year-old arizona woman cradling her new-born great-granddaughter spanned four generations of the same the family in one photograph and captured the hearts of millions. posted to facebook two weeks ago , the loving image of rosa camfield and baby kaylee became an online sensation before it was announced that rosa had sadly passed away on monday. speaking to daily mail online , rosa 's granddaughter , sarah hamm , 33 , detailed her grandmother 's life from tumultuous youth in the depression era , to a difficult divorce in the 1950s and all the way to her third marriage - to her childhood sweetheart - in her 80s.
with his infinite supply of supercars , private jets and beautiful women , billionaire businessman tony toutouni is threatening to become the new king of instagram. his outrageous posts , which have seen him amass 750,000 followers in eight months , are threatening to steal him the king of instagram crown from his friend and fellow super-rich playboy dan bilzerian. scroll down for video. the new king of instagram ? tony toutouni has amassed a huge following on the photo-sharing website thanks to his outrageous extravagance. surrounded by women : the billionaire businessman appears to spend much of his excessive life in the company of stunning women.
a tortoise has been reunited with his owner after spending nearly a year on the run and even finding a new home - at the age of 109. owner wendy stokes , 74 , had given up hope of ever seeing toby again after he escaped from her garden 11 months ago. reunited : wendy stokes , 74 , is delighted to have 109-year-old toby back after his escape 11 months ago. he wandered through a gate in her garden and headed for the open road where he was picked up by a passing driver concerned for his safety and taken to a nearby animal rescue centre.
an electric change of pace propelled odds-on favourite tryster to a three-quarter length success in the feature coral easter classic as his godolphin stable dominated # 1.1 million all weather finals day at lingfield. the four-year-old , ridden by william buick , beat complicit to complete a 22-1 treble for his trainer charlie appleby. he had earlier been successful with pretend -lrb- buick -rrb- in the unibet sprint championship stakes and four seasons -lrb- adam kirby -rrb- in the 32red three-year-old mile championship. jockey william buick predicted great things to come from the winter derby winner. buick predicted a big future back on turf for tryster , whose previous four wins during the aw season included the winter derby.
after drawing praise for india 's operation to rescue around 2,000 nationals by air and sea from war-hit yemen , minister of state for external affairs v.k singh , who is spearheading the rescue exercise , found himself in the thick of a controversy over an unsavoury remark made against the media. the former army chief is currently staying in djibouti for over a week spearheading operation rahat. '' gen. singh tweeted last night in response to a channel quoting him saying that he found the evacuation assignment less exciting than his recent visit to the pakistan high commission on the occasion of pakistan 's national day.
experts say snacking is an important way to control hunger ; and while we would like to think we reach for something healthy like carrot sticks , raisins or a handful of almonds , more often than not it 's salty crisps , sweet biscuits or cheap chocolate that we tend to munch on. but why exactly do we snack ? and if we knew what the triggers were , would we be able to stop ourselves from reaching for unhealthy foods ? scroll down for video. we 're all guilty of snacking , but there are some who do it more often than others.
fed up with facebook , or coming to realise , in the words of david cameron , ` too many tweets might make a t ** t ' ? it may be time to consider a short , sharp trip to the suburbs of beijing. formed in 2006 , the daxing internet addiction treatment centre -lrb- iatc -rrb- has so far welcomed 6,000 mostly young , mostly male patients -- and claims to have ` cured ' 75 per cent of them. scroll down for video. hooked up : with wires hanging from his head , a young boy undergoes electroencephalogram scans to measure brain activity.
if you 've managed to so far miss out on the addictive , award-winning netflix juggernaut which is house of cards , you 'll probably just remember robin wright as the actress who played jenny , tom hanks ' bohemian childhood sweetheart , in forest gump. they met in 1989 just year after he split with madonna , had their first child two years later , and spent the best part of two decades in perceived marital bliss. but by personal choice , robin 's acting career is one that dwindled rapidly after her golden globe nominated performance in the film which cemented the mega-star career of her co-star hanks.
john mayer , russell brand - there are certain types of men women know are bad bets but fall for anyway and even bright women like katy perry and jennifer aniston are n't immune. all of the behavioural traits below are danger signs , offering six crucial clues to spot the dysfunctional people most likely to break your heart. scroll down for video. tracey cox provides advice on whether he loves you or will break your heart. 1. how ` in touch ' with themselves are they ? are they aware of their character and personality faults ? do they know their strengths ? they do n't have to have spent the last decade on a therapist 's couch to have done some soul-searching.
timothy mcveigh considered the bombing of the oklahoma city federal building 20 years ago a failure because the structure was still standing after the blast that killed 168 people. mcveigh also viewed himself as a ` paul revere-type messenger ' and even suggested his defense team should receive $ 800,000 from the government , according an archive of documents donated by the convicted bomber 's lead attorney. the estimated one million pages of paper documents from stephen jones now fill 550 file cabinet-sized boxes at the briscoe center for american history at the university of texas. scroll down for video. timothy mcveigh -lrb- right -rrb- is escorted from the noble county courthouse in oklahoma by fbi agents in 1995.
snooker star ronnie o'sullivan has revealed what goes through his mind while he 's waiting for his opponent to finish at the table - and it 's usually whether he will make it to dinner or not. ` the rocket ' is widely regarded as one of the most naturally talented players in history , although he has openly questioned his commitment to the sport during a career that has brought him five world championship titles. ronnie o'sullivan relaxes with a cuppa while waitingfor his turn at the 2015 dafabet masters. the world no 2 admits that waiting makes his mind wander to whether he 's going to make his dinner or not.
when you 're a barbie girl in an instagram world , life in plastic is n't just fantastic - it also gets you more than 730,000 followers. since barbie 's style instagram account launched last august , swarms of fashion lovers have become fans of her ` official style feed ' , watching as the mattel icon models an impressive collection of barbie clothes that even includes pieces by top designers. pretty popular : barbie 's style-centric instagram account , @barbiestyle , is painstakingly planned - and now has three quarters of a million followers. wow-worthy wardrobe : barbie has ` thousands ' of pieces , most of which are one-of-a-kind and made especially for her instagram account by the brand 's director of design.
injuries : the exploding phone caused injuries so deep that doctors could see hanghang 's jawbone. a 12-year-old in central china was seriously injured when his phone exploded while it was charging. the boy , known only as hanghang , was using the old handset as an alarm when he woke up early for school and started to play with it. he said the phone felt hot and then blew up in his face , exposing part of his jawbone and embedding fragments in his arms and legs. ' hanghang , from pingdingshan city , in the henan province , told reporters at people 's daily online that when the explosion happened he did n't dare tell his parents and called the ambulance service himself following the accident last week.
barcelona star neymar feels his team 's champions league tie with paris saint-germain will prove a real footballing ` spectacle '. the brazil international is expecting more fireworks following barca 's win over barclays premier league champions manchester city in the last 16 of the competition. barcelona and psg meet on april 15 in the french capital , and neymar told samba foot : ` it will be a great game between two great teams with excellent players. barcelona star neymar feels his team 's champions league tie with psg will prove a real ` spectacle ' neymar pictured during training with barcelona on saturday as they prepare for celta vigo on sunday.
the premier league returns this weekend after the fourth interruption this season for international fixtures , leaving managers hoping their players have returned with a clean bill of health. premier league sides have already had to resume their season after international breaks in september , october and november 2014. premier league leaders chelsea have won all three of their matches following the international break. everton lead the post-international premier league table with three wins from three after the break. however six premier league clubs are still chasing their first win after an international break this season , so who has been the best at managing this transition ? sportsmail examines this through a modified premier league table that takes in only results immediately after international resumptions.
the school exam season is nearly upon us ; cue a nerve-jangling few months for parents and children alike. at best , students get jittery , at worst , their actual grade can be affected. a new survey by academics at lancashire 's edge hill university and the university of south australia has charted a direct link between anxiety and performance , saying pupils who worry about their exam performance are more likely to do badly than those who are less anxious. countdown to the exam season : a new study by lancashire 's edge hill university found a direct link between anxiety ahead of taking exams and grades achieved.
brighton holds the ultimate fantasy for fans of the lewis carroll classic , with not one but two alice in wonderland themed houses to stay in. the wonderland house in brighton sleeps up to 24 , with tea party sets , queen of heart themed bunk beds , or alternatively try the snug looking glass cottage with décor inspired by the fantasy story. scroll down for video. quirky design ! popular with guests is the french vintage bottle rack , which holds all of the cups. the chairs are shaped like teacups with plush cushions for comfort. jacqueline martin , 37 , said she sourced the wallpaper online by getting inspiration from sites like pinterest.
it 's not uncommon for parents to want their children to follow in their footsteps - even if it 's limited to just shared interests. especially these mothers and fathers , who have projected their geeky interests onto their slumbering newborns in a series of adorable photographs. art and photography community , boredpanda have created a thread encouraging parents to showcase their ` true nerdy colours ' by dressing their babies up as sci-fi characters , like princess leia from star wars. another baby is dressed up as widely-recognisable nintendo character mario , complete with tiny dungarees , the red flat cap and even a fake felt moustache.
the antigua test , of course , will be his 100th , and he needs only four wickets -- a morning 's and evening 's work with two new balls , perhaps ? -- to go past ian botham 's england record of 383. a few themes recurred : jimmy would n't say boo to a goose ; he surprised his new lancashire colleagues by bowling fast and shaping it away ; he was a natural. james anderson needs just three wickets to go level with sir ian botham as england 's top test wicket taker. anderson -lrb- back , second from left -rrb- ` would n't say boo to a goose ' says his old county captain warren hegg.
but that was the case for one bear while hunting salmon in the brooks river , which runs through the katmai national park , in southern alaska. however , the dozy creature was unable to take advantage of his good fortune , letting the juicy fish slip away , even after it hit him on the nose. scroll down for video. fish supper : a bear hunting salmon in alaska eyes up his dinner as a fish leaps straight at him while swimming up stream in order to reach its breeding grounds. staring at defeat : this salmon 's number appears to be up as it comes face to face with a hungry bear along the brooks river in the katmai national park , alaska.
the world 's last surviving male northern white rhino - stripped of his horn for his own safety - is now under 24-hour armed guard in a desperate final bid to save the species. sudan is guarded day and night by a group of rangers who risk their lives on a daily basis as they try to keep the rhino from poachers lured by the rising price of ivory. scroll down for video. guard : the rangers keep an armed watch around sudan at all times to deter poachers after his horn. hungry : feeding time in sudan 's enclosure - he spent most of his life in a czech zoo.
one diner found her meal had extra crunch this week when she found 50 pearls inside the baked oyster she was feasting on. toni elliot , 53 , thought she had hurt a tooth when she sat for dinner at puckett 's boat house in franklin , tennessee , on thursday. however , when she spat out the mouthful she was chewing she discovered a pearl in the palm of her hand. instead of being horrified by the bizarre discovery , elliot reportedly remained calm and even posed for photos with her treasure afterwards. scroll down for video. not what i ordered : toni elliot , 53 , -lrb- right -rrb- found her meal had extra crunch this week when she found 50 pearls inside the baked oyster she was feasting on at puckett 's boat house in franklin , tennessee.
the solution ? call in the dogs ! the appropriately named mark doggett has trained his two animals to sniff out the destructive fungus in old houses where it can hide in places a person would miss. mr doggett gave up a ten-year career in construction after hitting on the idea to set up a business using the animals ' sense of smell , which is said to be up to a million times better than that of humans. skilled : meg and jess , pictured with mark doggett , were trained for six months to sniff out dry rot. on the case : four-year-old border collie meg gets down to work sniffing out the destructive fungus.
lionel messi has confirmed he is to be a father again after posting a picture of his pregnant wife on social media. messi took to instagram to post a picture of his son , thiago , kissing his wife antonella roccuzzo 's stomach with the message : ` waiting for you baby. ' and according to argentine newspaper clarin the couple already know they are due to have a baby boy and have a name for him. lionel messi posted a picture on his instagram account of his wife having her stomach kissed by their son. the couple are reported to have settled on the name benjamin -- the same name his good friend and international team-mate sergio aguero picked for his son.
while being white , blonde and an attractive anglo-saxon should n't ensue judgement , according to ellie laing , sbs news reporter , it does come with a barrage of unfair perceptions. in an article by the australian written on monday , jim carroll , the news and current affairs director of sbs , was reported to be taking a more ` commercial ' approach to the network by hiring ` good-looking , female , anglo-celtic ' journalists. ` never mind the fact that i work damned hard ' : sbs reporter ellie laing has launched a scathing attack on an article in the australian that suggested she and other journalists were hired for being young , white and female.
two-time formula one world champion lewis hamilton has opened up about the meaning behind his tattoos during an interview with lifestyle magazine men 's health. the mercedes racer , who leads the drivers ' championship after two races of the 2015 season after finishing first and second , features on the front cover of the may edition of the popular health publication. lewis hamilton poses for the latest edition of men 's health magazine released on thursday april 2. hamilton looks to the skies as he shows off some of his tattoos as he explains the meaning behind them. the two-time formula one champion features on the front cover of the new issue.
the kevin pietersen camp have scored a comprehensive win in the pr battle with the england and wales cricket board without calling on any outside assistance. but agent adam wheatley , co-founder of the company with sir ian botham , insists that everything has been done in-house since the brief involvement of former sun editor david yelland during kp 's supposed reintegration into the england team in 2012. kevin pietersen scored 170 for surrey in the parks as he bids to earn a recall to the england squad. ' wheatley , once on the same grimsby town board as new ecb chairman colin graves , added : ` colin 's words about kp 's future england chances have been interpreted in different ways but we believe there 's a clean slate.
paypal said that the devices -lrb- stock image pictured -rrb- would be powered by stomach acid and include mini computers. paypal is developing a new generation of edible passwords which stay lodged in your stomach to let you log in. jonathan leblanc , the company 's top developer , said that the devices would be powered by stomach acid and include mini computers. mr leblanc , the global head of developer evangelism at paypal , said in a presentation called ` kill all passwords ' that he wants to ` put users in charge of their own security '. he said that passwords as they are now were not working and that users need to ` harden it with something physical behind it '.
just knowing that for half the year you can take a dip in the med after work , or sip rosé on the terrace of a seafront restaurant as the sun sets must be like living in a perpetual mr benn adventure , where you enter the fancy dress shop , trade your suit for a sundress , and walk through the magic door to a beach party. i 've been to a handful of ` beach at the end of the street ' cities in australia and the us , but the only one i know where you walk through cobbled lanes and past gothic palaces to get there is barcelona.
liam treadwell has been booked for the ride on michael scudamore-trained monbeg dude in saturday 's crabbie 's grand national. treadwell won the race on venetia williams-trained 100-1 shot mon mome in 2009. the ride on former welsh national winner monbeg dude was available because his two regular jockeys , tom scudamore and paul carberry have already got rides. liam treadwell - pictured after winning the grand national in 2009 - has been booked to ride monbeg dude. scudamore rides soll for his boss david pipe and carberry , who rode monbeg dude to be seventh in last year 's national , is on gordon elliott 's cause of causes.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- britain 's prince harry arrived monday in australia , where he 'll be spending four weeks with the country 's military. before reporting for duty , the 30-year-old prince visited the australian war memorial in canberra , the capital , paying his respects at the tomb of the unknown australian soldier. some snapped photos of the royal visitor , while one boy held a sign celebrating the prince 's hair color : `` red heads rule ! '' during his time down under , harry `` will work and live alongside colleagues in the australian army in a number of regiments in sydney , darwin and perth , '' the australian defence forces said last week.
scientists at a polish company that produce body armour systems are working to put a ` magic liquid ' that can harden on impact in their products. the liquid is called shear-thickening fluid -lrb- stf -rrb- , and instantly hardens upon impact at any temperature. in a ` liquid armour ' this provides protection from penetration by high-speed projectiles and additionally dispersing energy over a larger area. scroll down for video of the body armour in action. the liquid is called shear-thickening fluid -lrb- stf -rrb- , and does not conform to the model of newtonian liquids , such as water , in which the force required to move the fluid faster must increase exponentially , and its resistance to flow changes according to temperature.
inter owner erick thohir had warned both sets of players before the game that the ` eyes of the world ' would be fixed on the 214th derby della madonnina. while a rivalry like this one can capture the imagination of a city - and there is no doubting by the build up that milan had been hit by derby fever - it takes a concoction of quality , intensity and passion to hold the attention of the average neutral. a goalless first half had produced the odd burst of quality , but little intensity. former chelsea defender alex sees his attempt blocked by inter keeper samir handanovic , in one of the game 's few clear-cut chances.
ed sheeran surprised a fan in hospital for her birthday after she had to give up her tickets to his concert when she was diagnosed with cancer. the british singer , who is currently touring new zealand , took time out of his schedule over the weekend to help jess knight celebrate her 20th birthday in auckland hospital. an ecstatic ms knight said she ` could n't stop smiling ' following the memorable visit. so humble and down to earth , ' ms knight told daily mail australia. scroll down for video. ed sheeran , who is currently touring new zealand , took time out of his schedule over the weekend to help jess knight celebrate her 20th birthday in auckland hospital.
celebrity chef matt kemp 's anger management issues cost him his first marriage and his business. during an episode of sbs 's heat in the kitchen , kemp was so enraged he unleashed an expletive-ridden tirade on his then-wife lela radojkovic , who was carrying their first child , while filming at sydney 's restaurant balzac in 2004. scroll down for video. the extent of matt kemp 's rage is seen during an episode of sbs 's heat in the kitchen , which was broadcasted in 2004. kemp is pictured here with his fiancee , christie webber , who is marrying at the end of the year.
the man widely considered the leading referee in the world will be in charge of the richest fight of all time. kenny bayless has the honour of being the third man in the ring with floyd mayweather and manny pacquiao on may 2. referee kenny bayless -lrb- left -rrb- holds back floyd mayweather during his fight against marcos maidana. bayless breaks up the tension between mayweather -lrb- right -rrb- and maidana during their bout in september 2014. manny pacquiao conducts a training session after his morning jog in los angeles on tuesday. pacquiao is watched by a group of fans who gather to see their man in action ahead of the super-fight.
the family of a former civil servant have spoken of their fury after he left his # 1million estate to turkish carer nermin kancefer -lrb- above -rrb- , who he met just 14 months before he died. the family of a former civil servant have spoken of their fury after he left his # 1million estate to a turkish carer he met just 14 months before he died. dennis sears changed his will to leave everything to live-in home help nermin kancefer months after she moved in to his # 615,000 flat. his family claimed the carer exploited the ` vulnerable ' childless widower , who had parkinson 's disease and was in poor health.
famed for phenomenal cuisine , majestic rural landscapes and vibrant cities , vietnam offers an undisputed sensory overload. lee thompson 's seen plenty in his 14 years as an award-winning photojournalist covering the civil war in libya , the revolution in egypt , the tsunami in japan and other extensive travels before he co-founded the flash pack , a small group flashpacking tour company. the flash pack 's lee thompson captured this man with scores of live chickens in weaved baskets this month in sapa , vietnam. that 's one way to pop a wheelie ! a man pulls a packed trailer from a loading dock at the mekong river crossing in vietnam with a motorbike.
they take singing very seriously in the philippines. in 2007 , a 29-year-old karaoke performer was shot dead at a bar in san mateo for delivering an off-key rendition of my way. there followed a spate of copycat killings provoked by inadequate attempts at the song. manny pacquiao need not worry. he already has two platinum albums to his name back home. his jokes are n't always zingers , either , but that has n't stopped him having his own sitcom , show me da manny , plus a game show , manny many prizes on the gma network. manny pacquiao recorded his own song for when he takes to the ring for his fight with floyd mayweather.
tokyo -lrb- cnn -rrb- it 's a bird -- it 's a plane -- it 's an insanely fast japanese bullet train. a japan railway maglev train hit 603 kilometers per hour -lrb- 374 miles per hour -rrb- on an experimental track in yamanashi tuesday , setting a decisive new world record. a spokesperson said the train spent 10.8 seconds traveling above 600 kilometers per hour , during which it covered 1.8 kilometers -lrb- 1.1 miles -rrb-. takeo ookanda , who runs an exhibition center next to the test track , said witnesses erupted with excitement and applause when the new record was set.
these amazing images reveal a kaleidoscope of colours in icy caves underneath a glacier. the rainbow caves are given their various colours by light refracting through the ice - with the thicker the ice , the more emerald they appear. scroll down for video. the caves are found near the mutnovsky volcano , 45 miles -lrb- 72km -rrb- south of the regional capital of petropavlovsk-kamchatsky. the caves , found near the mutnovsky volcano , 45 miles -lrb- 72km -rrb- south of the regional capital of petropavlovsk-kamchatsky , were captured by local guide and photographer denis budkov. mr budkov , 35 , trekked inside the dangerous caves - which could collapse at any moment - to capture the colourful scenes.
authorities in montgomery county have released the 911 call that led to two ` free range ' getting picked up and held by police and maryland cps for five hours over the weekend. the unnamed caller gave the operator a blow-by-blow account as he wandered behind rafi meitiv , 10 , and his sister dvora , 6 , in silver spring on sunday. the caller , who was out walking his dog in the suburb adjacent to washington , dc , said he saw ` two kids that are unaccompanied , and they 've been walking around for probably about 20 minutes by themselves.
tikrit , iraq -lrb- cnn -rrb- isis is gone , but the fear remains. as iraqi forces , aided by shiite militiamen , took control wednesday of the northern city of tikrit , they found vehicles laden with explosives and buildings that might be booby-trapped. cnn senior international correspondent arwa damon , who was in tikrit on tuesday , saw a large mechanical digger packed with explosives that iraqi forces had to disarm. near former iraqi dictator saddam hussein 's presidential palaces compound -- tikrit is hussein 's birthplace -- the cnn team also saw a destroyed truck with a large machine gun mounted on the back.
` floral perfumes can take years off a woman ' two things in life give me instant gratification : perfume and wine gums. but while one rots my teeth and piles on the pounds , the other - no matter how bad my hair day - makes me feel beautiful. cleopatra was known for her love of perfume , liberally applying lotus and rose oil to her upper lip. ` we know she made her own perfumes and would certainly have worn it to increase her powers of seduction , ' says mandy aftel , perfume historian and author of fragrant : the secret life of scent.
cedar falls , iowa -lrb- cnn -rrb- as aides politely tried to rush ted cruz from an event in cedar falls to one in cedar rapids , iowa , on thursday , the presidential candidate continued shaking hands with anyone who wanted to meet him. it was one of the many moments when cruz connected with voters on a religious level last week , as the senator from texas hit the trail in iowa for the first time as a presidential candidate. being the only official contender in the race , cruz drew large crowds during his two-day swing across the state.
jonathan brownlee backed up his win in auckland a fortnight ago by taking the gold coast triathlon in the itu world series on saturday. the yorkshireman moved amongst the leaders on the swim , remained at the front during the cycle and then broke clear in the run , seeing off mario mola by 19 seconds with a winning time of 1:46:53. jonathan brownlee poses with his gold medal on the podium having won the gold coast itu race. ` after the start of the season i had an awful race , i said i did n't want to make mistakes again.
each week sportsmail gathers up the ratings from our team of reporters to provide the best barclays premier league starting xi of the day. eden hazard , mesut ozil and joey barton feature in this week 's list as they put in man-of-the-match performances that helped their teams win , but who else made the xi ? scroll down to find out. gk - tim howard -lrb- everton vs southampton -rrb- - 7. key to everton 's win. everton goalkeeper tim howard put in a man of the match performance against southampton. def - antonio valencia -lrb- manchester united vs aston villa -rrb- - 7.5.
ipswich boss mick mccarthy hailed the ` belligerent , stubborn and hard working ' qualities of his ` horrible bunch ' of players after a determined 1-1 draw at his former club wolves moved town closer to securing a place in the skybet championship play-offs. despite wolves bouncing back to take a point through benik afobe 's 31st goal of the season in the 50th minute after a richard stearman own goal had given ipswich a first-half lead , town 's play-off hopes are now in their own hands with two games remaining. mick mccarthy 's ipswich were denied three points as rivals wolves fought back to draw 1-1 on saturday.
kate winslet was a vision in blue at a london film premiere this week. her stunning body-con dress -lrb- top -rrb- had clearly been made to measure by stella mccartney. but my , what big feet -- and big leopard-print stilettos -- she has ! at 5 ft 7 in , the 39-year-old oscar-winner is certainly no towering amazon , but nonetheless she commands an out-of-the-ordinary uk size-nine shoe. but fascinatingly , just like kate , lots of stars from elle macpherson to gwyneth paltrow all have surprisingly huge feet , as we reveal here. bigfoot : kate winslet has revealed that her co-star leonardo dicaprio referred to her feet as ` my canoes ' jerry hall size : 8 -lrb- us 10 -rrb-.
mls side orlando city are the latest club to have expressed interest in manchester united misfit javier hernandez. the mexico international would be a huge commercial draw for the florida-based franchise who are coached by former everton and manchester city striker adrian heath. javier hernandez is linked with a move to orlando city after enduring a tough time on loan at real madrid. orlando have a big latin-american fanbase and kaka is the captain of the mls side. hernandez would be a popular arrival with orlando supporters but eight european sides are also interested. hernandez has cut a frustrated figure during his loan spell at real madrid this season but still has plenty of interest from other premier league and european sides.
hungry for power : snp leader nicola sturgeon. snp leader nicola sturgeon last night admitted she understands concerns of english voters about her party being involved in a coalition government. ' she also suggested that david cameron had been ` not unhelpful ' to the snp by gaining the party greater publicity. ` at every westminster election i 've fought until this one , the biggest challenge that we 've had to overcome is being heard and being relevant. ` the message it 's given to people in scotland is -- if this is the attention we get just from the snp riding high in the polls , imagine how loud our voice would be if that was translated into seats.
lightning , floods and a deluge of hailstones descended on st louis tuesday as powerful storms pummeled the mid-united states. roads around the missouri city were flooded in the intense downpour , with one town recording more than two inches of rain in half an hour. several crashes followed the atrocious driving weather , though no injuries were immediately reported. muds and floods : roads around st louis , missouri , were deluged with rainwater following fierce thunderstorms. downpour : the area was faced with a deluge of hail stones - an enormous pile of which are pictured here. the storms , accompanied by thunder and lightning , also hit further north , barreling into parts of indiana and knocking down trees and power lines.
when you apply for a job as a skyscraper window cleaner , a head for heights is essential. such was the fate of two window cleaners working at a skyscraper in shanghai recently , people 's daily online reported , with their ordeal filmed from inside the building by an onlooker. the incident occurred at the 91st floor of the 101-storey shanghai world financial centre , the city 's second-tallest building at 492 metres -lrb- 1,614 ft -rrb-. the one-minute video shows the platform swing violently in wind with the lujiazui financial district hundreds of metres below. the platform can be heard striking the windows of the building repeatedly , and at least two panes of glass cracked due to the force of the impact with shards falling on to the street below.
such is the global sporting fame of andy murray that guests attending the star 's wedding to kim sears this weekend might have wondered if they would be seated next to a famous face. novak djokovic perhaps ? or fellow scotsman alex ferguson ? the answer is a resounding ` not likely '. low-key : in spite of high profile friendships with the likes of james corden , andy murray and bride-to-be , kim sears -lrb- pictured here when murray received his obe in 2013 -rrb- have n't invited many big names to attend their wedding in dumblane this weekend. kim sears has perfected her pristine style over the years.
paula creamer has called for a masters tournament for women at augusta national. creamer , who won the 2010 women 's us open , first floated the idea on twitter following jordan spieth 's stunning victory at the masters on april 14 stating : ' i hope the masters will consider a women 's masters soon. fastest area of golf growth is women ! # 6majors ? ' in the lead up to this week 's swinging skirts lpga classic in northern california , creamer suggested a women 's event could be staged the week following the men 's showpiece in april.
by peter ackroyd. with this nutritious , compact and superb critical biography , ackroyd emphasises the importance of victorian and edwardian london in the imagination of alfred hitchcock -- the ` damp-looking dirty blackness ' of the east end ; the ` manifold ruffianism ' of the cockneys ; the pubs , street markets , theatres and music halls , with their ` variety acts , dioramas and italian operettas '. alfred hitchcock -lrb- pictured -rrb- was born in 1899 in leytonstone , east london. in addition to the gaudiness , the city was a place with dark staircases , gaslight , rain and spooky cobbled alleys : the ideal setting for murder.
malcolm brabant spent two years in and out of mental institutions after a yellow fever vaccine. when award-winning bbc foreign correspondent malcolm brabant walked into a clinic one afternoon to have a yellow fever vaccine , he was warned the possible side-effects could be dizzy spells and a headache. yet within 24 hours of having the jab , in april 2011 , malcolm had been reduced to a sweating , shivering wreck , gripped by a fever so strong it took two weeks and a spell in hospital before his temperature was brought down. a shooting star , glimpsed from the balcony of his home , convinced malcolm - who had no previous history of mental illness - that he was a modern-day messiah.
some of the oldest surviving photographs of the houses of parliament and windsor castle , dating back more than 150 years , have been found. the remarkable images were shot by photographer victor albert prout , who developed the negatives in an improvised dark room on board his punt which he sailed along the river thames. and despite being more than 150 years old , most of the images capturing the iconic landmarks along the river are instantly recognisable today. scroll down for video. prout 's collection is the oldest documented record of britain 's best known landmarks , such as windsor castle , seen from the banks today.
kevin carr is set to complete his epic 16,300 round-the-world trip tomorrow in devon after 19 months. a british barman is set to enter the record books after running 16,300 miles around the globe over 621 days while wearing out 16 pairs of shoes. kevin carr set off from haytor on dartmoor in july 2013 and every day since then he has completed on average one and a quarter marathons a day. and in the process , he will become the fastest man to ever run around the world. the 35-year-old from woolacombe in devon is currently in his home county and is due to complete his 16,300-mile epic journey on thursday.
aaron hernandez saw his pcp-taking friends kill odin lloyd but did not commit the murder himself , his defense claimed in the closing arguments of his trial on tuesday. ` did he make all the right decisions ? no , ' defense attorney james sultan said. ` he was a 23-year-old kid who witnessed ... a shocking killing committed by somebody he knew. ' after closing arguments from the defense and the prosecution , the jury began their deliberations on tuesday afternoon. if convicted , hernandez faces a maximum penalty of life in prison. the former new england patriots football player , 25 , has pleaded not guilty to murder and firearms charges in the death of lloyd , a semiprofessional football player who was dating his fiancée 's sister.
a hotelier claims to be living in fear after her windows were smashed and she received intimidating phone calls after appearing on channel 4 's ` four in a bed ' criticising other hotels in the area. jennifer mcgirr , 61 , said the abuse started when the windows to the tower view hotel , which she owns , were shattered after a man threw a brick at them in a ` premeditated ' attack. hotelier jennifer mcgirr claims to be living in fear after her windows were smashed and she received intimidating phone calls after appearing on channel 4 's ` four in a bed ' during the programme , ms mcgirr described other hotels in blackpool , lancashire , as ` grim ' , in response to another couple 's claims that there were cheaper places to stay in the area.
sorry : journalist sabrina rubin erdely -lrb- pictured -rrb- is expected to apologize for an article she wrote for rolling stone magazine about campus rape. the journalist who wrote rolling stone 's flawed account of a campus rape is set to apologize sunday night , when the columbia journalism school publishes a review of what went wrong with her reporting. in the story , titled ' a rape on campus ' , jackie claims to have been gang raped by seven men at campus fraternity phi kappa psi two years ago. but a recent investigation by the charlottesville police found no evidence to support her story - including the fact that the man who brought her to the fraternity the night of the alleged incident does n't seem to exist.
blamed initially on ` engine. failure ' , it emerged on tuesday that a government jet carrying. serbia 's president to italy last week was forced to turn back. ` thrown around the cabin ' when the plane - a 34-year-old. french-built falcon 50 - began tumbling through the air on. friday. the plane landed safely back in belgrade , but nikolic was. forced to cancel his official visit to meet pope francis in the. vatican , and his advisers put the incident down to yet another. malfunction on the ageing , incident-prone aircraft. advisers to president tomislav nikolic -lrb- left , pictured in february in belgrade -rrb- described being ` thrown around the cabin ' when a plane taking him to italy last week began tumbling through the sky.
sandra garratt was in constant agony after undergoing two operations before her death. a grandmother racked with constant pain jumped from the top of a multi-storey car park to end her suffering , her devastated husband has said. last month doctors told the housewife there was nothing more they could do ease her suffering and this was the ` final straw ' , according to her husband steve. on good friday , the mother of two left her home in rowley regis , west midlands , after telling her husband she was ` just popping out '. at 2.35 pm , police and ambulance crews were called to the cornbow shopping centre in halesowen , where they discovered mrs garratt 's body.
a woman suffers from a rare medical condition that leaves her unable to recognise her own face in the mirror. the mother-of-two suffers from prosopagnosia , also known as face blindness , which means she is able to recognise objects , but not faces. the condition is so severe that mrs whitear ca n't spot her own reflection or her children when picking them up from school. natalie whitear , 35 , can not recognise herself in the mirror as she suffers from prosopagnosia , also known as face blindness. although she was born with the condition , she was only formally diagnosed around three years ago.
venezuela captain juan arango has apologised to a rival player after biting him on the shoulder at the end of a tempestuous mexican league match. arango 's tijuana side were losing 4-3 to monterrey with just seconds left when he went up to midfielder jesus zavala and bit him. juan arango -lrb- left -rrb- bites the shoulder of opponent jesus zavela in a moment of madness. zavala holds his shoulder after being bitten by arango , in the game zavala 's side won 4-3. zavala shows the referee the mark on his shoulder after being bittern by arango. arango -lrb- right -rrb- earlier scored a magnificent free kick to bring his club tijuana team level against monterrey.
ap mccoy will jump his final fence this weekend when the legendary jockey bows out at sandown and to mark his retirement we 've got some brilliant stats and little-known facts as we preview hisbig farewell. we 've also got video footage of mccoy 's most memorable wins and everything else you need to know about the man who has been champion jockey every year he 's been a professional. ap mccoy won the grand national in 2010 on do n't push it. born : may 4 , 1974 in moneyglass , country antrim , northern ireland. height : 5ft 10.5 in.
palmerston remains a very painful place for rangers managers. consider this the first harsh lesson of stuart mccall 's tenure. back in the chill of mid-december , ally mccoist led the ibrox side here on the day it emerged he had handed in his notice of resignation. nine days later , mccoist was out on gardening leave. fast forward almost five months , and rangers arrived here in far more ebullient spirits with a new boardroom regime installed and three successive victories under mccall 's command. in dumfries , however , it felt more like a flashback to the bad old days of their campaign.
from teenage mothers and fathers to truck drivers and homeless addicts , brazil 's 24 hour drugs market crackland has become home to people from all walks of life. located in the slums of rio de janeiro , crack cocaine users visit the open-air bazaars to buy rocks of the drug and smoke it in plain sight , day or night. as the country 's drugs crisis reaches epidemic levels , its markets pull in anyone looking to get high. scroll down for video. patricia sebastiao , 22 who has a 2-year-old daughter and 1-year-old son , is pregnant with her third child who is due in the nexrt few months but returns to crackland where she poses for a photograph.
luis suarez will be at the parc des princes tonight , forming one part of football 's most famous three-man attack , looking to fire barcelona into the champions league semi-finals. usually when they reach this stage , barcelona do not make any mistakes. standing on the other side of the pitch will be someone who suarez knows inside out , a player who hails from his home city in uruguay and with whom he has shared a number of big nights when representing their country. edinson cavani prepares for paris saint-germain 's quarter-final clash with barcelona. psg train at camp-des-loges in saint-germain-en-laye , west of paris.
but the discovery of cremated bone , thought to be the earliest ever identified in britain , could re-write the history of mesolithic , or middle stone age burial practices. the deposit containing the bone was discovered during excavations ahead of a new pipeline in landford , essex and is thought to date to 5,600 bc. the discovery of cremated bone -lrb- pictured -rrb- , thought to be the earliest ever identified in britain , could re-write the history of mesolithic , or middle stone age burial practices. the burnt material , which includes approximately just over four ounces -lrb- 118g -rrb- of cremated bone , was uncovered by oxford archaeology.
nadine coyle and coleen rooney showed off their caring sides today as they joined forces with cancer research 's race for life. ahead of the summer runs , the ladies have also lent their faces to the ad campaign for the drive. scroll down for video. coleen rooney -lrb- left -rrb- and nadine coyle -lrb- right -rrb- have joined forces with cancer research for race for life. dressed in ethereal light pink gowns and feathered headdresses , the woman echo a hippy spirit as they look into the lens. fashion designer coleen , 28 , and singer nadine , 29 , are hoping the shots will encourage women from across the uk , regardless of their age , shape or fitness level , to join the female-only event.
for 71 per cent of voters say they are choosing politicians and have no need to know about their spouses or offspring , a comres survey for the daily mail and itv news reveals. only a quarter say it is important to know about leaders ' domestic lives. scroll down for video. voters do n't feel the need to know about politician 's wives , a poll has found. above : nick clegg and his wife miriam gonzalez durantez were seen in their # 1.5 million putney home in an itv interview broadcast last night. only 25 per cent of voters believe it is important to get to know party leaders ' families , the new comres poll shows.
for the first time this year , nasa 's mars reconnaissance orbiter has spotted its robotic companion on the surface of the red planet. the orbiting spacecraft captured a shot of curiosity near the base of mount sharp in gale crater. but interestingly , the rover 's tracks are not visible - possibly because they have been swept away by the martian weather. the hirise camera is able to take images of the surface with a resolution of 10 inches -lrb- 25cm -rrb- per pixel , allowing it to spot the rover on the surface. the rover is parked over dark sand in a valley with light-toned outcrops of rock.
tripoli , libya -lrb- cnn -rrb- it took one somali woman seven months and 4,000 miles to trek to libya. from there , she hoped to cross the mediterranean sea so her baby could be born in europe. she was arrested as she was sailing north and is now one of 350 migrants being held in a facility just outside tripoli. other pregnant women fleeing repression have come to libya -- many fleeing fighting that refuses to stop. they , like male migrants , are willing to risk their lives on crowded boats to make the final part of the trip.
gearing up for tonight 's ncaa championship game , a group of meerkats have been testing out their basketball skills. the critters were filmed at indiana 's indianapolis zoo after getting a makeshift backboard and hoop installed in their pen. footage shows them inquisitively inspecting the piece of sports apparatus and standing tall on their back legs. spectators were seen smiling as they watched the team of animals in action. the zoo put on a range of final four activities over the weekend for visitors including a basketball-theme scavenger hunt. march madness is set to come to a close tonight as the wisconsin badgers and duke blue devils go head-to-head at the lucas oil stadium in indianapolis.
police in texas are investigating claims of excessive force after an officer was caught on camera throwing an intoxicated woman to the ground of a parking lot during an arrest. the officer , ben johnson , who has been on the force four years , was answering reports of a drunk woman inside deluxe nails at a strip mall in red rock on tuesday. johnson claims the woman started resisting him , forcing him to pull a fast and forceful take-down , however video taken on his cash cam and by a person in a nearby shop appear to show a different story.
a mother who is accused of killing her children and then stuffing their bodies in a freezer was removed from court after confronting the father during a parental rights termination hearing. mitchelle blair , 35 , from michigan , is charged with with felony murder , premeditated murder and torture. court officers carrying out a march 24 eviction at the family 's apartment found the frozen corpses of 13-year-old stoni ann blair and 9-year-old stephen gage berry. blair used an expletive wednesday in juvenile court as visitation between her two living children and their fathers was discussed. scroll down for video.
an image of a woman breastfeeding her toddler while sitting on the toilet with her trousers around her ankles has caused a storm on the internet. originally posted on instagram and then shared on the facebook page of life of dad , which describes itself as ` the social network for dads ' , the picture has now been shared more than 25,000 times and has been liked on facebook more than 211,000 times. alabama-born mom-of-two elisha wilson beach , is pictured breastfeeding her daughter in the image. wilson beach is the wife of tv actor michael beach , known for his roles on sons of anarchy , third watch and er.
sportsmail will be providing you with all you need to know about every barclays premier league fixture , with team news , provisional squads , betting odds and opta stats. here is all the information you need for aston villa 's home clash with qpr ... aston villa vs queens park rangers -lrb- villa park -rrb-. aston villa. aston villa boss tim sherwood is definitely without a trio of key players for their key game with qpr. alan hutton limped off in saturday 's 3-1 defeat at manchester united with an ankle problem and has been ruled out of tuesday 's game along with scott sinclair and ashley westwood.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- bernie sanders , my vermont senator and , indeed , a friend of many years , is now running for president. '' to most americans , of course , sen. bernie sanders is only a name , if that. he is barely known to the general public , which makes him a very long shot indeed to win election to the highest office in the nation. those who follow politics a little more closely will possibly think of him as some left-wing kook that only the most liberal state in the union would ever dream of electing to the senate , as we did in 2006.
a terminally-ill landlord whose dying wish was to marry his partner of 26 years saw their special day descend into farce after a series of blunders. geoff haigh , 61 , from oldham , greater manchester , wanted to marry his long-term partner heather after being diagnosed with terminal pancreatic cancer and the pair settled on a venue close to their home. guests were forced to listen to the wedding song 10 times while it played over and over , and the couple were left with three marriage certificates after officials got crucial details wrong on the first two. geoff haigh , 61 , from oldham , greater manchester , wanted to marry his long-term partner heather , 54 , after being diagnosed with terminal pancreatic cancer but the couple 's special day -lrb- pictured -rrb- was full of blunders.
as the duke and duchess of cambridge will shortly discover for the second time , no situation trumps becoming a parent when it comes to extravagant emotion. now a group of parents , all of whom are based in the us , have created a video that lifts the lid on what the first months with a new baby are really like. scroll down for video. top tips : the video , which has been viewed 600,000 times , features new parents sharing their tips. ` we 've compiled the best parenting tips to know before having a baby to help you sift through the mounds of parenting advice you 're going to get , ' reads the accompanying description.
a middle school student is being kept home in fear of her life after anonymous instagram users threatened to stab her to death. the girl , who has not been named but attends school in san dimas , california , is the target of disturbing posts on the photo-sharing service. threats : the above pictures , which showed the girl 's unobscured face , were posted on instagram along with violent messages. since the threats began at the start of this week , the girl , who attends lone hill middle school in san dimas , has been kept home by her mother.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- at least two people were taken into custody as protesters upset over the death of freddie gray scuffled thursday evening with police on the streets of baltimore. tensions rose as demonstrators confronted police , several of whom shouted : `` back up ! '' the baltimore police department said the two were detained for disorderly conduct and destruction of property. there were no other arrests and the protests -- on the whole -- were peaceful. protesters rallied at city hall before marching to a police station. gray died sunday , one week after he was arrested by baltimore police.
talk about a chain reaction ! this is the moment a billiards player performs a complex trick shot by setting up a domino train to pot four balls. video footage shows a white ball being rolled down a positioned cue. it then bounces off one side of the red-clothed table and hits the first in a long line of dominoes. first a yellow , then a blue , then a red. finally , the last domino gently hits an orange ball , causing it to roll down another positioned cue lying on the table. the orb then knocks a green ball into the center pocket.
robbie knievel has been arrested for allegedly driving under the influence in butte , montana - the town his daredevil father evel knievel helped make famous. knievel , 52 , was speeding in an suv on tuesday evening when he rear-ended a honda , causing a chain-reaction crash involving two other vehicles , police said. after the crash , knievel drove off but his car was found nearby and he was seen walking about a block away , according to butte-silver bow undersheriff george skuletich. in court : robbie knievel , pictured in court on wednesday , was arrested for dui in montana after crashing into another car on tuesday evening and setting off a chain-reaction crash involving two other cars.
a battler has struck gold after scoring a massive $ 20 million lottery win which has left him with ` butterflies in his stomach. ' the winning punter , who comes from mittagong in southern new south wales , discovered his good fortune on tuesday evening. the man , who chose not to be named , said he and his wife had been ` struggling ' before the win and that they are over the moon with the result. scroll down for video. a man from mittagong has struck gold after scoring a massive $ 20 million lottery win -lrb- stock image -rrb-.
justin rose might just have made the most important pencil mark of his entire career to put himself in contention at augusta this weekend. the 2013 us open champion ended the day on seven under , sharing third place and is one of a handful of players hanging on to the coat tails of runaway leader jordan spieth. and that was where the magic pencil line came to his rescue. justin rose battled back from a nightmare start and is in contention at augusta. rose tees off at the 18th as he now sits joint third , seven shots behind runaway leader jordan spieth.
jerusalem -lrb- cnn -rrb- the flame of remembrance burns in jerusalem , and a song of memory haunts valerie braham as it never has before. her husband , philippe braham , was one of 17 people killed in january 's terror attacks in paris. he was in a kosher supermarket when a gunman stormed in , killing four people , all of them jewish. the terrorist , amedy coulibaly , recorded the attack on camera. philippe braham was laid to rest in jerusalem 's givat shaul cemetery after the attacks , not far from where the jewish agency held a memorial ceremony to mourn victims of terror.
a british woman told today of her horror at finding her two best friends shot dead on a sofa at a villa in spain. peter tarsey and his wife , jean , both 77 , were found covered in a green raincoat , each killed with a single bullet in a double murder of ` terrible cruelty '. the friend , ann , said she had gone to the house on sunday afternoon with another friend because she was concerned at not being able to reach the couple on the phone. what we found was like something out of your worst nightmare.
a bizarre performance from stan wawrinka saw grigor dimitrov breeze through 6-1 , 6-2 to his first masters quarter-final of the season. wawrinka is the defending champion in monte carlo and seldom has a title been relinquished so easily. rushing between points , wawrinka won the first of the match and then made four unforced errors in a row to surrender his serve. grigor dimitrov powers a forehand from the back court in his comfortable win over stan wawrinka. wawrinka , the monte carlo masters defending champion , appeared out of sorts in the 6-1 6-2 defeat. he did not appear to be injured but something was very clearly wrong ; four winners and 41 unforced errors can not be put down merely to a bad day at the office.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- #upordown ? that 's the trending question on social media , thanks to a photo of a cat coming down some stairs. or is it going up some stairs ? -lrb- and you thought you were done with this kind of optical illusion free-for-all after #thedress. the picture was apparently uploaded on imgur a few days ago and has caught fire thanks to a post on the website 9gag. com. some people are noting the apparent motion of the cat. taxes ? now , those are really confusing .
some breakfast cereals contain as many as three teaspoons of sugar , dentist dr sameer patel warns. a busy working week can take its toll on our lives , leaving little time to plan our meals. with so many products claiming to be ` healthy ' , it can be a real struggle to know what to pick from the shelves of your nearest high street shop. and lurking inside many seemingly ` healthy ' foods , are hidden ingredients that may be wreaking havoc with your teeth. now , dr sameer patel , clinical director at the elleven practice in london 's harley street , has highlighted the dentistry dangers of the ` desk diet '.
ahead of this weekend 's premier league action , sportsmail will be providing you with all you need to know about every fixture , with team news , provisional squads , betting odds and opta stats. here is all the information you need for crystal palace 's home clash with manchester city ... crystal palace vs manchester city -lrb- selhurst park -rrb-. crystal palace. crystal palace boss alan pardew has no fresh injury concerns ahead of his side 's clash against manchester city. however , marouane chamakh and fraizer campbell are still sidelined with a hamstring injury , while jordon mutch has a thigh complaint.
the records are tumbling and leicester 's belief is growing. their 2-0 victory over swansea made it three premier league wins in a row for the first time since 2000 , lifting nigel pearson 's side to 17th and ending their five-month spell at the bottom. all this after just two wins in their previous 24 games. most looking at the club reasoned relegation would be a matter of time. instead , queens park rangers , burnley , hull and sunderland are now shorter odds to go down with bookmakers. pearson has applied the same principles throughout the season , except now leicester are taking more chances.
coronation street star samia ghadie and boyfriend sylvain longchambon take a selfie in new york. i love flying from manchester if i can , not just because it 's nearer to my home but because it 's not so vast and sprawling as either gatwick or heathrow. you do n't get that at a travelodge ! we had a beautiful suite on the 31st floor , giving us panoramic views of central park. the jw marriott essex house as seen from central park , of which it boasts panoramic views. one of samia and sylvain 's first stops was to pay their respects to those lost on september 11 , 2001.
gary player will attend his 58th masters this week fully expecting to welcome a new member to the game 's most exclusive club and salute what he considers would be one of the sport 's finest accomplishments. the great man considers tiger woods completing the career grand slam at the age of just 24 as the best golfing feat he has seen. so you can imagine how excited he is at the prospect of rory mcilroy becoming just the sixth player to win all four majors at only 25. then jack nicklaus came along and did it at 26 and then tiger at 24.
pitted against a russian grandmaster in the tournament , 12-year-old chess prodigy jonah willow was an underdog even in the eyes of his most ardent supporters. ` the grandmaster felt he could do nothing more to force a win or to break his way through , ' said jonah 's proud father simon scott. scroll down for video. talented : jonah willow aged 12 , who drew a chess match with a russian grandmaster four times his age. ` but jonah did very well. ' jonah beat three other players in the nottingham chess congress to face cherniaev , who went on to win the title.
the senior islamic state commander linked to the anzac day terror plot has called for new terror attacks on australian soil in a flash new propaganda video. authorities named abu khaled al-cambodi - former melbourne man neil prakash - as a key figure in their investigation into a plot where teenagers were allegedly planning to attack police on saturday. now al-cambodi has starred in a 12-minute long propaganda video where , cradling a gun , he has ordered his ` beloved brothers ' to ` rise up ' and attack targets in australia. threatening message : abu khaled al-cambodi , an australian is militant , has starred in a vile new propaganda video.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- soon , america will be too fat to fight. forget about rampant diabetes , heart attacks and joint problems -- the scariest consequence arising out of our losing battle with the bulge is the safety of our country. in about five years , so many young americans will be grossly overweight that the military will be unable to recruit enough qualified soldiers. that alarming forecast comes from maj , gen. allen batschelet , who is in charge of u.s. army recruiting command. obesity , he told me , `` is becoming a national security issue. come on ! obesity ? a national security crisis ? the general did n't blink.
with 18 broken bones , a broken nose , a ruptured kidney , a ruptured liver , missing teeth , and a fractured rib , christy mack was unrecognisable as she fled her las vegas home on august 8 , 2014. it was the climax , the former porn star claims , of an abusive on-off relationship with mma fighter jonathan paul koppenhaver , known professionally as war machine. now , nine months later , she has to wear a wig and glasses , and is still undergoing reparative dental work - while fighting to see koppenhaver convicted of attempted murder.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- film critic richard corliss , whose populist passion for all genres of movies illuminated time magazine 's coverage of cinema for 35 years , died thursday night in new york city. corliss died a week after suffering a major stroke , according to a tribute on time 's website by colleague richard zoglin , who called him `` perhaps the magazine 's most quoted writer of all time. '' unlike some critics , corliss appreciated all kinds of movies -- from the arty drama of ingmar bergman to the epic fantasy of `` the lord of the rings.
as james bond , he is licensed to kill. but it takes a great deal of artistic licence for daniel craig 's character to survive his on-screen ordeals , medical experts say. for in real life 007 would have perished several times in his most recent movie , skyfall. craig is clearly a lot more vulnerable than his alter-ego -- he has just had knee surgery after hurting himself in a stunt for the next bond movie , spectre. only in the movies ... daniel craig in fighting form as bond despite a potentially fatal wound. but bond is not the only one to defy medical science.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- this week , hillary clinton surprised the world yet again -- not with the official launch of her campaign but for the unconventional way she did it. with her video , new logo and road trip , she opened a long communications campaign not only to `` rebrand '' herself but to completely reframe who she is , what she stands for and how she intends to run. ruth marcus -- a columnist for the washington post -- dismissed her launch video as a `` relentlessly , insultingly vapid '' effort of `` demographic box-checking. '' jon stewart lampooned it as a `` state farm commercial gone viral '' and also `` boring as s --.
on thursday night 's `` grey 's anatomy , '' dr. derek shepherd -- the hunky character played by patrick dempsey -- died. instead , he died following a car crash -- after helping victims of another accident. `` derek shepherd is and will always be an incredibly important character -- for meredith -lrb- grey -rrb- , for me and for the fans , '' show creator shonda rhimes said in a statement , according to the hollywood reporter. his loss will be felt by all. '' intriguingly , dempsey still has a year left on his contract. his character 's death leaves his tv wife , dr. meredith grey -lrb- ellen pompeo -rrb- , as the show 's mainstay as it concludes its 11th season in may.
jodi arias has reported to prison to begin serving her life sentence for murder , and she has a new mugshot. the image shows a stone-faced arias dressed in an orange prison uniform. she later said she flashed the grin because that 's what her victim would have done if he were in the same situation. she also figured the mugshot would be all over the internet , ` so why not ? ' arias was convicted of murder and sentenced to life in prison - with no change of parole - on monday. she plans to appeal the conviction. scroll down for video.
i had just landed in bhutan , where gross national happiness is considered far more important than gross domestic product and economic success.it certainly gave me food for thought. miles of prayer flags lined the runway and instead of a soulless modern airport , the terminal had whitewashed walls and carved casement windows painted with ornate motifs. the only billboard showed a glamorous young couple , the fifth king and his queen , looking as if they had stepped out of a bollywood movie. tiger 's nest monastery is the most sacred site in the buddhist country of bhutan and was built in the 8th century.
manhattan 's fifth avenue was a sea of bizarre hats today as people celebrating easter took to the streets in outlandish headgear. bunny ears , eggs and flowers were among the more conservative adornments festooning the heads of new yorkers as they milled around in a loose gaggle centered on st patrick 's cathedral. mad hatters : these parader-goers , pictured in front of st patrick 's cathedral on manhattan 's fifth avenue , were among the more conservative hat-wearers in the annual easter parade. classic : some churchgoers wore more somber and refined clothing to the mass service at the catholic cathedral.
the widow of a cyclist killed after hitting a pothole during a charity ride from land 's end to john o'groats has won a six-figure payout from the council who failed to mend the road. martyn uzzell , 51 , died instantly after he was thrown into path of a car by a four-inch deep pothole. just a month before the tragedy , the council sent workers to inspect the hole after police said it was a hazard. kate uzzell has received a six-figure payout after her husband martyn -lrb- both pictured -rrb- was killed during a charity cycle ride when he was thrown into the path of a four-inch deep pothole.
chelsea midfielder oscar hopes that winning the premier league title this season can kick-start a period of dominance in english football for the blues. jose mourinho 's side are 10 points clear of second-placed arsenal , who they play at the weekend , and brazil international oscar has aspirations of further success in the coming seasons. ` hopefully , yes. this squad is really young and we 've been playing together for a long time , ' he told goal. this is good for the players and for the club. oscar -lrb- right -rrb- hopes that chelsea winning the premier league can kick-start a period of dominance in england.
the mother of a young woman who suffers from lupus , an inflammatory disease which affects the immune system , has hit back at a stranger who left a cruel note on her daughter 's car claiming she had no right to park in a disabled space -- despite the fact that she has a handicap permit. corinna skorpenske , from pittsburgh , pennsylvania , took to facebook to publicly shame the anonymous note writer , while also defending her daughter harley jo , a student at ohio state university , and her condition. but because she is human i know she feels something.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- there is a special kind of hell reserved for the women who fall into the clutches of today 's jihadi fighters. we are all familiar with the brutality of isis , the self-anointed islamic state , or boko haram , the nigerian terrorists who have pledged allegiance to isis. this new wave of violent islamist groups proudly brandishes medieval methods of cruelty through modern technology as a tool of recruitment and intimidation. the jihadi chiefs have a strategy beyond the battlefield. killing the enemy , the men , is a tactic for winning battles and conquering territory. what they do to women has an altogether different purpose : it is part of the larger plan of building a `` caliphate , '' a sharia-ruled state complete with controls and norms harking back to the seventh century or , rather , to the group 's interpretation of life in the early days of islam.
a lobster restaurant in canada has issued a detailed and sincere apology after it was attacked by online commenters for a ban on ` small screaming children '. the message , posted last sunday night , was deleted by monday morning after a torrent of online abuse came from disgruntled parents. scroll down for video. lobster pound and moore in cape breton , nova scotia , kicked off a internet debate when it announced that it would no longer allow ` small screaming children ' into its dining room. the canadian seafood restaurant had said that it was ` an adult themed restaurant that caters to those who enjoy food and are out to enjoy themselves ' commenters began giving the restaurant 's facebook page one-star reviews and said that they would never again set foot in his restaurant.
so mourners at a taiwanese man 's memorial were shocked after they were treated to a sexy performance by two scantily-clad strippers - hired by the deceased 's own wife , the people 's daily online reported. dressed in little more than underwear and thigh-high boots , the exotic dancers showed off their moves in a scene more fitting to a strip club than a funeral home. scroll down for video. two hot dancers wearing just bras and miniskirts danced around the casket showing off their sexy moves to open mouthed mourners. bringing a whole new meaning to the phrase drop dead gorgeous the women gyrated around the coffin to maroon 5 's moves like jagger in front of the open-mouthed mourners.
people looking for low-maintenance animal companions have found their perfect match it seems. russian artist marina yamkovskaia , 39 , specializes in creating life-like bird dolls and says she ca n't keep up with orders. indeed , on her website all of the critters appear to have sold out except for one $ 399 fluffy owl named leo. a product description states that the 5.5 in bird was crafted from mink fur and his joints are ` movable. scroll down for video. bizarre trend : russian artist marina yamkovskaia , 39 , specializes in creating life-like bird dolls -lrb- above -rrb- and says she ca n't keep up with orders.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- call it a little piece of heaven for a family torn apart by tragedy. sharry was eight months pregnant. but then smith fell and hit his head. `` july 13th 2014 was the absolute worst day of my life , '' sharry posted on facebook. the father of my unborn child. `` they asked me if i would be willing to ` play around ' with capturing their first family photo by editing taos ' daddy in one of their pictures , '' kayli rene ' photography posted on facebook. the photographer was n't sure it would work , but they found just the right picture of smith -- one that has him looking over his family 's shoulder.
neuroscientists have identified the area of the brain that is the key to picking up on when someone is being sarcastic. they found that people with damage to the right sagittal stratum - a bundle of white matter that lies between the cerebral cortex and subcortical structures in the brain - are unable to detect sarcasm. stroke patients with damage in the sagittal stratum in the right hemisphere of the brain -lrb- shown in the image above -rrb- were far poorer at detecting sarcasm when listening to sentences , according to the new research. stroke survivors often suffer damage to this area of their brain and struggle to recognise when family and friends are being sarcastic.
a didgeridoo maker demonstrated the power of music when he played a tune and caused a herd of cows to stand to attention. italian musician andrea furlan was captured on camera by filmmaker friend irina niculescu standing in front of a river in stony stratford , milton keynes. he holds a ` butterfly landscape ' designed instrument to his mouth and plays a tune , while an unsuspecting herd of cows graze in the background. the professional didgeridoo maker plays a tune while unsuspecting cows graze in the background. other cows lift their head from the ground and look in the direction of the sound , while another on the left also begins walking towards the river.
in a blog post , wardy told how the mom , veronica of richland , washington , wanted to buy `` big hero 6 '' fabric to make pillows for her two children. the problem ? the fabric did n't include two of the heroes from the movie : the female characters , honey lemon and gogo. girl empowerment ads like goldieblox : do they work ? a licensing manager for springs creative responded that the company has found that boys do n't want girl characters on their things. `` i was frustrated and disgusted that a manager , and a female manager too , would laugh off my initial contact with the company.
danielle busby looked tired but ecstatic as she appeared on today for an interview just a week after giving birth. olivia marie , ava lane , hazel grace , parker kate and riley paige are all still in an incubator at houston 's woman 's hospital of texas. they 're so precious and they 're doing really , really well , ' danielle said as she beamed holding her husband adam 's hand. scroll down for video. ecstatic : danielle and adam busby said they are still in shock but delighted a week after the birth. ` it was an emotional downpour ' : danielle described holding the first of her five all-girl babies.
a young mother and her three children have been found murdered in their home. latasha gosling , 27 , of tisdale , saskatchewan , and her two daughters , janyaa , 4 , and jenika , 8 , and her son landen , 7 , were discovered early wednesday one day after they were reported missing. the suspect in the case was found just hours later dead , and while police would not say how he died they did say that it was not a homicide. latasha gosling , 27 , and her two daughters , janyaa , 4 , and jenika , 8 , and her son landen , 7 , -lrb- above -rrb- were discovered early wednesday.
the ex-partner of disgraced queensland politician billy gordon has opened up about the years of abuse she suffered , including three months where she and her children were essentially held hostage and forced to live in fear. the queensland government was plunged into crisis after when details of the cook mp 's criminal past emerged , leading the premier , annastacia palaszczuk to call for his resignation. after mr gordon 's dark past was revealed he resigned from the labor party but refused to resign from parliament. the ex-partner of queensland politician billy gordon has opened up about the years of abuse she suffered.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- jackson gordon is no ordinary 21-year-old. hanging in his workshop gordon has a full suit of armor plating , cape and cowl -- matte black and built to stop a knife. gordon has an alter ego : the dark knight himself , batman. you might expect his origin story to be cloaked in mystery , but speaking to cnn gordon is quick to explain how the transformation took place. gordon says his calling came five years ago when he began experimenting with cosplay. `` previously i 'd been involved with costume making ... i 'd made a version of the batsuit from christopher nolan 's ` dark knight trilogy ' and i really liked that suit , '' gordon says.
she might be well into her eighth decade but bette carrouze , 78 , from brighton , has no intention of hanging up her dancing shoes. instead , the single mother of two is partying away her final years on brighton 's gay scene and regularly emerges from clubs in the early hours of the morning. having fun : bette adores gay clubs and frequently leaves in the early hours of the morning. ` i 'm not your run of the mill pensioner even though i 've had my bus pass for 18 years , ' says mrs carrouze who usually hits the town with her friend terry.
the tiny home is sandwiched between two double fronted properties on a leafy street in islington , north london. despite being only a little wider than a rugby player 's shoulders , the estate agency blurb described the property as being ` well proportioned '. scroll down for video. the tiny home -lrb- circled -rrb- , sandwiched between two other properties , which has sold for # 750,000 , is located on a leafy street in islington , north london. inside , the narrow house is only 5ft wide in some areas , a little over the size of a rugby player 's shoulders and its maximum width is 8ft 8in.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- easter is unique on the christian calendar , a major point in the cycle of the religious year , and one that has always been able to resist the commercialization and culture warring that surrounds christmas. that 's in part because easter is genuinely about how religious impulses , and patterns , can operate in ways that affect our lives. nevertheless , i 'm often surprised by how little people , even those supposedly within the christian tradition , actually know about what is called holy week and its culmination on easter sunday. why do christians make so much of this springtime week , and make so much of easter weekend ? there is a phrase that many never come across , even among christians : easter triduum.
geoff whitington , 63 , from ashford , kent , was made so sick by obesity-related type 2 diabetes that he had been told he may need a leg amputated. despite the wobbly bottom lip and huffy , crossed arms , geoff happens to be a 63-year-old father of four grown-up children. the problem will be all too familiar to anyone who has broached the subject of healthier eating with a parent who might not have the most up-to-date ideas about diet. for years , geoff was ill , made so sick by obesity-related type 2 diabetes that he had been told he may need a leg amputated.
amid the frenetic chaos of a north east derby low on sustained quality came a goal as memorable as any scored in this fixture over the years. sunderland were the better team here. they were superior in terms of energy and creativity against a newcastle side rather inexcusably playing -- to use the term their manager hates -- with their ` flip-flops on ' once again. nothing dick advocaat 's home team did , however , was anywhere near as exquisite as the goal that won this contest for them. jermain defoe -lrb- centre -rrb- connects beautifully with a left-footed volley to fire sunderland into a 1-0 lead against newcastle united.
as the pictures surfaced of gwyneth paltrow on holiday with her estranged husband chris martin earlier today , jaws dropped at the actress 's super-toned figure. the star is well-known for her saintly approach to food and exercise and it continues to pay off - at 42 she has the figure of a woman half her age. gwyneth is n't alone in this new attitude to life past the age of forty - a whole host of women are looking better in their fifth decade than ever. scroll down for video. visit site. gwyneth paltrow shows her enviable beach bod in a marysia scallop edged black teeny bikini.
` i 'm pretty sure i did n't say `` hey , universe , make me handicapped. my strength and courage comes from what i do. another common complaint , particularly among wheelchair users , was people insisting they ` help ' , and not taking no for an answer. ' i have cerebral palsy , ' wrote one. ' a surprising number of disabled people have been accused of ` faking it ' to earn perks. a surprising number of users claimed to have been accused of ` faking ' their disabilities , or playing them up , particularity when it comes to disabled parking spots.
a senior aide to us senator kelly ayotte has resigned after he was arrested for allegedly soliciting a prostitute , the senator 's office said. david wihby , 61 , was arrested on friday in nashua on a misdemeanor charge for solicitation of prostitution and resigned on saturday , according to ayotte 's office. wihby has been the new hampshire republican 's state director for the last year and her number-two staffer behind the chief of staff. david wihby , 61 , was arrested on friday on a misdemeanor charge for solicitation of prostitution and stepped down from his government role on saturday.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- lady antebellum singer hillary scott 's tour bus caught fire on a texas freeway thursday morning , but everyone on board was safely evacuated. michael barnett captured dramatic video of the fire , on interstate 30 just northeast of dallas , and uploaded it to cnn ireport. smoke and flames poured from the rear of the bus as traffic slowed to a crawl and barnett slowly approached in his vehicle. as he drew closer to the bus , barnett decided to stop filming because he did n't know what to expect. '' barnett said he did n't realize at the time that the bus belonged to the country band.
he told in chilling detail how cattle cars full of jews were brought to the auschwitz death camp , the people stripped of their belongings and then most led directly into gas chambers. oskar groening is being tried on 300,000 counts of accessory to murder , related to a period between may and july 1944 when around 425,000 jews from hungary were brought to the auschwitz-birkenau complex in nazi-occupied poland and most immediately gassed to death. scroll down for videos. a former ss sergeant -lrb- pictured -rrb- described in chilling detail wednesday how cattle cars full of jews were brought to the auschwitz death camp , the people stripped of their belongings and then most led directly into gas chambers.
a tiny garden gnome that appeared on the cover of the beatles ' sgt pepper 's album and was signed by all four band member has sold for # 29,000. the cardboard gnome featured alongside a host of celebrities and historic figures including actress diana dors , singer bob dylan and actor marlon brando on the psychedelic cover of the ground-breaking 1967 album. the cardboard gnome featured alongside a host of celebrities and historic figures including actress diana dors , singer bob dylan and actor marlon brando on the psychedelic cover of the ground-breaking 1967 album. the knee-high little gnome , circled , appeared next to george harrison 's left leg on the famous album cover.
the time is around 9pm on a thursday and 7,000 people are chanting ` yes ! yes ! yes ! ' in a pitch-black car park in london 's docklands. we 've already signed waivers warning us that what we are about to take part in could result in ` physical or emotional injury , paralysis , death ... ' and we 've spent the past half-an-hour being told what we need to do to avoid hospitalisation. it glimmers grey and red in the darkness : lanes of burning hot coals , which we are to walk over. yes , actually walk over -- with our bare feet.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- the united states department of justice has named a new defendant in the war on drugs , and the charges are serious indeed. a 15-count indictment filed in federal court in california bristles with accusations of conspiracies , transporting prescription pharmaceuticals dispensed with illegal prescriptions , violations of the controlled substances act , misbranding charges , and money laundering charges. yes , the courier delivery service. wait , can companies even be charged with crimes ? where would a fedex be incarcerated ? is there a corporate shawshank prison ? how does one fit a company for a prison jumpsuit ? it turns out a corporation can indeed be prosecuted like a person.
women from around the world have been writing letters to convicted australian serial killer ivan milat since he was locked up in a maximum security prison twenty years ago , a new book reveals. the milat letters , is a compilation of 94 notes from milat to his eldest nephew alistair shipsey. milat is serving seven consecutive life sentences for the murders of seven backpackers in nsw between 1989 and 1992. ' scroll down for video. ivan milat butchered and buried the bodies of seven young people between 1989 and 1992 in the belanglo state forest in southern nsw. ivan milat , 70 , was convicted of butchering seven young people between 1989 and 1992 and burying their bodies in the belanglo state forest in southern nsw.
it 's good to be taylor swift -- and for 21-year-old elizabeth scarborough , it 's good to look like taylor swift , too , particularly as the university of south carolina student has been built a career on impersonating the superstar singer. of course , it 's not just her strikingly similar resemblance to 25-year-old taylor that 's helped elizabeth book private appearances and live concerts where she performs the shake it off singer 's greatest hits ; the charleston , south carolina , native can also sing , dance , and act just like her lookalike. scroll down for video.
-lrb- rolling stone -rrb- one summer a few years ago , frances bean cobain worked as an intern in the new york offices of rolling stone. `` yeah , '' frances says with a grin and mock-exasperation , `` looking at my dad every day. '' -lrb- preview the cover story and listen to a previously unheard cobain song here. that is one of many stories and revelations that come out over almost three hours late one afternoon in early march , as frances , now 22 and a visual artist , speaks publicly for the first time about her father ; life after his death ; her complex relationship with her mother , courtney love ; and the new film , written , directed and produced by brett morgen.
navigating route 1 from san fran 's iconic golden gate bridge to la , jane horrocks enjoys her road trip. based in the funky hotel zetta - where the foyer-come games room and bar is plastered with colossal photos of john lennon and past guests of alcatraz - we spent three days hurtling around the city , often clinging for dear life to the famous cable cars that haul you up and down the city 's hills. the brilliant audio guide that leads you around the prison is narrated only by men who were once guards or prisoners on the rock , making for an eerie and compelling tour.
a michigan family have been left devastated after a state department of natural resources officer shot dead their beloved pet potbelly pig , claiming little ` caesar ' made him feel threatened while on the loose. when caesar went missing from their home in ispheming on the weekend , the family tried to find him , and followed some tracks in the soft grass. killed : little caesar was shot dead at the weekend after wandering off from his family 's home in ispheming in northern michigan. he was killed by a dnr officer , who believed he was feral. beloved : brandy savelle -lrb- pictured -rrb- and tony gervasi have had caesar as a pet for about two years , and had been trying to teach him to stay outdoors when he wandered off.
an imam who was gunned down in the street in a murder that is thought to have links to terrorism had been replaced at his mosque by a caribbean preacher involved in an attempted coup d'état 25 years ago. abdul hadi arwani , 48 , was found slumped in a volkswagen passat on wednesday morning in wembley. he was said to have been embroiled in dispute with his former workplace , the an-noor mosque in acton , where he had been replaced by hassan anyabwile from trinidad and tobago. the name of mr anyabwile , 53 , appears in caribbean parliament documents surrounding a violent coup attempt in 1990 by muslim group jamaat al muslimeen.
scroll down for video. a big pitfall in dinner dates can be the awkward silence - the moment when both parties struggle to think of a topic of conversation -lrb- picture posed by models -rrb-. but a tumblr blog called conversation sparks has now come to the rescue with hundreds of interesting facts to kickstart a chat. the cartoons by illustrator ryan chapman have all been designed for when you find yourself in the middle of an awkward pause. they include : ` tall men marry earlier but short men stay married longer , ' and , ` more home pregnancy kits are sold in march than any other month.
on thursday night , the great and good of fashion and showbiz gathered to help one man celebrate the launch of his new shop. but this was no ordinary shop - this was burberry chief creative and chief executive officer christopher bailey 's new beverley hills flagship. over 700 guests , including superstars cara delevingne , suki waterhouse , mila kunis , elton john , rosie huntington-whiteley , anna wintour and the entire beckham brood , turned out to support their pal christopher at the london in los angeles event at griffith observatory. scroll down for video. the event also marks the launch of its new flagship store on rodeo drive that opened in november.
a company has copped a spray after making the ` tasteless decision ' to link its product to the tragic murder of school teacher stephanie scott. pest control company mortein posted a picture to the account of its mascot , louie the fly , along with ' #putyourdressout ' , which was a widely shared hashtag in support of ms scott. ' mortein has copped a spray after making the ` tasteless decision ' to link its product to the tragic murder of school teacher stephanie scott. ` there 's a time and a place for everything , and mortein had no place in posting an ad tying into stephanie scott , ' one user tweeted.
8,000 women in their 70s are diagnosed and treated for breast cancer. noreen spendlove was reassured when the results of her latest mammogram were normal. noreen , then 68 , had the scan as part of the nhs breast cancer screening programme , and as she says : ` as always , getting the all-clear was a big relief. ' but 18 months later , shortly before her 70th birthday , the mother-of-three from derbyshire developed intermittent pain in her left side , just below her breast. despite finding nothing abnormal , the gp referred noreen for a mammogram. this revealed three lumps on her left breast , which were all tumours.
alastair cook and jonathan trott are the sixth english pair to score more than 100 runs together on 10 occasions , and the england captain is part of three of them. 1. 2. 3. cook and pietersen -lrb- 2006-13 -rrb- -- 13. 4. 5. 6. jonathan trott -lrb- left -rrb- and alastair cook shake hands after reaching their 10th hundred partnership. remarkably , their opening-stand century was england 's first in test cricket for more than two years -- since march 2013 when cook and nick compton scored an impressive 231 against new zealand in dunedin. news comes from the indian premier league that new zealand all-rounder corey anderson is a doubt for next month 's series in england after breaking a finger.
alan davey controversially laid bare the difficulties of the station 's top job in an interview on radio 4 's feedback programme. the controller of bbc radio 3 has branded audiences ignorant and claims broadcasting classical music has become more challenging as a result. alan davey controversially laid bare the difficulties of the station 's top job in an interview on radio 4 's feedback programme. mr davey was asked about changes to general classical music knowledge over the last 30 years. ` they did not need to have the ins and outs of classical music explained to them. ` the modern audience might not be getting the same education in music in school as they might have done a few years ago -- not consistently so , anyway.
they like to play a bit of queen at bournemouth 's little home in the minutes before their matches start. they might be better served singing the grand old duke of york. only those 10,000 men on that hill could possibly relate to the absurdities of bournemouth 's afternoon engagement with sheffield wednesday. how delightfully fitting in this remarkable season of championship football that a team unbeaten in 10 before saturday 's kick-off would draw at home to a side with nothing to gain or lose. chris maguire converts an injury time penalty so salvage a draw for sheffield wednesday at dean court.
switzerland is the world 's happiest nation thanks to healthy gdp figures , strong social bonds and an increasing life expectancy , a new study of global wellbeing has revealed. the list is dominated by european nations , particularly those in scandinavia , and measures a country 's population by factors contributing to its citizens ' contentment , rather than wealth. britons are happier now than they were two years ago , the study found , but still ranks in at a relatively lowly 21st place. unsurprisingly the world 's least happy countries are places ravaged by war and extreme poverty - with syria , burundi and togo taking their place at the bottom of the 158-nation strong list.
horrific cctv footage has emerged of a husband smashing his dancer wife 's head into concrete paving 11 times then shooting her in the face five times. sickening video captured on security cameras shows crazed milton vieira severiano , 32 , dragging the limp body of dancer cicera alves de sena , 29 , into the garden of their apartment in the city of rio de janeiro in eastern brazil. horrific cctv footage has emerged of a husband smashing his dancer wife 's head into concrete paving 11 times then shooting her in the face five times. milton vieira severiano confessed that he battered and shot his wife because he was jealous of men looking at her.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- there will be no hate crime charges for two males arrested in the beating of a man that may have been sparked by a question about the 2014 shooting of michael brown. st. louis police have charged ronald williams , 21 , with assault. a 15-year-old has also been arrested , according to authorities. there had been speculation that the suspects might be charged with a hate crime because the victim was white and the people who attacked him were black. and because the punches were thrown following the michael brown reference. `` specifically , when put in context , it did not support the finding that the acts in this case met the elements of the hate crime statute in the state of missouri , specifically proving the motivating factor behind the individual that we have charged , ed postawko with the st. louis circuit attorney 's office told cnn affilaite kmov.
one of the biggest catalysts has been `` the meatrix , '' a 2003 animation parody based on `` the matrix '' and produced by the grace communications foundation , which crystallized the public health risks and environmental harms of factory farming. a decade ago , concepts like `` sustainable farming , '' `` animal welfare '' and `` organic food '' were considered fringe. while some consumers were beginning to take interest in where their meat and produce came from , public knowledge of sustainable food was limited. the standard gut-wrenching images of animal cruelty and sickly calves were ineffectual and mostly turned people off instead of urging them to make better food choices.
a cafe in the philippines is serving up artistic cups of coffee for customers who enjoy their beverages tailor made. the owner of the bunny baker cafe in manila etches customised caricatures into coffee froth at no extra cost to his clientele , even detailing local favourite , boxer manny pacquiao. zach yonzon uses steamed milk and froth as the canvas upon which he creates his masterpieces. the service started out as a simple novelty when the owner began etching rabbits , which coincide with the cafe 's theme , into cups of coffee. but the idea quickly expanded when customers started asking for more intricate and complicated designs.
all peachy skin and thick , glossy locks , she also looks trim and toned in skinny jeans. it 's difficult to believe that in the next few months , the actress -- remembered by many as the glacially beautiful half of itv 's 1980s detective duo dempsey and makepeace -- will be collecting her bus pass. from where i 'm sitting , she looks barely a day over 40. there is no ` pillow face ' here or unnaturally shaped eyebrows -lrb- a telltale sign -rrb-. then and now : tearing up the rulebook : glynis barber , pictured left in 1984 , and right , the actress today.
from awkwardly handing a beggar some change , to failing at eating a bacon sandwich , it is fair to say labour spin doctors have so far failed to make ed miliband look cool. from hollywood legends marlon brando and harrison ford , to astronaut neil armstrong and even tv 's latest heart-throb poldark , these images prove there is nothing that photoshop can not achieve. scroll down for video. ed , ed miliband : in an attempt to make the labour leader look cool , twitter users have begun editing his face on to the body of famous men , including daniel craig as james bond in movie casino royale.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- it was a masterful performance. i watched in awe on thursday as cardiothoracic surgeon and celebrity talk show host mehmet oz surfed a gargantuan wave of criticism to shore. i should have expected that dr. oz would keep standing in the face of charges from a group of colleagues that he pushed `` quack treatments ... for personal financial gain. but he 's increasingly serving himself at a cost to columbia university and new york presbyterian hospital. if dr. oz was ever going to go down , surely his ship would 've sunk last summer in the wake of his disastrous testimony before a senate subcommittee.
a five-year-old chinese girl who was left at home alone suffered broken bones and internal bleeding when she fell 150ft from a window. her mother , zheng jiayu , 31 , who left jiaojiao at home on her own , now can not afford the huge # 100,000 medical bill , according to people 's online daily. survivor : little jiaojiao pictured in hospital after falling from a 150ft from a window while her mother was out. jiaojiao -lrb- pictured here before the accident -rrb- only survived because rain canopies , laundry racks and wet grass broke her fall in zheng du city , central china.
jennifer is a huge fitness fan , and the mother of two has completed triathlons. this week : jennifer lopez 's arms. she 's famous for her killer curves , but jennifer lopez 's upper-body is as impeccably toned. a huge fitness fan , the mother of two has completed triathlons. she avoids sugar and salt and tries to get eight hours ' sleep a night. she claims ` sometimes when i get home and i 'm not feeling so great , i make myself go to the gym '. modified push-ups with your knees on the floor are n't just a cop-out for the real thing , they activate the entire upper body to get that j-lo tone.
we were told by mooresey -lsb- coach peter moores -rsb- that paul had been let go between sessions in the practice game against saint kitts. i think mooresey had only just found out himself. you see it when football clubs get taken over ; you tend to see different people brought in for key positions. paul was a lovely guy and i feel sorry he 's lost his job but when you get new people in , changes always happen. but strauss , michael vaughan and alec stewart are all former england captains who would all bring their own experience and knowledge to the role.
tuesday night against italy could be the most important england game michael carrick has ever played. when carrick came on , england started to play. having played in his position , and alongside him , it has been frustrating to see him unappreciated in this country. we have always had a major problem keeping the ball , but carrick keeps the game simple. roy hodgson 's team against italy looked like he had one eye on the future , but the only future england need to be focusing on is euro 2016. if that means going with a 34-year-old michael carrick in the heart of midfield , so be it.
tim cook may have described the apple watch as ` the most personal device we 've ever created ' but reports claim the gadget does n't tolerate some individual 's tattoos. owners of the coveted watch have found the timepiece 's sensors malfunction when worn on tattooed wrists. dark , vibrant ink seems to cause the watch 's heart rate monitor to lose connection and give inaccurate readings. scroll down for video. some owners of the apple watch have found that it malfunctions if worn on tattooed wrists -lrb- pictured -rrb-. the issue first came to light on reddit and twitter where a number of users reported similar issues , such as having to repeatedly enter a password to unlock the phone.
for a young man who has spent his career under the radar , the scene outside the riverside stadium on monday night was symbolic. james ward-prowse had just led england under 21s to a thrilling 3-2 victory over germany , scoring the winner after a remarkable 34-pass move. ' james ward-prowse is beginning to get noticed after starring displays for england u 21s and southampton. ward-prowse poses with the ball outside of southampton 's impressive marchwood training ground. he started at southampton trying not to be noticed -- he and alex oxlade-chamberlain used to travel on the same train from portsmouth to the academy hiding their club tracksuits -- and has been happy making progress away from the public gaze.
owned by amazon.com founder jeff bezos has finished work on a. rocket engine for a suborbital spaceship. called blue origin , the firm expects to begin. flight tests this year. the so-called new shepard spaceship is designed to fly three. people and/or a mix of passengers and payloads to altitudes. about 62 miles -lrb- 100 km -rrb- above earth. scroll down for video. the new shepard system will take astronauts to space on suborbital journeys , and the firm is also developing an orbital craft , shown here. origin 's west texas facility near van horn , texas , southeast of.
a 30-stone texan woman has used her eight-foot belly to entice men from around the world , including latest hubby , lance. gayla neufeld , 52 , struggled to deal with her family 's unusual legacy of piling weight around the midriff for years. but the happy couple , who live in manitoba , canada , are now using gayla 's 96-inch asset to launch her new career - as an international webcam model. scroll down for video. 30 stone gayla neufeld met her truck driver husband lance on a fat-fetish forum. i have had doctors , lawyers and even bodybuilders , lots of bodybuilders , approach me , which really amazed me.
a northern territory mother was lost for words after she spotted a phallic cloud on a work break last week. labourer noeleen foster was thrilled to capture the suggestively shaped formation above zuccoli -25 km southeast from darwin - on friday morning. a phallic shaped cloud which appeared last week in zuccoli , 25km southeast of darwin. the mother of-four told daily mail australia she snapped the pornographic precipitation from the civil construction site where she works. labourer noeleen foster -lrb- right -rrb- said she could n't believe her eyes when she spotted the suggestively shaped cloud. not the first : this famous phallic cloud was captured by a nature photographer last year in debyshire , central england.
on sunday , 36,000 runners took to the streets of london for the 26.2 mile virgin money london marathon. cancer research uk runners paul and laura elliott decided to do something different for their wedding day and combined their love for running and their love for each other , whilst also raising vital funds for a charity very close to their hearts. fitness fans paul and laura elliott decided to do something different for their wedding day and combined their love for running and their love for each other by tying the knot at the london marathon. unfortunately paul , 41 , lost his father to bowel cancer 19 years ago and so by running this weekend 's marathon , the couple have raised # 7,000 so far to help honour his memory on this special day.
jurgen klopp rejected the overtures of west ham united after handing in his notice at borussia dortmund. no matter , it was worth a try. if rafael benitez wants to return to english football after leaving napoli maybe he can be persuaded to take over a project that includes a move to the iconic olympic stadium in a year 's time. west ham need a coach of high ambition to underline the size of the venture. sam allardyce is n't that man. allardyce has often talked of the qualities he could bring to an elite club , but the momentum of his season changed on boxing day when he left his best players out of the starting line-up at chelsea , and lost.
when it comes to glamour , the bride is expected to be the centre of attention on her big day. but when andy murray and his long-term girlfriend tie the knot today , kim sears will have stiff competition from the mothers. judy murray , 55 , who has had a makeover since her appearance on strictly come dancing last year , is said to have spent months planning her outfit. scroll down for video. glamorous : kim 's mother leonore sears , 53 , centre , has long been admired by those on the tennis circuit. makeover : judy murray has undergone a transformation since her appearance on strictly come dancing.
attractive yan tai weighed just over seven stone when she began dating you pan in south china 's guangdong province. yan 's weight had almost doubled - after she ballooned up to 14 stone 2lbs. the 20-year-old was treated to big breakfasts , huge lunches and massive dinners. yan was almost unrecognizable by the time you proposed to her with - most fittingly - a bouquet made of chocolate. the couple pictured back in the early days when they first met - when yan weighed just over seven stone. now the 25-year-old feeder has popped the question to his girlfriend with a bouquet made , most fittingly , out of ferrero roche.
jimi manuwa is confident he can return to winning ways , by the method he knows best. the londoner takes on jan blachowicz tonight , more than a year after he suffered his first defeat to alexander gustafsson. and manuwa does n't expect to spend more than 10 minutes in the octagon. jimi manuwa confident he can forget about his first career loss and defeat polish fighter jan blachowicz. and it lets me get away from my duties in london and i can focus solely on my training. i know the fans will be cheering for me afterwards if they appreciate the good finish i 'm going to get.
you would think that all water is created equal , but a raft of new ` enhanced ' h20 products shows that things in the water business are changing , and fast. nowadays those in the know are downing bottles of birch , made from the sap of silver birch trees , sipping on glasses of liquid extracted from artichokes or opting for specially harvested and filtered rainwater. drink up ! forget tap water , we 're now being sold a raft of infused and health-boosting h20s. sweet tasting birch water contains saponins which can help your body absorb less fat.
the husband of missing woman jessica bialek has posted a heartfelt thank you on social media to everyone who helped bring his wife home. the sydney photographer returned to her husband sabino matera and their daughter on thursday evening after she vanished on the way to the bank around 8.30 am on wednesday morning. confirming the 37-year-old was safe , mr matera wrote on facebook : ` dear world of friends and family , i am here to express my most sincere gratitude for the amazing support from all of you. ' ms bialek returned to her coogee home , in sydney 's south-eastern suburbs , around 6.30 pm on thursday after police launched an investigation into her disappearance and the local community pulled together to find her.
by her own admission , michelle o'clee 's story of heartbreak and deception reads like the plot of a best-selling novel. now , michelle , 39 , has spoken of her shock and anguish at discovering that her husband of six years had been leading a double life. michelle o'clee , 39 -lrb- pictured -rrb- , said her bigamist husband 's ` extraordinary lies ' were like something from a john grisham thriller. andrew o'clee , 36 , secretly moved in philippa campbell , who lived 40 miles away. i did n't know how he was going to act and i thought , `` i do n't even know this man ''.
ed miliband last night repeatedly refused to admit he had got it wrong over the past five years about jobs , crime and the effect of tuition fees. labour has previously confidently predicted that the coalition 's austerity programme would see unemployment and crime soar , and the number of poor students going to university fall. scroll down for video. the labour leader rejected a string of statistics read out by evan davis on how the situation in all three cases had improved -- saying these facts were not what voters were talking about. mr miliband repeatedly refused to admit he had got it wrong over the past five years about jobs , fees and crime.
this is the cringe-making moment ed miliband was mobbed by a screaming hen party -- and even let the bride on his tour bus for a ` selfie '. the labour leader was jokingly referred to as the stripper after his battle bus was gatecrashed by bride-to-be nicola braithwaite and her friends. after brief negotiations with his spin doctors , the solicitor was allowed on the bus and emerged grinning after a few minutes in a white and blue dress , saying : ' i got a full on picture with him '. scroll down for video. ed miliband was mobbed by a screaming hen party -- and even let the bride on his tour bus for a private ` selfie ' the labour leader was surrounded by more than 20 young women screaming ` ed ! ed ! ed ! ' and then they posed for a group selfie.
the residence : inside the private world of the white house. by kate andersen brower. for americans , the white house is as iconic and royal a palace as you can get. kate brower , an american journalist assigned to cover the obama white house , became intrigued by the workings of the mansion after watching downton abbey.she set about interviewing the staff , who number at least 100 , to build up a comparable picture of the american version of upstairs , downstairs. the hours are long. those on duty can not go home until the president retires and goes to bed.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- in russia 's tightly-managed democracy , where being an opposition politician can seriously damage your health , chances to question the country 's leader are rare. president vladimir putin cuts an isolated figure , closely guarded behind the walls of the kremlin , traveling to-and-fro by helicopter or high-speed motorcade. interaction with ordinary russians is usually carefully controlled and fleeting. that is why this annual q&a session -- in which putin will spend hours fielding questions from the general public on live television -- is such a widely anticipated event which provokes such excitement. it is direct access to the russian leader , or at least as direct as most russians will ever get.
inspired by the post-impressionistic era of the belle epoque , the newly-opened maison souquet may just be the most provocative hotel in paris. considered by many to be the most romantic city in the world , the city of lights ' latest overnight offering takes a page from the maisons closes , the turn-of-the-century pleasures houses that were frequented by socialites and aesthetes. the newly-opened parisian hotel , maison souquet , may just be the more provocative hotel in the entire city of lights. the property may be difficult to find , tucked away behind an unmarked facade , and signalled only by two red lanterns and a matching awning , but it 's worth the hunt.
it is a week since i criticised newcastle united 's goalkeeper for appearing to congratulate jermain defoe at half-time during the wear-tyne derby after the sunderland striker beat him with a brilliant volley. i 'm still struggling to work out why krul did what he did. he 's been one of the few players who have performed consistently for newcastle in recent seasons , which led to him being part of holland 's world cup squad last summer. newcastle keeper tim krul congratulated sunderland striker jermain defoe on his goal at half-time. krul smiles at defoe shortly after the striker 's goal gave the black cats the lead in the wear-tyne derby.
now one historian claims he has unraveled what may have lead to the downfall of ancient egypt and other bronze age civilisations collapse. he claims they were hit by a ` perfect storm ' of disasters 3,200 years ago that left the ancient egyptians , the babylonians , minoans and mycenians unable to cope. the sphinx and pyramids at giza -lrb- above -rrb- hint at the power of ancient egyptian civilisation before it collapsed. as each of these great societies were interconnected , the collapse of one also affected the others , creating a domino-like effect , claims professor eric cline , director of the capitol archaeological institute at george washington university.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- just as mimeograph machines and photocopiers were in their day , online activity -- blogs , youtube channels , even social media platforms like facebook and twitter -- have fully emerged as the alternative to traditional mainstream media. it is the lack of access to traditional print and broadcast media in authoritarian countries that is really the driving force leading disaffected voices to post online. amos yee , the teenage video blogger who was arrested and held pending bail sunday in singapore , drew international attention for his anti-lee kuan yew harangue. but jailing critics is not usually the government 's first choice in singapore.
perched on the rooftops of tall buildings in cities across the world , a french photographer has captured the essence of what people do when they 're alone , in places where they 're surrounded by millions of other people. i do not photograph cities , but an imaginary city that inhabits each megalopolis. the city exceeds the overflow. scroll down for video. from one window into another , french photographer floriane de lassee captures a photograph of a man practicing his piano in his london flat. with a light illuminating her from the front , she appears to radiate in the darkness of the run-down building beside her.
a kitten which miraculously survived a seven-storey fall is on the road to recovery after it was found lying on the ground covered in maggots and blood. the six-month-old had fallen from a building in zetland , inner-east of sydney , last month and sustained serious injuries. it was taken in by a local vet clinic , my vet animal hospital , who shared the story of aptly-named ` seven ' on social media. since then , the cat has won the hearts of many who have donated funds to help pay for the his hefty medical bills and surgeries. a kitten which miraculously survived a seven-storey fall is on the road to recovery after it was found lying on the ground covered in maggots and blood.
but britt mchenry , a washington d.c.-based sports reporter for espn , has been suspended from her position after an ugly and offensive rant she unleashed on a hapless tow truck company employee surfaced online this week. the 28-year-old , who hails from new jersey , had her car towed from the parking lot of a chinese restaurant in arlington , virginia , and the verbal attack was captured on a security camera as she paid to pick the vehicle up at the tow lot office. ` i 'm in the news , sweetheart , i will f ----- g sue this place , ' mchenry can he heard saying in the video.
angelique kerber rallied past madison keys to win the family circle cup on sunday , capturing six of the last seven games for a 6-2 , 4-6 , 7-5 victory. this was kerber 's fourth wta title and first since linz in 2013. the german broke serve five times against an opponent who had n't lost serve all week. kerber had defeated friend , countrywoman and defending champion andrea petkovic in the semifinals. angelique kerber -lrb- centre -rrb- celebrates her victory in charleston with the local ball boys and girls. kerber kisses the trophy after emerging victorious in the final of the family circle cup.
but on monday stana katic left a big cat out of the bag - she has married longtime boyfriend , business consultant kris brkljac , who she is hardly ever seen with in public. the walk down the aisle took place on the same weekend as the castle star 's 37th birthday. scroll down for video. married ! stana katic and business consultant kris brkljac , spotted at the 2012 elton john academy awards viewing party in la in february 2012 , wed in croatia over the weekend. it 's official : soon after they said ' i do , ' the two shared this image of their wedding rings.
an aspiring country singer from west virginia has become a viral sensation after he posted a video of himself online singing to his uncle who has down syndrome. travis hatfield , 21 , from gilbert , west virginia sung a george jones hit to his 47-year-old uncle , jamie joe cline. he 's one of the sweetest people i have ever met , ' wrote travis on his facebook page. sweet serenade : travis hatfield sung a george jones song to his 47-year-old uncle , jamie joe cline , who has down syndrome. the video went viral onine. the video of the two of them playing music together and singing he stopped loving her today has gone viral with more than 410,000 views so far.
france legend serge betsen tells sportsmail where he thinks clermont 's clash with saracens at stade geoffrey-guichard will be won ... head to heads. if there is one genius in french rugby at the moment , it 's wesley fofana. the kid is so talented and skilful that something happens every time he gets the ball so saracens will need to focus on him. he is up against brad barritt , who is not as easy on the eye but is a very solid unit for saracens -- hence why they have made him captain. clermont centre wesley fofana was in scintillating form during his side 's recent destruction of northampton.
there was no special treatment for lewis ferguson at paul nicholls 's yard on thursday morning. the 18-year-old was mucking out the stables as usual , just a cut on the nose to show for the fall which has made him an internet sensation. ferguson 's spectacular double somersault fall from the favourite merrion square in the 4.20 pm at wincanton has been watched hundreds of thousands of times online. amateur jockey lee lewis ferguson has just a cut on his nose to show for his ordeal. teenager ferguson was flung from his horse in spectacular fashion at wincanton. it 's about the most impressive fall i 've seen.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- the world 's seventh-largest economy is heading toward collapse. an economic powerhouse conservatively valued at $ 24 trillion , one that annually churns out the equivalent of $ 2.5 trillion , is under assault. however , i am not referring to one of the g8 economies , but to the `` super economy '' of the ocean. the health and wealth of the ocean are assessed in a wwf report released thursday , reviving the ocean economy. the report is the result of a hard economic analysis performed by the boston consulting group built on a foundation of the latest ocean science provided by the global change institute of the university of queensland.
the location is excellent - a trendy borough of london , close to local amenities and a stone 's throw from transport into the city. in your generous double room you would be afforded access to a newly refurbished kitchen and a smart bathroom , which you would share with two young italian women and an english gentleman. scroll down for video. in an advert posted on gumtree , the rather honest letting agent has posted candid pictures of the cracked ceiling in the otherwise smart , modern and generous bedroom. a generous double room in peckham , south-east london , close to amenities and a stone 's thrown from public transport into the city , has been put up for rent for just # 400 a month.
with her mother by her side and nanny maria teresa turrion borrallo already in charge of the nursery , the duchess of cambridge wo n't be short of help when the new baby arrives. but carole middleton and ms borrallo are n't the only ones on standby as the birth of the spare to prince george 's heir approaches. waiting in the wings is kate 's fiercely loyal inner circle , a mix of school friends , society types and family members such as younger sister pippa. more than just sisters , the duchess of cambridge and her younger sibling are also best friends who spend as much time together as possible.
the other , five decades on , pouting beneath razor sharp cheek bones , sunken eyes and platinum blond hair. these exclusive pictures obtained by daily mail online show dermatologist and cosmetic surgeon to the stars , dr fredric brandt , the year he graduated from frank h morrell high , irvington , new jersey. they were taken at the age of 18 , when he was , in his own words , just ` a jewish kid from newark , ' and before he had transformed himself , in every sense , into the figure lampooned on netflix show ` unbreakable kimmy schmidt , ' with such devastating consequences.
bayern munich cruised to a 6-1 victory against champion 's league rivals porto last night. but not all eyes were on the pitch for the whole 90 minutes , as the german club 's manager pep guardiola broke the highly dramatic atmosphere with a moment of sartorial comedy. a flash of upper thigh and navy boxers made themselves known as he strode up and down the touchline shouting commands at his players. scroll down for video. sartorial slip-up : bayern munich manager pep guardiola runs through tactics with his players , while ignoring the draft that has emerged at the top of his left leg.
last week , a handful of british tech fanatics took delivery of the first highly sought-after apple watches. but it 's only one example of a new generation of watches designed to do far more than just tell the time. and while these smartwatches might sound as if they 're just for tech-savvy geeks , whether you 're a fitness fanatic , want to track your sleep and calorie intake or simply like the idea of checking your emails on your wrist , there 's a watch that could make your life easier. the pebble was one of the earliest smartwatches , and since it launched in 2013 , more than a million have been sold.
a petition has been launched asking for sunrise 's samantha armytage to apologise for comments she made on-air last month , dubbed by some viewers as ` racist '. the cause of controversy came when the 37-year-old interviewed non-identical twins from the uk , lucy and maria aylmer , who have become a sensation around the world due to their opposite skin tones. ' controversy : sunrise host samantha armytage has come under fire for a comment made during a sunrise broadcast last month. ` the aylmer twins come from a mixed race family in the uk , ' the seven presenter 's introduction began.
london -lrb- cnn -rrb- congolese immigrant tarsis mboma thale has a small business selling t-shirts in johannesburg , south africa. the reason is a wave of anti-immigrant violence that has swept the country in recent days , leaving several dead as authorities scrambled to detain those responsible and prevent further bloodshed. the cause of this surge in violence is murky , with some blaming alleged inflammatory comments about foreign nationals from the zulu king , local media reported , others saying a labor dispute between locals and foreigners back in march turned nasty. unemployment in impoverished areas has also been a factor.
walmart is coming under fire following a recent incident in tuscon , arizona where a thief was able to shoot of rounds from a weapon after stealing it from their store. this after he demanded bullets from a woman inside the store guarding the ammunition case , who did as instructed and then immediately notified authorities. scroll down for video. mario valencia -lrb- above -rrb- took a rifle from a walmart in tuscon , arizona on february 19 and was able to start firing it as soon as he left. the stolen weapon should have still been locked and police chasing the men were told he could not fire the loaded gun.
a deskbound worker has used a gopro camera to capture a unique view of his boring office job , turning even the most mundane day-to-day tasks into a high octane activities. the video , which is titled ` boring office job gopro commercial ' , has clearly struck a chord with people working in similar jobs around the globe , with the video already attracting an impressive three million views since being uploaded to youtube last week. office space : daniel williams , an office worker from toronto , captured his entire day with a gopro camera. bright idea : mr williams came up with the idea after seeing other breathtaking gopro videos online.
a clean-water advocate took an earth day swim in new york city 's polluted gowanus canal , a site designated by the federal government as especially polluted , but quit less than halfway through. christopher swain wore a protective yellow suit as he went over a railing and into the water around 2pm wednesday in brooklyn but completed only two-thirds of a mile of the 1.8-mile waterway. christopher swain , a clean-water activist , embarked on a 1.8-mile swim in the toxic gowanus canal , which has been designated as especially polluted by the environmental protection agency , to urge its cleanup.
amid the flurry of tributes that followed al kellock 's announcement he was retiring at the end of the season , one from another old warhorse stood out. ` so my friend and foe alastair kellock calls time on a great career , ' tweeted scotland and saracens lock jim hamilton. ` been a pleasure punching and getting punched by you. ' as he suggested , hamilton had stood toe to toe with his countryman as opponents when their respective teams , edinburgh and glasgow , clashed. but , in the second row for scotland , they would have each other 's backs as they fought -- normally against the odds -- for their country.
the usa have unveiled their new kits for the women 's soccer team ahead of the world cup hosted by canada in june. the strips , produced by sportswear giants nike , have caused a bit of stir across the pond , because of the decision to go with a black and white colour scheme rather than the traditional red , white and blue. but striker alex morgan hailed nike 's design as innovative. ' scroll down for video. -lrb- left to right :-rrb- tobin heath , alex morgan and sydne leroux of the usa women 's soccer team pose. t he usa women 's soccer team have unveiled their new kits for the world cup hosted by canada in june.
they 've won seven on the spin in the premier league and made liverpool look like relegation candidates as opposed to champions league rivals during saturday 's first-half slaughter. so why are arsenal destined to sign off from another campaign celebrating a top-four finish and not a serious title challenge ? finish second they may well , but never have they entered the race for the top-flight crown. arsenal celebrate after a fine strike from alexis sanchez put them 3-0 up against liverpool on saturday. this is the most impressive team the gunners have boasted since the dying embers of the invincibles side of more than a decade ago.
kathmandu , nepal -lrb- cnn -rrb- the clamor and chaos of the previous day has dissipated by the time we arrive at kathmandu 's only airport. the mad rush of 24 hours previously , in those first confusing , cacophonous hours following the 7.8-magnitude earthquake near the nepali capital , had died down. at the airport , at passport control , we meet a nepalese man , who is unable to contact his family. they live in a village 20 km from the epicenter. follow the latest coverage of nepal earthquake. stepping out of the terminal building , the devastation is apparent.
alexis sanchez is developing a fondness for wembley stadium. two goals for chile against england were followed by two goals in the fa cup semi-final against reading. it is a stage that suits him and arsenal will expect even more when they return for the fa cup final next month. ` let us hope he keeps that up and scores twice in the final , ' said santi cazorla. he is a key player for us , in a good moment. ' alexis sanchez celebrates as his goals take arsenal into the 2015 fa cup final. the gunners forward wheels away after opening the scoring in the 2-1 defeat of reading on saturday.
but it might take more than a slice of carbon fibre to protect cesc fabregas from what could be a quite hateful reception when he takes his first steps at the emirates stadium since he left to join barcelona. that 2011 move was seen and widely accepted - externally - as the prodigal son going home. this next fixture is seen by some as the return of a player who rejected a second coming at arsenal in favour of chelsea. he will surely win the league , having already won the capital one cup , but what has he lost at the club that made him ? what of the line of communication he once had with arsene wenger ? cesc fabregas will be making his first return to the emirates since leaving arsenal in 2011.
no one would talk about bruce jenner 's friday tell-all interview with diane sawyer - not ex kris , nor his daughters kendall and kylie or even khloe and kourtney - when they stopped by craig 's in west hollywood on thursday evening. but kim kardashian was not afraid to discuss the upcoming chat when stopping by variety 's 2015 power of women luncheon in new york city on friday. scroll down for video. she will tune in : kim kardashian told e! on friday afternoon during a variety event that she would indeed be watching former stepfather bruce jenner talk to diane sawyer later that evening.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- as americans mark the 150th anniversary of abraham lincoln 's death this week , let us remember that he not only belongs to the ages , but also belongs , in a special way , to illinois. lincoln 's two greatest legacies -- indivisible union and irreversible emancipation -- grew organically from his midwestern roots. the entire region from the appalachians to the rockies drained through the mississippi river , enabling farmers in this vast basin to float their goods down to market through new orleans and from there to the world. '' lincoln supplemented his midwestern geography lesson with a distinctly midwestern claim about constitutional history : `` the union is older than any of the states ; and in fact , it created them as states.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- what do we have for the contestant on `` the price is right '' ? a brand-new car ! whoops. on thursday 's edition of the popular game show , model manuela arbelaez accidentally revealed the correct answer to a guessing game for a new hyundai sonata. host drew carey could n't stop laughing. but everything turned out ok , she tweeted later. '' on wednesday , former host bob barker , 91 , showed up to run his old show .
steve bruce was at least able to crack a joke after his side were left dangling precariously in the barclays premier league following defeat to southampton. graziano pelle was given a yellow card by referee kevin friend in the first half for a clash with alex bruce but the hull city manager could not believe the southampton striker remained on the field. ` alex has got a horribly broken nose , ' bruce revealed. ` the boy pelle gets a yellow card but we 're incensed. graziano pelle unleashes a strike in a crowded penalty area as southampton doubled their lead against hull city at st mary 's.
tom ballard plans to climb k2 , 20 years after his mother died descending from its peak. a climber has set his sights on the summit of k2 - the second highest mountain in the world - 20 years after his mother died attempting the same feat. alison hargreaves , 32 , was swept to her death in 260mph winds on her descent from the himalayan mountain in 1995. now her son tom ballard , one of the world 's most accomplished climbers , plans to conquer k2 himself. ' last month mr ballard became the first to solo climb all six of the great north faces of the alps in the winter season - and now he is training for k2.
this is where floyd mayweather and manny pacquiao will wage violent combat on saturday night. the mgm grand garden arena will also be the place where they add untold fortunes to their already significant wealth. on the safe side of the ropes rather than inside with either of the two greatest fighters on the planet. sportsmail 's boxing correspondent jeff powell sits on the corner of the ring at the mgm grand. this is the ring in which floyd mayweather and manny pacquiao will face each other in on may 2. the fight is expected to earn at least $ 300million -lrb- # 195m -rrb- with mayweather receiving $ 180m -lrb- # 117 -rrb- and pacquiao $ 120m -lrb- # 79m -rrb-.
binge drinking might seem like a uniquely modern phenomenon - but in fact it is a time-honoured tradition , according to health experts. ancient civilisations such as the romans , greeks and egyptians have had to deal with rowdy , drunken behaviour in public for thousands of years. contrast : health experts have compared ancient nights out to modern drinking spots such as magaluf. mark bellis , who is honorary professor of public health at bangor university , is giving a talk at a conference in las vegas this week about the history of binge drinking. in his lecture , entitled ` lessons from the history of nightlife - 10,000 years from mesopotamia to vegas ' , he will examine how our distant ancestors balanced freedom with responsiblity in regulating nightlife.
floyd mayweather vs manny pacquiao will be the biggest fight of all time financially and the most significant this century. where money man vs pacman comes to rank among the most important fights in ring history will depend upon what happens that coming night in the mgm grand garden arena. in this , the third in a series of 12 fights that shaped boxing history , i look back on one of the most anticipated events of the 20th century which divided a nation. the second fight of the century. the greatest had been stripped of the world heavyweight title he had won so sensationally against sonny liston but it was the reason for that decision which added cultural significance to what was to be a magnificent fight.
tough stance : health minister marisol touraine wants to impose fines and prison sentences for inciting binge drinking. they look down on our food , our weather and even our language. french health chiefs say the uk is responsible for causing a sharp rise in the number of youngsters who binge-drink. it has slammed the practice of going out to get drunk as an ` anglo-saxon phenomenon ' and says it is being copied by increasing numbers of youths on the continent. but critics have said it 's a case of double standards for a country where children are encouraged to drink wine at the table from a relatively early age.
one can only imagine the gloomy mood that must have collectively descended on the european tour 's headquarters at wentworth last week when reading about the acts of selflessness of the new masters champion , jordan spieth. jordan spieth hits a tee shot on the eighth hole during the final round of the rbc heritage tournament. spieth has competed in four events in a row as the new masters champion shows his commitment to the sport. he also committed to the cadillac match play championship in san francisco next week because it is a wgc event , and the players championship in florida the following week because it is the tour 's flagship competition.
reanne evans insists her world championship bid is ` do or die ' for women in snooker. the 29-year-old from dudley is aiming to be the first woman to qualify for the world championship in sheffield this month when she faces former champion ken doherty in qualifying. evans has won 10 women 's world titles and plays irishman doherty at pond 's forge in sheffield on thursday. reanne evans is aiming to become the first women to qualify for the snooker world championships. ` we do n't need every match on tv but it 's just to show ladies are playing snooker and it might invite more players in.
-lrb- the hollywood reporter -rrb- geoffrey lewis , a prolific character actor who appeared opposite frequent collaborator clint eastwood as his pal orville boggs in `` every which way but loose '' and its sequel , has died. lewis , the father of oscar-nominated actress juliette lewis , died tuesday , family friend michael henderson said. lewis began his long association with eastwood in `` high plains drifter '' -lrb- 1973 -rrb-. he also appeared with the actor in `` thunderbolt and lightfoot '' -lrb- 1974 -rrb- , `` bronco billy '' -lrb- 1980 -rrb- , `` pink cadillac '' -lrb- 1989 -rrb- and `` midnight in the garden of good and evil '' -lrb- 1997 -rrb-.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- when 65 cases of 20-year-old pappy van winkle -- one of the rarest and most expensive bourbons in the world -- were reported missing from a kentucky distillery in october 2013 , it was the crime heard round the whiskey-drinking world. franklin county sheriff pat melton , the man leading the investigation into the estimated $ 26,000 in missing pappy , said at the time that the high-end heist was `` indicative of an inside job. on tuesday , a franklin county grand jury indicted `` nine members of a criminal syndicate that collaborated to promote or engage in the theft ... and illegal trafficking '' of liquor from two different kentucky distilleries : frankfort 's buffalo trace -- makers of pappy -- and the nearby wild turkey distillery , makers of the eponymous bourbon , according to the indictment.
desperate for a family , the couple chose to sacrifice their dream wedding and go ahead with ivf , but were over the moon when weeks later they became winners of a wedding competition. becca and dale litchfield decided to give up their dream wedding in order to have one last shot at ivf and have since welcomed twins , darci-mai -lrb- left -rrb- and stanley -lrb- right -rrb-. the happy couple said their vows , and were overjoyed when they discovered the fertility treatment had worked - and becca gave birth to twins stanley and darci-mai. the full-time mother says that the couple ca n't believe their luck having achieved both of their dreams.
duhok , iraqi kurdistan -lrb- cnn -rrb- in the canvas expanse of the shariya refugee camp , thousands of yazidis live within hearing distance of one of iraqi kurdistan 's frontlines with isis. the vast majority of the camp 's occupants are from the town of sinjar and fled the isis assault there back in august. isis took thousands of yazidis captive. men faced a choice -- convert to islam or be shot. but the islamist militants separated the young women and girls to be sold as sex slaves. in its fourth edition of `` dabiq , '' the isis online magazine , an article titled `` the revival of slavery before the hour , '' outlines the group 's twisted justification and guidelines for the enslavement of the yazidis.