in fact , why not make your own ? the choice of ice cream makers has never been wider. mandy francis tried out the best brands on the high street with some enthusiastic help from her children stanley , 13 , and florence , eight. the swan come dine with me ice cream & gelato maker is best for dinner parties. the removable bowl -- which has an inner , freezable gel layer -- has to be frozen for eight hours before you put it back in the machine , then add the mixing arm , pop on the lid , and turn it on.
how good to welcome padraig harrington back to augusta after a year 's absence , complete with his weird and wonderful practice-ground routines. ' padraig harrington hits a tee shot on the fourth hole during the second day of the masters on friday. headline writers everywhere will be keeping fingers crossed that golf continues to prove an addiction for the highly rated us public links champion byron meth , who opened with a 74 on his masters debut. byron meth makes a chip shot on the second hole as the american amateur continues to impress at augusta. jordan spieth marks his ball in the 15th hole during the second round of action at augusta.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- ahmed farouq did n't have the prestige of fellow al qaeda figure osama bin laden , the influence of anwar al-awlaki , or the notoriety of adam gadahn. that 's the assessment of multiple sources on a man who may not have been well-known in the west , but nonetheless had a special role in the terrorist group. farouq -- an american -- died in a u.s. counterterrorism airstrike in january , according to the white house. two al qaeda hostages , warren weinstein of the united states and giovanni lo porto from italy , were killed in the same strike , while gadahn died in another u.s. operation that month.
a 14-year-old cheerleader has died after plunging 60 feet during a rappelling trip with her family over easter weekend. millie elia , an eighth-grade student from oak mountain , alabama , died following the accident at mount cheaha state park around 4.40 pm on saturday. the park refused to release any further details when contacted by dailymail.com on monday. tragic : millie elia , an eighth-grade student from alabama , died on saturday after a rappelling accident. in oak mountain on monday , her classmates and teachers mourned the teen , who was part of the advanced symphonic band , the national junior honor society and the science club.
it was the sort of training ground accident that can happen to anyone , but it had far-reaching consequences for philipp lahm. lahm 's tackle on a team-mate at bayern munich 's training ground on the outskirts of the city appeared innocuous enough , until a scream of pain pierced the morning air and a frantic wave signalled he was in trouble. as players milled round him , and a physio inspected the damage , the call went out for expert medical help. to the dismay of pep guardiola , there was n't a single qualified doctor on site. bayern munich doctor hans-wilhelm muller-wohlfahrt quit this week after a reported rift with pep guardiola.
leicester boss nigel pearson has called for realism in their survival quest and insisted that their remaining fixtures will make it extremely tough to avoid relegation. they will escape the drop zone for the first time since november if they beat swansea at home on saturday by three goals and burnley fail to win at everton. they also have to face relegation rivals sunderland and burnley away while welcoming qpr to the king power stadium on the final day of the season. back-to-back wins revived leicester 's hopes of top-flight survival but pearson wants to keep a lid on expectations. they are still extremely tough fixtures.
steve clarke sprang up and pumped the air with his fist. as a chelsea player and coach , clarke has fought hard across the capital with arsenal over the years but through the first-half at wembley , his reading team struggled to match their illustrious opponents. they backed off and defended , and offered a little too much respect to the team with the best form in the barclays premier league since the turn of the year. steve clarke applauds fans after his reading side were narrowly beaten by arsenal at wembley stadium. arsenal have been irresistible since they improved at the back and supplied a stronger base for the flair of their many attacking stars to perform upon.
the milan derby used to be italian football 's biggest attraction. a host of world stars , two unwavering sets of supporters and a fierce rivalry meant ac milan and inter could always guarantee a spectacle. it was certainly the case in april 2005 when a hail of flares rained down from the stands on to the san siro pitch - flooding the stadium with smoke and forcing german referee markus merk to abandon a virulent champions league quarter-final. on sunday , they meet once more against the backdrop of a champions league quarter-final week. inter milan pose for a team photo ahead of their champions league quarter-final against ac milan in 2005.
the conservative know that they need to turn large parts of the country blue on may 7. while mr cameron was messing about with boris johnson in surbiton , his wife was 200 miles away in west yorkshire giving a lick of paint to a charity project. scroll down for video. the prime minister 's wife was campaigning with conservative candidate alec shelbrooke -lrb- centre -rrb- in the seat of elmet and rothwell. mrs cameron has made several solo appearances during the election campaign in key seats , today supporting tory candidate alec shelbrooke in elmet and rothwell. she visited the growing zone , an allotment garden project for adults and children with special needs in kippax , west yorkshire.
the comedian took a fake tumble on the red carpet tuesday night at the 2015 time 100 gala in new york -- right in front of fellow honorees kanye west and kim kardashian , who stepped around her as they moved down the line. the prank came the same night the third season of schumer 's hit show , `` inside amy schumer , '' premiered on comedy central. the episode has won praise for its `` milk milk lemonade '' video , which ridicules mens ' obsession with a certain female body part , and a `` friday night lights '' parody in which high school football players protest their new coach 's `` no raping '' policy.
but that was prince harry 's only nod to formality yesterday as he began his month-long visit down under. prince harry was greeted by an enthusiastic crowd at the australian war memorial in canberra , all keen to catch a glimpse of the royal. the prince pulled funny faces at a young girl waiting in the crowd with her mother , as others snapped photos on their smartphones. the prince is in australia to report for official military duty but he enjoyed his interaction with excited fans. prince harry has declared ` selfies are bad ' during his visit to the australian capital of canberra as revellers scrambled to get a piece of the royal on their camera phones.
best-selling author sarah wilson has hit out at a woman 's website after they published her photograph alongside a story about an apparent eating disorder. wilson 's face was plastered on the article alongside controversial wellness blogger belle gibson , who has been accused of faking terminal cancer , and paleo diet preacher pete evans. celebrity chef evans ' cookbook , bubba yum yum : the paleo way , was recently dropped by its publisher after the public health association of australia found that ' a baby may die ' if they consumed one of its particular recipes. ' sarah wilson hit out at the mamamia website after it published her photograph alongside a story on an eating disorder.
cleveland cavaliers small forward lebron james says he would pick himself for mvp if he could when a new set of nba awards are presented this summer. players are able to vote in the end-of-season awards for the first time , with titles such as ` man of the year ' being handed out ,. lebron james seems to have decided who deserves the nba mvp award at the end of the season. lebron goes up for a slam dunk -lrb- left -rrb- during the victory against the milwaukee bucks on wednesday night. when asked who would his vote be for mvp this year by espn , james replied ` myself ' , before adding : ` guys are going to be able to recognise the guys they play against every night and what they do for their franchises.
dramatic footage has emerged of the moment police in texas pulled an unconscious man from the burning wreckage of his car mere moments before it was engulfed by flames. officers in mesquite early sunday came upon the burning suv belonging to 25-year-old hector valles , who was unresponsive and wedged behind the wheel. certain death : police in mesquite , texas arrived to find a crashed car burning as the driver lay unconscious behind the wheel. moments later , while nielson and soto were still dragging valles across the pavement , the fire in his suv erupted ever further , fully engulfing the interior.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- a hooded angel with black wings appeared on tuesday near the spot where walter scott was shot and killed by a police officer in north charleston , south carolina , on saturday. when protesters held the winged figure at a wednesday morning rally outside north charleston 's city hall , the artwork was widely photographed. creator phillip hyman grew up in the neighborhood where scott , an unarmed black man , was shot in the back several times by a white police officer on saturday. he woke up about 3 a.m. a couple of days after scott was killed and began searching for materials.
the woman who launched a social media campaign in a bid to return a sentimental ring which was discovered at a bali resort has found the owner. queensland resident roxy walsh took to her facebook account after recovering the gold jewellery at the finns beach club in bali on tuesday. fortunately , ms walsh said she has since been in contact with the owner and will be having breakfast with ` the joe and jenny ' in noosa on sunday. the snorkeller who discovered a sentimental ring at a bali resort has found the owner of the gold jewellery. queensland resident roxy walsh recovered the gold jewellery at the finns beach club in bali on tuesday.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- a california woman who was recording police activity said she was terrified when a deputy u.s. marshal walked toward her , grabbed her cell phone out of her hands and smashed it with his foot. the incident was recorded by another woman with a smartphone camera across the street. beatriz paez filed a complaint wednesday with police in south gate , just south of los angeles. however , the police do n't have authority over marshals. paez said she was out walking sunday when she noticed what looked like an arrest several houses up the street. the woman said marshals asked her to stop recording but she told them she had a right to do so.
haunting never-before-seen images showing captain scott 's doomed expedition team setting off on their ill-fated trek to the south pole have sold for a staggering # 30,000. the archive of 52 celluloid negatives show the great british adventurer and his men heading off in the snow-covered wilderness during the ill-fated terra nova expedition of 1912. scroll down for video. almost ready : the pictures show captain scott 's team preparing to depart on their ill-fated terra nova expedition of 1912. the unseen photographs of the antarctic expedition have been sold at auction for # 36,000 to an unnamed buyer. the two types of animal proved to be scott 's downfall as he got rid of the dogs on the final leg of the trek , wrongly believing they would not make the ascent of beardmore glacier.
john helm was commentating on bradford city 's game against lincoln city when the fire broke out and still struggles to listen to his description of that fatal day. approaching the 30th anniversary of the bradford city fire , it was inevitable i would be asked to recall the horrific images from a match i was commentating on for yorkshire television. the tragic fire at bradford city 's valley parade stadium claimed 56 victims and injured 265 on may 11 , 1985. martin lost three generations of his family and has a right to speak his mind -- any bitterness would be understandable -- but from everything i have been told there is n't a jot of evidence to suggest the blaze was caused deliberately.
a skier in switzerland proved that his dog is certainly his best friend when he brought it along to a snowy slope for a day of skiing. perched on his shoulders looking entirely at ease is his dog sintha -- an appenzeller mix according to the owner , who noted alongside the upload of the original video that he only knows the breed of the dog 's mother. the dog named sintha appears to be entirely at ease as it sits across its owners shoulders. once at the top , mr schaffner points his skis down the mountain and takes off at speed with the dog remaining calmly sat on his back.
cradling your stomach with a hot water bottle might seem like the norm at ` that time of the month '. while most ` normal ' period pain can be fixed with ibuprofen or a over-the-counter anti-inflammatory , a doctor tells daily mail australia that more severe symptoms such as nausea , back or leg pain or bleeding at unexpected times of the month can all point to a more serious condition - endrometriosis. dr lara briden explains that endometriosis is a condition where bits of the uterus lining grow in other places outside of the uterus such as the ovaries , bladder or intestines.
the mother-of-one has saved # 17,000 over three years by spending an hour a day searching for deals and coupons. scroll down for video. mother-of-one jennifer drew has saved # 17,000 over three years by spending an hour a day searching for deals and coupons. what people do n't realise is that a bit of research can save hundreds of pounds. mrs drew 's obsession with couponing started when she was pregnant with her son nicholas , now two. she suffered severe insomnia and while watching tv at night she stumbled across american reality show extreme couponing , which follows savvy shoppers as they find bargains.
washington -lrb- cnn -rrb- early clinton campaign calculations , the favored way for one of her opponents to channel his concerns , a gop ticket for the generations , and republican calendar concerns filled our sunday trip around the `` inside politics '' table. 1. slowly but clearly , former maryland gov. martin o'malley is intensifying his criticism of overwhelming democratic presidential front-runner hillary clinton. cnn 's jeff zeleny says o'malley enjoys using youtube videos as a quick way to spread his opinion -- and question moves by clinton , like her reversal on the question of whether she supports allowing undocumented workers to obtain driver 's licenses.
a woman who had stars tattooed on her face says she has no choice other than to claim benefits worth # 14,000-a-year because no one will employ her. kay bennett , 33 , from swindon , says the tattoos , which were done when she was 24 , have turned her into a jobless recluse. benefits : kay bennett , 33 , from swindon , says she ca n't get a job because of her six facial tattoos. ` i 've applied for 40 jobs in the last year alone. they are not going to employ me. ' tough : she says she has applied for more than 40 jobs but has had no success because of her 18 tattoos.
a new york-based documentary photographer has spent three years traveling the u.s. photographing and interviewing gay veterans and servicemen to share their stories of suppression , sadness and silence in a moving photo essay. vincent cianni , 63 , said he embarked on the project , gays in the military , to better understand why homosexuals would enlist in the military to begin with ; voluntarily signing up for a system that did , and in many ways still does , oppress them. ' pieced together , cianni 's photos show commonalities between the subjects despite their different journeys , from a 92-year-old ww2 veteran to young soldiers who recently returned from afghanistan.
just days after bruce jenner 's powerful interview with diane sawyer , another transgender person is making a monumental television appearance. starting in may , scott turner schofield will become the first transgender man to have a recurring role on a daytime soap opera when he appears on the bold and the beautiful. scroll down for video. major moment : scott turner schofield -lrb- left , with thorsten kaye -rrb- has landed a role on the popular soap opera the bold and the beautiful. the new york daily news reports that schofield will be playing nick , a mentor of sorts to the character of maya avant , played by karla mosley.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- sarah brady , who with her husband , james brady , pushed for stricter gun control laws , including the brady handgun violence prevention act , died friday , her family said. `` sarah courageously stepped up after jim was shot to prevent others from enduring what our family has gone through , and her work has saved countless lives , '' their statement said. james brady , president ronald reagan 's press secretary , was shot in the head by john hinckley jr. during his attempt to assassinate reagan in 1981. brady spent the rest of his life in a wheelchair , advocating against gun violence.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- when les moonves sits down at a restaurant in hollywood , it 's usually the waiter 's lucky night. as the president and ceo of cbs corp. , which includes showtime , moonves runs a powerful television network in a town where nearly every waiter also wants to be an actor. instead , he was offering moonves an `` in '' to the most coveted match-up in boxing : floyd mayweather vs. manny pacquiao. ' '' that 's when salvador told moonves his son trained at the hollywood gym owned by freddie roach , pacquiao 's trainer , and that he would put in a good word for moonves.
arlette ricci -lrb- above -rrb- , the multi-millionaire owner of nina ricci , was today sent to prison for trying to hide her fortune from the french taxman through hsbc. the multi-millionaire owner of the nina ricci fashion company was today sent to prison for trying to hide her fortune from the french taxman through hsbc bank. arlette ricci , 74 and one of the richest women in europe , was ` particularly determined ' to stash money in swiss accounts for more than two decades. ' ricci had denied hiding the equivalent of more than # 15million , saying she had simply tried to avoid tax -- which is legal -- rather than evade it , which is not.
richie benaud spent a lifetime in the sun and in his final years he ruefully admitted that he was paying the price for it with skin cancers on his forehead and the top of his head. ' the cricket commentary box legend talked about the radiation treatment he was receiving for his skin cancer. scroll down for video. skin cancer : richie benaud , pictured at the scg in january 2013 , revealed late last year that he had skin cancer and was receiving radiation treatment , admitting that ` as a kid we never ever wore a cap ' but using the opportunity to advise all australians to cover their heads.
alastair cook has been working on a new , more open stance with former england batting coach graham gooch over the past few months. but in the first test against the west indies , i think he overdid it. alastair cook has been working on a new stance , but he appears to have overdone it against the west indies. england head coach peter moores and cook stand together during a nets session in grenada on monday. cook prepares to play a shot during a training session at the grenada national stadium in st georges. cook plays a shot during a training session at the grenada national stadium in st georges on monday.
the first farmers came to europe 8,000 years ago and spread early agricultural practices , starting in greece. but northern europeans during the neolithic period , initially rejected the practice of farming , which was spreading throughout the rest of the continent , researchers claim. experts from centre for international research in the humanities and social sciences -lrb- cirhus -rrb- in new york city studied neolithic ornaments -lrb- pictured -rrb- to understand how farming spread. these beads are examples of personal ornaments worn by the first european farming societies. ` this discovery goes beyond farming , ' said solange rigaud , the study 's lead author and a researcher at the centre for international research in the humanities and social sciences -lrb- cirhus -rrb- in new york city.
it might be seven years since he retired but joe calzaghe showed he is still fighting fit as he enjoyed a holiday in barbados. but after they took to the sea for a jet ski and a swim , their fun was suddenly interrupted by a downpour of rain. joe calzaghe relaxed on the beech with his girlfriend lucy in barbados. the couple enjoyed a jet-ski session before the rain came down and they retreated to their lounger. the couple were not ready to give in , however , as they retreated to a single sun lounger where they sipped beer.
brendan rodgers will deliver his weekly briefing to the media on friday afternoon , previewing the showdown with arsenal on saturday and discussing the future of raheem sterling. the young england star has moved a step closer to an anfield exit after revealing in a tv interview that he is not ready to sign a new contract at anfield. sterling , 20 , has been offered a new # 100,000-a-week contract to stay at the club but admitted he is ` flattered ' by interest from arsenal. and with that , brendan rodgers has brought to a close the broadcast section of his press conference.
an arkansas single dad has decided to change up his romance strategy by putting an ad on the side of his pickup truck after not finding love online. robin thomas , of jonesboro , arkansas , posted a ` girlfriend wanted ' advertisement on his truck after several failed attempts at online dating. the retired cook said that he 's looking for a woman who is ` normal and down-to-earth ' and closer to his own age , hoping for ` at least 28 '. ' thomas said he enjoys to play pool , bowl , bar-be-cue and spend time at the river with his kids , who are aged six to 11.
alison hall , 48 , almost choked to death after a false nail in her pocket worked its way into her asthma inhaler. an asthma sufferer almost choked to death when she took a puff on her inhaler and nearly swallowed a false nail. alison hall , 48 , was at work when she felt her chest tightening and took out her blue salbutamol inhaler. the mother-of-one ran outside in a panic when a neighbour came to her rescue and began pounding her back before calling 999. after five minutes of choking , a false nail finally came loose from the back of her throat and fell out onto the pavement.
a japanese woman got sweet revenge on her cheating boyfriend by giving his apple collection a good wash. the unnamed heartbroken girlfriend clearly knew how to hit her lying lover where it hurts , and dumped his imac , iphone , ipad and accessories in the bath tub. a japanese woman got sweet revenge on her cheating boyfriend by giving his apple collection a good wash. clearly feeling little remorse for his sins and perhaps looking for sympathy , the unnamed man , also from japan , tweeted the pics to his account @foolishnessfly2. the hearts of apple fans are mainly with the man , with the general consensus being that destroying a fellow 's prized apple collection is a bit harsh , even if he did cheat.
a bosnian town , home to more than 200 sets of twins in a population of 20,000 has claimed that it is the world 's multiple birth capital and wants to use that fact to turn it into a tourist attraction. officials in buzim , north west bosnia said their home should be known as the ` town of twins ' , due to the unusually high number of multiple births. edita and elma pajalic are among the 200 sets of twins in the bosnian town of buzim. samed and sara dizdarevic live in the town which has a far higher than normal rate of multiple births.
we have most friends at the age of 26 after having spent the first quarter of our lives building up our friendship circle , a new study has revealed. the report into friendship showed that our social circle peaks at 26 years and seven months , at which we typically have five close friends. women are most popular at 25 years of age , while men hit the friendship high a little later at 27. the research , by greetings card firm forever friends , shows that a third of adults -lrb- 36 per cent -rrb- met their closest friends while at school with a fifth -lrb- 22 per cent -rrb- saying they met them at work.
mohamed diame will make his long-awaited return for hull when the tigers travel to swansea on saturday. hull boss steve bruce has confirmed that the sengalese midfielder , signed for # 3.5 million from west ham in the summer but who has been out for more than four months with a knee injury , will be involved at some stage of the match. mohamed diame is set to return from injury for hull city 's visit to swansea city on saturday. the return of the # 3.5 m senegalese midfielder is a boost for hull as they face a relegation battle.
this extraordinary video - captured when a skydiver dropped his gopro camera at 10,000 ft - shows what it is like to freefall to the ground. the clip shows the very moment the helmet camera becomes detached and makes its dizzying descent back to earth. after what begins as a routine skydive - with two of the jumpers linking hands in mid-air as two companions circle them - the camera slips from helmet and makes its stomach-churning plunge to the ground. remarkably , the camera remains intact despite falling from the great height. the video was taken of a routine skydive in everöd , sweden and recorded on the helmet of one of the divers.
these two australian dogs have got talent ! a pair of border collies were caught on camera performing a balancing act. using a human as their base , pooches ace and holly stood up high on their hind legs , with their front paws up. scroll down for video. here we go ! border collie ace is seen on top of his owner and trainer dai aoki 's lap. the brief clip , set to ` les toreadors ' from ` carmen , ' first shows a man , identified as their owner and trainer dai aoki , lying on the ground with 22-month-old ace on his lap.
nearly 11 months after travelling to syria and joining islamic state , british fighter hamza parvez , 22 , still has n't found a wife and has been living with a group of unmarried fighters. known as abu hamza al-britani , the loveless british pakistani fighter recently moved back to the islamic state de-facto capital city of raqqa in syria , in search of love. hamza parvez -lrb- left -rrb- standing next to belgian fighter and close friend abu mariya al-belgiki have been living together in a house in raqqa , syria. over six months since he travelled to syria , hamza 's friend abu mariya al-belgiki remains a frustrated bachelor.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- one hundred and forty-seven victims. as kenyans mourned those killed last week in one of the deadliest terrorist attacks in the nation , citizens used social media to share the victims ' stories , hopes and dreams. using the hashtag # 147notjustanumber -- a reference to the number of people , mostly students , killed at garissa university college on thursday -- kenyans tweeted pictures of the victims in happier times. kenyan authorities have not released a list of the victims. the posts provided heart-wrenching details on the victims , including one about an elderly man whose dreams died with his son.
breakthrough ? : early tests carried out on cancer cells -lrb- like the one pictured -rrb- have shown survival rates in mice were boosted by more than 50 per cent. a new technique that effectively gives a personal treatment for cancer has been found by scientists. early experiments have demonstrated that the new method could revolutionise cancer care. scientists have found a system of priming the body 's immune system to recognise , attack and kill off cancerous cells in lung , skin and bowel tumours. the team which carried out the research found that early trials ` profoundly retarded ' tumour growth in mice.
centennial , colorado -lrb- cnn -rrb- after months of intensive questioning , a jury has finally been picked for the trial of colorado movie theater massacre suspect james holmes. jury selection started in january with 9,000 potential jurors. but the legal wrangling is the case is just revving up. holmes ' defense attorneys asked for a change of venue after the jury was seated tuesday. the judge denied their request , noting that a jury had already been seated. opening statements in the trial are scheduled to begin on april 27. holmes is accused of killing 12 people and injuring 70 others when he allegedly opened fire inside a packed theater during the midnight showing of `` the dark knight rises '' on july 20 , 2012.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- i 'm haunted by the video of officer michael slager firing eight shots at walter scott as he fled his encounter with north charleston police -- his back turned to the officer. i understand why people are skeptical of self-defense claims -- especially from law enforcement. as a defense attorney , i am more sensitive than anyone to the assumption of innocence for those accused of a crime , but this single piece of evidence -- a video of a man shot in the back while in full retreat -- defies any reasonable explanation. however , there is another camera that -- had it been deployed -- might have prevented the entire tragedy : a police body camera.
as the election gets underway the gloves have come off between the main parties , and for three frontbenchers the tops have come off as well. tory health minister dan poulter , lib dem minister tom brake and labour frontbencher gavin shuker imposed strict cuts on their calories and put themselves at the mercy of a personal trainer for men 's health magazine. scroll down for video. health minister dan poulter saw his weight fell from 105kg to 102.5 kg , losing two inches off his 35in waist. his body fat fell from 24 per cent to 18 per cent. skipping breakfast , grabbing lunch on the go and late nights in parliament 's bars and restaurants can take its toll on mps when they arrive in westminster.
arguments on tuesday over same-sex marriage will cap more than. verge of declaring gay marriage legal nationwide. justice anthony kennedy , the court 's pivotal member on gay. 2013 , rejecting a legal definition of marriage limited to a man. and woman for purposes of federal benefits , kennedy deplored. that u.s. law for making gay marriages ` unequal. ' scroll down for video. a moment in history : people line up outside the supreme court in washington april 26 ahead of tuesday 's arguments focusing on gay marriage. that 5-4 decision did not address a constitutional right to. same-sex marriage , but lower court judges interpreted the ruling.
the beloved , traditional anzac biscuit recipe is a simple one that features rolled oats , desiccated coconut , and golden syrup as the primary ingredients. but with so many different food tribes competing for prominence these days , be it sugar-free , raw , paleo , or #foodporn , the time-honoured recipe may not quite cut if for you and your family on april 25. femail asked well-known food authors to contribute their spin on the classic anzac biscuit recipe , from sugar-free , to a pimped-up chocolate and macadamia version ... and even a raw recipe. sugar-free anzac biscuits by sarah wilson , i quit sugar.
but these days it seems you are just as likely to come across cetaphil in the beauty cupboards of the rich and famous. it has emerged that the cleanser is responsible for the glowing skin of a host of stars including britain 's got talent judge amanda holden and actresses charlize theron and olivia wilde. scroll down for video. celebrity favourite : it has emerged that cetaphil is responsible for the glowing skin of a host of stars including britain 's got talent judge amanda holden -lrb- left -rrb- and actresses charlize theron -lrb- right -rrb- and olivia wilde. cetaphil gentle cleanser , which currently costs # 6.74 at boots and is also stocked in pharmacies such as lloyds and online on amazon , is fragrance and soap free and contains just eight ingredients , which makes it less harsh on the skin than other facewashes containing long lists of chemicals.
but chilly temperatures in the northeast have kept snow on the ground well into april. one family on new york 's long island were even able to keep a snowman alive until this weekend , when their frosty finally melted in 70-degree temperatures. scroll down for video. until next year ! a family on new york 's long island tried to keep this snowman alive for as long as possible , but the frosty melted this weekend when 70-degree temperatures hit the area. remnants : the fregoe family took a small ball of ice from the snowman to store in the freezer until next winter , when he will come to life again.
a couple from louisville kentucky shared the tragic story of how they accidentally killed their 18-month-old son on thursday. brian bayers tearfully told wave how he was preparing to take his son back to day-care on february 13 when he went outside to warm up his truck and drive it closer to the house. scroll down for video. tearful memory : brian bayers tearfully recalled how he accidentally backed over his 18-month-old son. shattered : brian and amanda bayers are heartbroken after accidentally killing their son jackson in february. crushed : jackson was hit by the front wheels of the vehicle backing up and when the front wheels back around , he essentially walked right into the side of the vehicle.
forget sunbathing , now you can spend your holiday learning to strip. burlesque queen dita von teese is offering burlesque workshops at canyon ranch , a luxury health resort in tucson , arizona. dita von teese will offer guests at the canyon ranch an insight into the glamorous world of burlesque. von teese , real name heather renée sweet , will team up with burlesque teacher catherine d'lish , to offer ranch guests a striptease workshop. from june 8 until june 12 , holidaymakers to the ranch - more famous for holistic body treatments than nipple tassels - can learn classic moves such as the ` burlesque strut ' as well as how to artfully remove garters , gloves and stockings.
last weekend , as baltimore reacted to the death of freddie gray , the young man who died last week from a spinal cord injury he suffered while in police custody , major league baseball had a problem on its hands. saturday 's game between the orioles and red sox had gone into extra innings in camden yards , with plenty of fans for both teams glued to their seats. boston fans feel at home in oriole park -- a so-called retro urban park built to embrace the luxuries of modern stadiums while maintaining that nostalgic feel -- because much of it was based on boston 's fenway park.
chelsea match-winner cesc fabregas hailed a vital win after his late goal gave his side a 1-0 victory over qpr at loftus road. the game looked to be heading for a stalemate before fabregas ' 88th minute shot - their first on target in the game - found its way past rob green. the win moved jose mourinho 's men seven points clear at the top of the table and fabregas admitted it was an important goal. midfielder cesc fabregas runs away in celebration having scored a vital winner in the 88th minute. we know that we are playing for the most important trophy of the season , ' the midfielder told sky sports.
leicester 's premier league forecast has looked gloomy for some considerable time , but jamie vardy 's stoppage time winner at the hawthorns suddenly offers a sunnier outlook. ' leicester have appeared doomed to relegation for months , cemented to the bottom of the table since november. jamie vardy scored an injury-time winner to improve his side 's slim chance of premier league survival. vardy celebrates in front of the travelling away fans after hitting the winner against west bromwich albion. vardy struck past west brom goalkeeper boaz myhill during the closing stages of the clash on saturday. west brom -lrb- 4-4-2 -rrb- : myhill 5.5 ; dawson 5 , mcauley 5 , lescott 5.5 , brunt 6 ; gardner 6.5 -lrb- olsson 73 , 5 -rrb- , yacob 6 , fletcher 7 , morrison 6.5 -lrb- sessegnon 85 -rrb- ; ideye 5 -lrb- anichebe 60 , 5 -rrb- , berahino 5.
the teenage daughter of assassinated russian opposition leader boris nemtsov has started a modelling career reportedly as a way of helping her to overcome her father 's death. dina nemtsova , 13 , made her debut in a photoshoot with russian fashion label yulia prohorova white zoloto. scroll down for video. debut : dina nemtsova -lrb- left -rrb- , the teenage daughter of assassinated russian opposition leader boris nemtsov , is pictured with her mother ekaterina odintsova in a fashion shoot after embarking on a modelling career. glamorous : dina has appeared in a photoshoot for fashion label yulia prohorova white zoloto.
david cameron took on church of england bishops yesterday after they questioned the morality of his austerity and welfare policies. in an easter message to christians , the prime minister insisted the coalition had spent five years ` trying to lift people up ' by making work pay and encouraging responsibility. scroll down for video. trip with george : prime minister david cameron visited marston 's brewery in wolverhampton yesterday. statement : in an easter message to christians , the prime minister insisted the coalition had spent five years ` trying to lift people up ' by making work pay and encouraging responsibility.
the former navy seal who killed osama bin laden will host a ` machine gun fun ' shooting competition at a conservative fundraising event which costs $ 50,000 a ticket. robert o'neill , who claims the distinction of personally shooting dead the al qaeda leader , will treat specially-invited guests to a weekend shooting retreat in jackson hole , wyoming. citing ` security reasons ' , the invitation , acquired by the washington post , did not say exactly when the event would be - but was clear about the hefty price tag. for their substantial donation , guests will be put up in the amangani resort hotel , a sprawling luxury complex perched in the rocky mountains , on the edge of the grand teton national park.
the secret service will have to drive scooby one and scooby two back to chappaqua without hillary clinton riding shotgun. a united airlines regional jet carried her back to the east coast on thursday from the omaha , nebraska airport. her flight was bound for newark , new jersey , the major airport most convenient to her spacious chappaqua , new york home. a reporter with the liberal news outlet vox tweeted a photo of clinton toting her own luggage on thursday in omaha. she 's just like us ? a town car sedan -lrb- right -rrb- met mrs. clinton on the tarmac in newark on thursday , flanked by police and secret service vehicles.
david bowie , who performed an alien in the cult classic film the man who fell to earth , has composed music for a new stage version in new york. based on the novel by walter tevis , the 1976 film starred bowie as a humanoid who lands on earth in search of water for his parched planet and becomes enamored with alcohol and television. flashback : david bowie is returning to the man who fell to earth by penning a new stage version and original songs for a production on new york 's broadway later this year. the 1976 cult film marked his debut in movies.
they 're two of the uks best loved celebrities so it 's little wonder than david beckham and holly willoughby have been voted the stars we 'd most like to have as our parents. in a new survey by ripley 's believe it or not ! david , the former england captain , obe and goodwill ambassador for unicef has been voted to be the number one celebrity figure brits would love to have as a dad. a new survey by ripley 's believe it or not has shown who we would most like to be in our dream celebrity family.
feeling grateful can improve the health of our hearts , according to a new study. researchers found that heart patients who expressed gratitude for the positive things in their life had improved mental , and ultimately physical , health. the study involved men and women who had been diagnosed with stage b heart failure. heart patients who expressed gratitude for the positive things in their life had better mental and physical health , a study found. stage b is where patients have developed structural heart disease - they may , for example , have had a heart attack that damaged the heart - but do not show symptoms of heart failure , such as shortness of breath or fatigue.
a seven-year-old british boy has fallen 160ft to his death from a cliff in the alps after becoming separated from his family on a skiing holiday. the welsh schoolboy , who was formally named by police today , was holidaying in the french resort of flaine with his mother ceri , elder brother gerwyn , 19 , and nine-year-old sister antonia when the accident took place. a seven-year-old british boy has died after getting separated from his parents on a family skiing holiday in the french resort of flaine near geneva -lrb- pictured above -rrb-. he fell down a 160ft cliff after trying to find his parents.
however one artistic soul proved there are still simple ways to make the mundane interesting when he used four plastic cups and a marker pen to create something truly unique. filming a demonstration of his creation , the video maker and artist holds up two see-through plastic cups that he has stacked into one another. the video maker holds two stacked cups up to the camera and rotates through the various hairstyles. drawn on the inside cup is a head and a torso and pictured on the outside cup are a selection of haircuts. rotating the outer cup , the man brings the numerous haircuts , which include a mohawk , short hair with a beard , a quiff and brushed hair with a moustache , into alignment with the head.
' she even goes as far as to require that her guests include a receipt with their gifts so that she can get the full value back if she needs to return them. a mum has come under fire for sending out invitations to her son 's first birthday in which she lists very specific requests - including some quite large and expensive gifts. the invite was shared on reddit. the recipient of the email , who deleted the child 's name from the email , labelled the post ` most demanding 1st birthday invite ever ' , sparking an online backlash against the pushy mum.
ben hogan did it with his one and only appearance at the open championship. tiger woods achieved it at the home of golf. and now rory mcilroy has the chance to join the exalted company of just five men at augusta national , of all places. as woods put it : ` where better could you ask for than to complete it here ? ' rory mcilroy tees off on the first during his practice round ahead of the 2015 masters on thursday. mcilroy is targeting his third major title and the completion of his career grand slam at augusta. mcilroy -lrb- left -rrb- chats with tiger woods , who is ranked 111th in the world at present , at the course on wednesday.
the certificate documents my successful completion of the dc special flight rules area , or sfra , online course. the online course verifies that i am knowledgeable to fly a plane under visual flight rules into the most highly restricted u.s. airspace in the country. although a `` no-fly zone '' over the white house has long existed , the sfra airspace was developed to protect the washington area further after the 9/11 terrorist attacks. the size of the sfra airspace is designed to be large enough to give our defense forces enough time to determine if a threat exists from an aircraft entering it , an opportunity to identify the threat , and if necessary , to divert or eliminate it.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- kayahan , one of turkey 's best-loved singers and songwriters , died of cancer friday at the age of 66. the performer , who was also an accomplished guitarist , was first diagnosed with cancer in 1990 , the year he competed in the eurovision song contest , and the year before he released the album that ignited his career. the cancer returned in 2005 and then again in 2014 , turkey 's semiofficial anadolu agency reported. he died friday in a hospital in istanbul , five days after his 66th birthday. `` we are in grief over losing kayahan , who contributed to turkish music with countless compositions and marked a generation with his songs , '' prime minister ahmet davutoglu tweeted.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- for superhero fans , the cup runneth over. most of us know the members of the avengers by now : iron man , captain america , hulk and the rest , and the fact that a few more like quicksilver are joining the cast in the `` avengers : age of ultron '' sequel. but there was one character who remained a mystery : the vision , to be played by paul bettany. with less than a month to go before the movie hits theaters , marvel studios put all the speculation to rest with a poster featuring bettany as the heroic android , who was a member of the superhero group for many years in the comics.
the world 's largest cattle station is for sale , and it 's larger than israel. according to the abc , the largest of the stations is anna creek station in south australia which covers an enormous 23,000 square kilometres. the eleven cattle farms cover over 100,000 square kilometres and are being sold by the family business s. kidman and co.. the world 's largest cattle station is for sale in anna creek south australia and it 's bigger than israel. all of the farms include the original equipment as well as the stock which is a beneficial deal with the 11 properties currently have 155,000 branded cattle with 30,000 more calves on the way.
helen dunn , 78 , was n't ever expecting to relive her daring past , but was surprised when she opened a copy of the sunday mercury newspaper to find a photo of herself starring back. the mother-of-two and grandmother , from stourbridge , west midlands , was flicking through the newspaper when she spotted herself on the cover of a raunchy lads ' mag from 1955. helen dunn , 78 , was shocked to discover her cover images for vintage lads mag span , when she opened the sunday mercury newspaper. the cover was featured as a part of collector tim beddow 's ` antiques rudeshow ' collection of 700 vintage men 's mags , the birmingham mail reports.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- cynthia lennon , who married john lennon when he was a struggling musician and was there when he rose to fame with the beatles , died wednesday , according to a post on the website of her son , julian. `` cynthia lennon passed away today at her home in mallorca , spain , following a short but brave battle with cancer. her son julian lennon was at her bedside throughout , '' his website says. '' john and cynthia lennon were married for six years , from 1962 to 1968. cynthia lennon , born cynthia powell in 1939 , was a stabilizing force for the young john , who lost his mother when he was a teenager and was raised by his aunt mimi.
harper lee was not manipulated into publishing her sequel to to kill a mockingbird , and is not an elder abuse victim , according to an official probe. many feared outside influences were at play as lee , who lives in an nursing home in monroeville , alabama , had said for decades she wanted to kill a mockingbird to be her only published novel. scroll down for video. of sound mind : investigators concluded that harper lee , pictured above in 2009 , is in a fit state to make decisions about the future of the forthcoming novel go set a watchman.
but on tuesday , kim kardashian was cropped out of a photo for what may be the first time ever. the 34-year-old reality tv star was captured dining in a non-kosher restaurant in the holy land alongside her husband , rapper kanye west , 37 , and jerusalem 's mayor , nir barkat , on monday. following the outing , mr barkat posted a photo of him and the famous couple on his twitter page , writing that he had joined kanye and kim ` to toast and celebrate hosting them in our beautiful city. scroll down for video. cropped out : on tuesday , kim kardashian was removed from this photo of her dining at a non-kosher venue with her husband , kanye west , and jerusalem 's mayor , nir barkat , by the ultra-orthodox news site , hakikar.
curiosity nearly got the better of this cat ! carol bennett-chevereau from quebec , canada , filmed her pet moggy getting up to mischievous as he investigated a row of empty suitcases. but footage shows his adventuring took a turn for the worse with him plunging headfirst into one bag and struggling to get free. he is seen desperately pedaling his back legs through the air with the rest of his body trapped. he looks a little dazed and confused as he regains balance. the cat 's owner said the incident made her laugh. luckily , the puss still has eight lives left to spare ... up to no good : carol bennett-chevereau from quebec , canada , filmed her pet moggy getting up to mischievous as he investigated a row of empty suitcases.
but one dog was caught lapping up all the fun at a public play area in brooklyn , new york , over the weekend. lihi yona filmed the black pup enthusiastically jumping around in time to the squirts of water. each time the water sprays , the canine flies through the air. his bemused owner can be seen standing at the sidelines holding on to the pup 's leash. other bystanders are heard laughing in the background as they watch the animal in action. after almost a minute the dog shows no sign of slowing down and he continues to bounce around.
ryan bertrand took to instagram to upload a snap of himself and his daughter in their matching cars - admittedly , however , one of them probably is n't road legal. the 25-year-old southampton left back got his little girl a red ferrari just like his own , before posing with the pair of them outside their home. bertrand is enjoying an excellent season on the south coast , making 26 premier league appearances since his summer switch from chelsea - initially a loan deal that was made permanent in february. he has been one of their stars of the season as ronald koeman 's side currently sit sixth in the premier league , an impressive feat considering they were widely tipped for relegation at the beginning of the campaign.
the new marvels movie , the avengers : age of ultron , is sure to wow the crowds at the cinema but the exclusive clothing line produced by a little-known brisbane is already lining the owner 's pockets. with a range of almost 50 garments dedicated to the movie , ranging in price from $ 45 to $ 100 , estimates from industry insiders suggest the coup by the queensland clothes-horse last year to win the lucrative marvels contract , will be worth tens of millions of dollars to the one-time backyard operation. scroll down for videos. the brisbane designer is already raking in millions on the back of hollywood 's blockbuster moving ` the avengers : age of ultron '.
a georgia man who went missing in early january and was discovered dead in a lake a month later suffered a gunshot wound and drowned , it has been revealed. kelly nash , 25 , was last seen alive in the early hours of january 5 when he woke up coughing and sneezing , and told his girlfriend , jessica sexton , he was not feeling well. sad end : kelly nash -lrb- left -rrb- , 25 , went missing from his georgia home january 5. following an exhaustive search , he was found drowned in a lake a month later.
she 's the clean eating food lover who has more than 102,000 followers on instagram thanks to her healthy and delicious looking meals. but she has a secret weapon that most food bloggers do n't have - when people are n't obsessing over her recipes , they 're checking out her rock-hard abs. scroll down for video. over the last year alice -lrb- pictured before , left , and after , right -rrb- has completely transformed her body with the help of healthy eating and the ldn muscle bikini guide. alice liveing , from gerrards cross , buckinghamshire , began her healthy journey just over a year ago.
a company has released matches that continue to burn even when submerged in water or buried underground in dirt. the uco stormproof matches are made using an incredibly tough coating that smoulders no matter what happens to them and will start burning again once they come into contact with oxygen. scroll down for video. indestructable : the uco stormproof matches -lrb- pictured -rrb- are made using an incredibly tough coating that smoulders no matter what happens to it and will start burning again once it comes into contact with oxygen. the stormproof matches are made by uco which has been making outdoor accessories for the past 44 years.
stranded residents of last week 's devastating floods , who were unable to cross the water to attend an anzac day memorial service , were thrilled after a cornet player treated them to a rendition of the last post from the water 's edge. maitland local karen newton , a teacher and former professional musician , had just finished playing at the kurri kurri dawn service and was on her way to gillieston heights to deliver food to the victims of the floods. scroll down for video. maitland local karen newton -lrb- pictured -rrb- performed an impromptu rendition of the last post to stranded residents of gillieston heights.
floyd mayweather jnr recalls the reaction of his friends on the day he set himself up as an independent boxing business and told them : ` the time will come when i make a hundred million dollars in one night. ' that was when he broke away from bob arum , who is the promoter of the other combatant in the richest fight of all time. manny pacquiao will also earn more than $ 100million in las vegas on may 2. but mayweather takes special pride in being his own boss as they break the boxing bank. floyd mayweather hits the pads with his uncle roger during a media workout at his las vegas gym.
david cameron -lrb- pictured -rrb- said he knows that when it comes to immigration , ` fears and worries ' remain. let me reassure you , i know that when it comes to immigration , fears and worries remain. i am not one of those politicians who says they ` get ' how people feel about immigration then speaks differently in private. fake colleges , bogus visas , wide open loopholes , the wrong welfare incentives , sham marriages , an abject failure to deport foreign criminals , migrants bringing family members to britain even if they could n't speak a word of english -- a litany of failure.
raheem sterling has been pictured smoking a shisha pipe with liverpool team-mate jordon ibe but is not the first premier league star to have been involved such controversy. raheem sterling has been pictured smoking a shisha pipe with team-mate jordon ibe earlier this season. jack wilshere. three times the arsenal midfielder has found himself under fire amid a smoking row. in 2013 he was spotted outside a london nightclub with a cigarette in his mouth and was pictured smoking in a swimming pool in las vegas a year later. and earlier this year he was photographed holding a shisha pipe during a night out in london.
when it comes to getting a stunning view of new york , most people would be content with taking a trip to the top of the empire state building. many of the 18-year-old 's vertigo-inducing images , which include some shot 72 storeys above street level , show his feet dangling hundreds of feet above the city streets below in his trademark turquoise trainers. scroll down for video. dizzying : these images were all captured by a new york teenager who goes by the name of dark.cyanide and scales some of the city 's tallest buildings in search of the perfect view.
taubman , a real estate developer who helped change the face of suburban life by popularizing upscale indoor shopping malls , died friday at the age of 91. the announcement was made by his son , robert taubman , the chairman , president and chief executive officer of taubman centers inc. , the company his father founded 65 years ago. a. alfred taubman -- his first name was adolph -- was born january 31 , 1924 , in michigan to german jewish immigrants who hit hard times during the great depression. '' an army air force veteran of world war ii , he studied architecture at the university of michigan and lawrence institute of technology near detroit , and worked for an architectural firm , but decided that drawing was n't the path to success.
andrew sadek 's body was found in a river with a bullet to the head nearly two months after going missing in may 2014. tammy sadek believes the answer is that her 20-year-old son signed his own death warrant when he agreed to become a confidential informant for police after they caught him selling marijuana. authorities say he knew what he was getting into and agreed to help them of his own free will. ` he was a gentle soul , ' said kristi brandt , principal of valley city high school , from which sadek graduated. investigators have n't concluded whether sadek was slain or killed himself.
the lunar event - where earth 's shadow completely blocks the moon - lasted only five minutes , making it the shortest eclipse of the century , nasa said. the so-called ` blood moon ' could be seen by billions of people across the western u.s. , canada and australia. scroll down for video. blood moon : skygazers in the western u.s. , canada , australia and new zealand were treated to a total eclipse of the moon before dawn on saturday -lrb- pictured over new zealand -rrb-. the eclipse is the third in a series of four blood moons , with the final one expected on september 28.
nicole kidman , naomi watts , geoffrey rush and joel edgerton have all made significant contributions to australia through film and television that will no doubt last a lifetime. as australia prepares to commemorate the anzac centenary on saturday , the service records belonging to two of edgerton 's great grand-uncles show they were on the battlefield in gallipoli 100 years ago. scroll down for video. edgerton 's great grand-uncles , simon phillip comerford and laurence william comerford , both served in the same unit as transport drivers of the 18th battalion in the 5th brigade in gallipoli in 1915. according to his service record , simon fought in gallipoli in august 1915.
christine carriage , 67 , -lrb- pictured -rrb- was handed a six-month suspended sentence at norwich crown court. a grandmother hoarded 1,300 items of stolen clothing in her tiny bungalow -- which police said was like a ` warehouse '. officers raiding christine carriage 's one-bedroom home found that 340 of the stolen items still had price tags on. a total of 1,337 items of clothing , shoes and handbags -- valued at # 5,620 -- were seized by police from the home in bowthorpe , norwich , on november 4 , 2013. each room was packed. ' on wednesday , carriage admitted acquiring , using or possessing criminal property.
a woman is in a critical condition after falling 30 metres from the highest lookout in blue mountains when she slipped trying to retrieve her mobile phone. the 44-year-old , named by locals as donna christie , slipped and fell from hassans fall lookout at lithgow on tuesday afternoon , the abc reports. the 44-year-old , named by locals as donna christie , slipped and fell from hassans fall lookout at lithgow on tuesday afternoon. she is believed to have suffered serious head , spinal and chest injuries when she plunged 30 metres. her friend raised the alarm and it took two hours for police , paramedics and the lithgow volunteer rescue squad to rescue the woman.
the hit us tv series house of cards features francis underwood , played by kevin spacey , and his wife claire , played by robin wright. lunch is never just lunch when you 're dining in the shadow of capitol hill. i 'd come to washington to learn some tricks from house of cards -- the hit us political tv series starring kevin spacey as francis underwood -- on how best to neutralise your opponents. america 's capital is filled with underwood wannabes : senators and governors with razor tongues and egos to match. the capital grille is a favoured venue for political plots.
it 's truly squeaky bum time in the premier league relegation battle as just nine points separates the bottom seven teams. question : ` what will it take for your club to stay in the premier league ? ' chris ramsey -lrb- qpr -rrb-. it might take less. ' qpr manager chris ramsey -lrb- centre -rrb- feels they will avoid relegation if they win three more league games. tim sherwood -lrb- aston villa -rrb-. ' tim sherwood -lrb- left -rrb- believes his appointment at aston villa has given them a lot of belief and confidence. we 've got players in decent form.
the 62-year-old had all of his personal identification stolen - so struggled to apply for a place at a homeless shelter. but when a cop and his case manger looked into his past , they found a previously lost bank account with money and enough social security benefits to buy his own house. scroll down for video. john helinski , 62 , spent three years living in a cardboard box on the streets of tampa bay. he then tried to apply for a place at a homeless shelter , but struggled because all of his personal identification had been stolen. a cop and a case manager then looked into his past , and were able to retrieve his social security number and his driver 's licence.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- do you remember the talk about plans for iraqi-led force to try to take back mosul this spring ? well , you might want to forget it. nearly three months after a u.s. official said up to 25,000 iraqis troops were expected to return to the key northern iraqi city in april or may , a senior official in president barack obama 's administration said thursday that washington is `` not putting a timeframe on '' a possible invasion. mosul has long been the big prize in the iraqi government 's fight -- aided by a u.s.-led military coalition , which has carried out airstrikes for months -- to defeat isis.
with every new milestone , many may find themselves nostalgically looking back upon their life and career choices. but this affects women more so than men , a new survey has revealed. a new survey has revealed that women regret their career choices more than men. according to specialist travel agency planet cruise , women regret their career choices more so than men. just under half -lrb- 47 per cent -rrb- of women aged over 55 expressed disappointment over their decisions , compared to just 40 per cent of men. more alarming is the fact that nearly half of women -lrb- 47 per cent -rrb- surveyed admitted that they have suffered from a mental illness or negative feelings towards their roles.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- hillary clinton finally answered the question we 've all been asking for years : will she run for president in 2016 ? with official news of her candidacy just hours old , one thing is already crystal clear : for the next year and a half , clinton will be the barometer by which we assess gender equality in the united states. granted , 80 % of elected officials throughout the country will still be men. women will continue to be less likely than men even to consider running for office. and pay inequities , sexual assault and human trafficking will persist as challenges that no one person can solve , no matter how hard clinton might try.
the world 's largest sperm bank is relocating next to one of the country 's largest universities in order to tap into ` the abundant donor opportunities '. cryos international , an online sperm bank , is moving its offices from new york to the central florida research park in orlando , right next to the university of central florida. cryos international , the ` world 's largest sperm bank ' , is relocating from its offices in new york to this research park in florida -lrb- pictured -rrb- , which is yards away from one of the country 's biggest universities.
this is the heartwarming moment a military father springs an elaborate homecoming surprise on his eight-year-old son by photobombing his class picture. ` daddy ! ' joshua exclaims , as he runs towards his father and gives him a big hug. scroll down for video. caught on camera : this is the emotional moment a military father springs an elaborate homecoming surprise on his eight-year-old son by photobombing his school picture. emotional moment : ` daddy ! ' joshua exclaims as he runs towards his father and gives him a big hug. lifetime memories : no doubt joshua will treasure his photobombed school picture for years to come.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- it 's the kind of thing you see in movies , like robert redford 's role in `` all is lost '' or ang lee 's `` life of pi. '' but , in real life , it 's hard to swallow the idea of a single person being stranded at sea for days , weeks , if not months and somehow living to talk about it. louis jordan says that he set off on his 35-foot sailboat from south carolina in late january. rescued man says he is ` utterly thankful ' not only did his boat capsize , but its mast broke , jordan said.
a host of the nation 's favourite stars have been announced to perform at a concert to mark the 70th anniversary of ve day. status quo , katherine jenkins and west end star elaine paige will perform at the event. it is set to be one of the highlights of a three-day commemoration of the end of the second world war , running from friday , may 8 to sunday , may 10. concert : status quo will perform at the event marking the 70th anniversary of ve day. the 1940s-themed concert will take place on saturday 9 and will be broadcast on bbc1 , hosted by chris evans.
these are the incredible shots of the american southwest that a photographer captured with a fairly common lens - that of his iphone , to be exact. armed with just his phone and a sleeping bag , kevin russ hopped trains , dumpster dived for leftovers and slept in ditches as he photographed the lifestyle of a nomad down south. scroll down for video. austin , texas : these are the incredible shots of the american southwest that kevin russ has captured with just his iphone. a nap in texas : armed with just his phone and a sleeping bag , russ hopped trains , dumpster dived for leftovers and slept in ditches as he photographed the lifestyle of a nomad down south.
her little boy defied the odds - as well as doctors ' warnings - that he had no chance of survival. benjamin was born 12 weeks early , weighing 1lb 3oz , little more than a bag of sugar. he suffered five cardiac arrests and was born with a bowel problem requiring two emergency operations. benjamin astbury , who doctors said would not survive after he was born , has defied the odds and is about to celebrate his first birthday. when he was born 12 weeks early , benjamin weighed just 1lb 30z , little more than a bag of sugar.
he 's protected russell crowe , naomi campbell and aerosmith rocker steve tyler , and now cengiz guven is protecting australian travellers at gallipoli. mr guven is the supervisor of site security at lone pine , the hilltop battlefield cemetery that will host the second australian dawn service on anzac day. and while there have been questions about security at gallipoli following recent terror arrests in australia and ongoing instability in syria , mr guven is quietly confident. ` the army is here , we are here. cengiz güven -lrb- left -rrb- with actor russell crowe in istanbul during the premiere of crowe 's film the water divider.
a young indonesian man has cheated death after stowing himself away in the wheel housing of a jet which flew for an hour in freezing temperatures. mario ambarita , 21 , took chances with his life when he clambered into the wheel housing of the garuda indonesia flight which took off from the main island of sumatra and flew at 34,000 ft to jakarta. mario ambarita , pictured , clambered into the wheel housing of the garuda indonesia flight which took off from the main island of sumatra and flew at 34,000 ft to jakarta. he had climbed into the wheel housing when the aircraft stopped at the end of the runway in pekan baru , sumatra , during a scheduled touch down to pick up passengers.
elderflower fields festival will be held in the idyllic setting of pippingford park for the second year running. the independent festival was created in 2012 by a small team of friends to provide the perfect environment for kids and grown-ups to fully escape for a weekend. now entering its fourth year , elderflower fields builds upon the winning formula of a festival designed especially for families with children. so says nigel greenwood , cofounder of so sussex , the organisation responsible for creating the festival. the view from the back : the tones played in 2012 to an appreciative crowd. '' so what can festival goers expect in 2015 ? `` elderflower fields prides itself on booking the best up and coming new bands and performers and providing opportunities for young people to engage in and be inspired by music , '' says greenwood.
a pre-med student in new york city is taking microscopic images of diseases and other biological structures and turning them into prints for her innovative new athletic apparel and accessories line. lizzie cochran , a student at columbia university , has launched a kickstarter campaign to fund her upcoming fashion line epidemia designs , which she came up with after spending days upon days staring at cells through microscopes in her biology classes , and then spotting an article on epidemics that displayed images of deadly diseases from recent history. ' scroll down for video. from the microscope to the mat : proposed clothing line epidemia will take images from biology and print them on eye-catching active apparel.
but since march the soft drink company has been putting scarlet tops on diet coke as well - causing consternation for fans of the zero calorie , zero sugar version. scroll down for video. diet coke bottles like this one now have red lids just like regular coke - causing a headache for some fans. coke has switched all the lids on its 500ml bottles to red to ` help make our consumers aware of the full choice available to them within the coca-cola range ' fans have taken to twitter to express their discontent at the changes , which have left many a bit confused.
lindsay lohan has been living in london for the past year and says she likes it so much , she does n't see herself returning to the states any time soon. the 28-year-old flame-haired beauty recently spent a stint on the stage , starring in a west end production of david mamet 's speed the plow - for which she received lukewarm reviews - and seems intent on remaining in the uk for the foreseeable future. ' scroll down for video. staying put : lindsay lohan says she feels ` at home ' in london and has no plans to return to the states just yet.
a car repair shop worker has been suspended after telling a customer 's husband he needed to ` get her in check before there 's a big f *** ing problem ' in a profane and threatening voicemail. kyle kandrick was suspended from the maaco auto body shop in hagerstown , maryland after ella may rudd posted the voicemail left for her husband on facebook. ' scroll down for video. ella may rudd points to the leak on her hummer h2 that she was trying to have repaired at a maaco auto body shop in haggerstown , maryland , before co-owner kyle kandrick left a threatening voicemail for her husband.
but in a bid to shed its image as the home of the mundane run-around , the company has launched its very own supercar. with the first models already shipped to china , the gt , will be unrolled across europe next year. while ford has refused to officially confirm its price , bosses have indicated it will run alongside the # 260,000 lamborghini aventador. to herald its launch , the company 's design team have created a stunning light sculpture which showcases how they came about creating the prototype. ford showcased its # 260,000 gt in a stunning light installation in the heart of milan as the first models are shipped to china.
aston villa shocked liverpool to reach the fa cup final to take on arsenal in may. philippe coutinho fired liverpool ahead with a smart chip before a long range chrisitan benteke strike equalised for aston villa. tim sherwood 's side moved into the lead thanks to a solo effort from fabian delph and held on for the famous victory. here , sportsmail 's laurie whitwell rates the players ' performances at wembley stadium. the aston villa players celebrate after fabian delph -lrb- centre -rrb- fires tim sherwood 's side into the lead. could not do anything to prevent coutinho 's deflected goal , in the second-half claimed balls with confidence to sweep away worries.
the war widows - who were much younger than their returned servicemen husbands - will be the guests of honour at the gallipoli dawn service on saturday. as she landed , she did n't feel so well and had to see the doctor. scroll down for video. jean pockett , the widow of private arthur herbert pockett , is one of 10 war widows brought to gallipoli by the department of veteran 's affairs for anzac day this saturday on the gallipoli peninsular. married life taught mrs pockett about the difficulties faced by war widows , who have often given so much to support men left damaged by war.
a period of striving came to an end for liverpool and brendan rodgers at the emirates on saturday. the manager 's 15-minute press conference , where he conceded that his team 's chances of qualifying for the champions league were over , was a requiem for lost opportunities. the liverpool manager does not do disconsolate. after their heroic tilt at the title last year , liverpool have slipped out of contention. it still feels as if liverpool are moving forward under rodgers. but there is no disguising the fact that this is an uncomfortable , uncertain time for the manager and his players.
sportsmail 's derek lawrenson gives his predictions ahead of the 79th masters at augusta on thursday. time for him to prove he can match his gargantuan yardage off the tee with the requisite amount of brain cells. dustin johnson watches his tee shot during a practice round on the augusta course on wednesday. henrik stenson has only recently recovered from flu but the swede will be hoping to mount a serious challenge. lee westwood has got an impressive recent record at augusta and justin rose has shown he can play well here. you can hardly have faith in adam scott to emulate bubba watson and win a second masters in three years given he 's confused enough on the greens to be going back to the long putter.
sanaa , yemen -lrb- cnn -rrb- as soon as the buses parked , the people scrambled onto the airport tarmac. only carry-on luggage was allowed on this air india plane. the passengers were mostly indian nationals , plus yemenis and people from other countries who had been working in yemen 's capital , sanaa. the stress of living in a war zone showed on the passengers ' faces. they climbed the steps to the airliner and were greeted by the air india crew , all wearing pressed uniforms , the flight attendants fully made up. after takeoff , the flight attendants went up and down the aisle offering drinks to the 188 evacuees as if they were on a vacation flight.
dustin wayne south died in louisville , kentucky , on wednesday after police were called to a field where south was seen wielding a gun. a 32-year-old man shot himself in the head during a firefight with police officers in kentucky as horrified witnesses watched the chaotic scene unfold. dustin wayne south died wednesday night at the louisville scene , in a field behind lassiter middle school , a normally peaceful neighborhood in the southern part of the city. two bullets fired by police struck south , but neither was lethal , said jo-ann farmer , chief deputy coroner. he died of a self-inflicted gunshot wound to the head.
i was series adviser and one of many on-camera experts on cnn 's `` finding jesus. anarie kennedy : the copy we have of the gospel of mary magdalene comes from the second century , but is it possible that the gospel itself could be older -lrb- like first century -rrb- ? goodacre : actually , the copy we saw in the show dates from the fifth century. although it 's our most complete manuscript , it is missing several pages. there are two other fragments of the gospel of mary , both in greek , and both dating from the third century.
this adorable dancer 's incredible balancing skills have made her on overnight internet sensation. the talented toddler , believed to be from china and female , carefully balances three small bowls on her head as she performs a series of dance moves to music. tiny dancer : this talented toddler has become an internet sensation in china after the video of her dancing went viral. gaining confidence the tiny dancer drops to floor in a crouch and - for the first time - her carefully balanced crockery gives a wobble. the video has been reposted by numerous chinese video sites after it was first featured on jiangsu satellite tv station in china this week.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- facebook may soon need to add `` just got served divorce papers '' to its list of relationship statuses now that a new york judge has said the social media site is an acceptable way for a brooklyn woman to serve her husband with a summons for divorce. ellanora arthur baidoo has been trying to divorce her husband for several years , according to her attorney , andrew spinnell. baidoo has been able to reach her husband by phone and `` he has told her that he has no fixed address and no place of employment , '' according to court documents.
when the button is clicked , the timer resets and it is not yet known what happens when the clock reaches zero because no-one can resist clicking it. more than 730,285 reddit users have pressed the button -lrb- pictured -rrb- since the california firm launched its r/thebutton thread on april fool 's day. it is not yet known what happens when the timer reaches zero and users can only click the button once. at the time of writing , more than 730,285 reddit users have pressed the button since reddit launched its r/thebutton thread on april fool 's day. only people who registered on the site before this date are eligible to click the button , and when they do they are awarded a colour , known as a ` flair.
amanda knox may have finally cleared her name , but eight years of legal battles have left the seattle native penniless , exhausted and traumatized from stress , claims her biographer. ` in prison , she was threatened with rape from a male guard , it was a really terrible experience , ' says trial by jury author , douglas preston. ' scroll down for video. strain and relief : amanda knox spoke outside her parents ' home on march 27 flanked by her fiancé colin sutherland after she was exonerated for the murder of meredith kercher in november 2007. three weeks after an italian court overturned her conviction for the 2007 murder of british student , meredith kercher , preston told radaronline that knox is living out a bittersweet victory.
and now even the sculptor of the i love lucy statue in celoron , new york , has called it ` by far my most unsettling sculpture ' and six years after it was unveiled has pledged to make a new one for free. but the statue of lucille ball - which was so offensive a facebook page called we love lucy ! get rid of this statue was launched - is n't the only offensive artwork that has missed the mark. scroll down for video. residents of celoron , new york , were understandably disturbed when this statue of lucille ball was unveiled in 2009 sparking a facebook campaign to get it removed , which attracted 600 likes.
global megastar kim kardashian has lifted the lid on what exactly she eats to keep her curvaceous figure in tip-top condition. harpers bazaar magazine has published an extract from the star 's book selfish revealing what she dines on each day. kim has revealed that she changes her food intake every ten days and works with a nutritionist to create meal plans for her and husband kanye west. she said : ` kanye loves to eat really healthy and is always on different diets. ' scroll down for video. in an extract from kim kardashian 's book selfish , the star reveals her daily diet , which includes a breakfast of eggs and a healthy lunch of fish with vegetables.
a beanie believed to have belonged to luke shambrook has been found on the fourth day of the search for the missing 11-year-old. victoria police have confirmed it was located on monday afternoon , west of the devil 's cove and candlebark campsite in lake eildon national park - north-east of melbourne. scroll down for video. luke shambrook was last seen on the national park at 9.30 am on good friday. police remain hopeful they will find the boy who went missing from the campsite on friday. an increased number of police and other emergency crews continue to scour the thick bushland areas around lake eildon.
the australian family of a 21-year-old backpacker who disappeared from a croatian night club in 2008 are hoping to finally find out the truth about how she died. croatian police never solved the mystery of how the student 's body came to be in nearby boninovo bay , where it was found almost three weeks after she disappeared on september 18. her family believes ms lapthorne was murdered , her body weighted down and dumped at sea. it has now emerged a victorian inquest into her death will be closed. britt lapthorne , from melbourne , disappeared in the croatian coastal , tourist town of dubrovnik.
but for those lucky few who travel the world by private jet , the landing fees charged at airports can differ dramatically , with some surprising hubs asking for the highest fees. the high landings fees give an insight into some of the most unexpectedly popular transport hubs for the rich and famous , from salzburg , in austria , to darwin , in australia. owning a private jet is a luxury only afford to the wealthy , and you 'll need to be to continually fork out for landing charges which can reach thousands every time. travelling by private jet is a growing trend , with 2.5 million private flights recorded in the us in 2013 -lrb- the latest statistics -rrb- and 705,000 in europe.
frail and tired of leading a secret life for four decades , 66-year-old clarence david moore called police this week to surrender. the deputy who answered thought it was a prank. moore escaped from police custody three times during the 1970s and eventually settled into a quiet life , living in kentucky since at least 2009. his health is poor from a stroke late last year and he has difficulty speaking. when franklin county sheriff pat melton showed up at moore 's house to make the ` arrest , ' moore was in a hospital bed. he told the sheriff he needed medical help.
stopped by customs officers , oscar wilde notoriously said he had nothing to declare but his genius. john frost says he ` would n't trust a nun with a crutch ' -lrb- stock image -rrb-. during his long career as a customs specialist at london airports , frost has had ` to politely listen to people lying through their teeth at you ' as they attempt to smuggle in snakes , bush meat -lrb- zebra , lion , gorilla -rrb- , combs that double as flick-knives , a monkey sewn into the lining of a coat , another monkey ` disguised as a hairy child ' , corpses ` propped up in a wheelchair wearing wonky sunglasses ' and a box of dry ice containing a man 's buttock , apparently sliced off by a samurai sword.
selfie sticks and extreme sports are not designed to go together , as a snowboarder in japan proved. recording himself from behind , the man begins his descent of the mountain and a skier can be seen just in front of him. weaving down the slope , the snowboarder initially appears to make a success of the video and he even causes the snow to spray in the air while turning. picking up the speed , the man heads in the direction of the chairlifts before moving away again -- adjusting his selfie stick to capture himself from the front in the process.
forget football and females and other traditional pub banter - modern men are more likely to chat about their children over a pint with their friends. those were the findings of more than 70 hours of footage from hidden cameras in one london pub. session : secret cameras at an east london boozer showed that men are more likely to discuss sexual problems and relationship issues than the weekend 's football matches. one man in the lord nelson pub was heard telling his friends how he realised he was gay while dating a married woman. three middle-aged men talked openly about erectile dysfunction and another spoke about his fears about having a kidney transplant.
rafa nadal got his clay court season off to a perfect , confidence-boosting start with a 6-2 , 6-1 win over frenchman lucas pouille in the monte carlo masters. he did n't unleash the full power of his forehand but played sensible , measured tennis and made only five unforced errors in the match. his talented 21-year-old opponent showed flashes of attacking flair , including one outrageous half-volley forehand winner , but was never able to put enough balls in court to trouble the great spaniard. rafael nadal safely made his way into third round of the monte carlo masters with win against lucas pouille.
animal-lovers look away now ! this is the moment a skateboarder bombs down a road at 40mph and collides with a deer head-on as it unexpectedly leaps out. footage shows 27-year-old jared henry of arkansas being knocked off his longboard to the ground while the doe spins on its stomach into a ditch. after coming to a standstill , henry rolls over on the tarmac and opens his mouth in apparent pain. the deer apparently broke its pelvis and died while henry recovered from the incident unscathed. caught on camera : this is the moment a longboarder bombs down a road at 40mph and collides with a deer head-on as it unexpectedly leaps out.
the skeletons were found on top of one another in the tomb from korea 's silla dynasty , leading some experts suggesting that the set-up could even have been designed to show two people having sex. an unusual tomb dating to between the 5th and 6th century seems to hold the remains of two lovers , one of whom may have been killed so the pair could lie together for eternity. here , the bones of the two people can be seen on top of one another , leading some experts to suggest the set-up was designed to imitate sex. archaeologists are almost certain that the tomb was intended for a noblewoman and believe that the man she is lying with may have been killed so he could be buried with her.
this dramatic footage shows a climber as he scales a sheer 60ft rock face in the cairngorms. julian lines was filmed edging towards the top of the cliff - without any equipment to stop him plummeting into the freezing water below. the 42-year-old , who has been solo climbing for almost 30 years , is seen grappling to find handholds and footholds as he edges towards the summit. scroll down for video. edging towards the top : mr lines was captured grappling to find footholds and handholds in the sheer rock face as he scaled the cliff. do n't look down : the solo climber clings to the side of the cliff - hugging his body to the stone - as he climbs further from the freezing water.
a recent survey has revealed that more than half of uk children do n't have any veg , and 44 per cent have no fruit on a daily basis. with childhood obesity on the rise in the uk , these new figures are incredibly alarming. for more than two decades , i 've been in the business of helping children get their daily fill of fruit and veg. it 's easy to become locked in a battle of wills when it comes to dishing up healthy , nutritious food. in fact , it was coming up with these new and novel recipes that inspired me to create my very first book -- complete baby and toddler meal planner.
irish jockey davy condon has been forced to retire from the saddle due to a spinal injury sustained in the grand national earlier this month. condon was riding portrait king in the grand national at aintree when he fell at the third-last , leaving him with a spinal concussion. jockey davy condon suffered spinal concussion in a fall at aintree during the grand national this month. condon had resigned himself to the fact he would be out of action for a lengthy period of time but after seeing a specialist on wednesday he has been advised to call time on his career.
in a joint interview with his high flying lawyer wife miriam gonzalez durantez , nick clegg revealed the balance of power lies where many long suspected : with her. after the last election , mr clegg was given the option of moving his family into a grace-and-favour government mansion - but the move was vetoed by his wife. after controversies over david cameron 's large country kitchen and ed miliband 's small second kitchen , the couple invited the cameras into the kitchen of their # 1.5 million family home in putney , south west london for itv 's tonight programme.
in the search for meaning and importance , the fa cup might have found its saviour. enter liverpool and brendan rodgers , a club and manager not just popping into the party to say a polite hello and a quick goodbye. tonight , against blackburn at ewood park , rodgers faces one of those defining moments in a season that has not lacked them. he loaded for duck on a bear hunt in the champions league against real madrid and lost. he wanted to save his best resources for chelsea and lost that game , too. kolo toure found the net in liverpool 's fa cup clash with blackburn but his effort was ruled out.
a little boy has undergone more than 50 operations to have his entire face painstakingly rebuilt. billy mitchell , now seven , was born with apert syndrome , a rare condition which left him with malformations of the skull , face , hands and feet. billy mitchell , seven , was born with apert syndrome , a rare genetic condition which causes malformations. the surgeries carried risks including meningitis , brain damage , catastrophic bleeding leading to stroke and potentially death , but billy pulled through and now his parents say he absolutely loves his new face. billy 's mother , denise mitchell , 47 , said she knew immediately something was wrong with her son when he was born.
for talented youth team strikers fighting for their big break in the game , goals really are the best currency to convert into those precious first-team minutes. the two 17-year-olds are in the form of their young lives , enhancing their reputations every time they find the net and boosting their chances of jose mourinho handing them some game time once the premier league title has been secured. tammy abraham scores for chelsea during their 3-1 fa youth cup final first leg win against manchester city. striker dominic solanke celebrates after scoring chelsea 's third goal at the academy stadium on monday.
outside one mosque -- mixing with other men desperate for a day 's worth of casual manual labor -- are five men who months ago had one valuable skill nato depended upon : they speak english. they sleep in market stalls , and avoid traveling to see their families in case the threats they face are visited upon them. '' a third man -- all requested anonymity -- says : `` right now i sleep here , on the street , in this mosque area. '' `` we are in prison in afghanistan , '' a fourth says. the u.s. embassy and nato declined to comment for this story.
with his arm around his little sister , both of them looking out at the blue water , it 's an image that shows the unbreakable bond between a brother and sister. piper kulk , 8 , on the right of the family snap caption ` our babies ' , died on sunday morning , hours after the accident on the nsw central coast , when the car being driven by their grandmother , helen boddy , 54 , aqua-planed and swerved into the path of an oncoming ute. piper 's brother william , 9 , on the left of the image , died in hospital on sunday evening.
move over grumpy cat - the latest sourpuss to become an internet sensation is scowling feline pompous albert. the grey cat with tufty hair and a permanent frown , from salt lake city , has already racked up a remarkable 44.1 k followers on instagram. albert , who 's a selkirk rex cat , was also named after his famous lookalike - albert einstein , thanks to his wild locks , which are a trademark of his breed. scroll down for video. the instagram account shows images of albert in a various situations , frowning and glaring at the camera - his feline brow furrowed disapprovingly.
a formerly obese man has revealed how he finally became motivated to lose 160lbs from his 354lbs frame over the course of 20 months , after nearly a lifetime of emotional eating and self-loathing. atlanta-based writer alex gray , 27 , admitted that he once made excuses for his gluttonous habits , which included trips to drive-through restaurants up to four times a day , but it was n't until an obese friend ` unveiled a shockingly svelte silhouette ' that he was inspired to make changes in his own life. being fat sucks. scroll down for video. new man : the writer was pictured at a miami dolphins football game after he lost nearly half of his body weight in 20 months.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- with help from some filmmakers , 102-year-old alice barker went back in time. barker was a dancer in such new york nightspots as the cotton club and the cafe zanzibar in the 1930s and 1940s , part of chorus lines that entertained alongside notables including bill `` bojangles '' robinson and frank sinatra. the ageless dancer was delighted.
a young woman who thought she was doing her grocery alone made a surprising discovery after finding a mildly venomous snake curled up in her shopping trolley. the unnamed woman , from the sunshine coast , found an empty trolley in an underground car park at the supermarket giant coles in caboolture , north of brisbane on wednesday. sunshine coast snake catchers 24/7 richie gilbert was called to remove the snake and release it back into the bushland just kilometres away. a young woman made a surprising discovering after finding a mildly venomous snake in her shopping trolley. snake catcher richie gilbert came to the rescue and safely removed the sleepy little snake outside the store.
chris christie appeared on the tonight show wednesday evening , and wasted no time calling on jimmy fallon for the weight jokes made about him on the program. scroll down for video. chris christie appeared on the tonight show -lrb- above -rrb- and called out jimmy fallon for his weight jokes about the governor. fallon however pulled out two spoons thinking the men could share the ice cream , at which point christie took the treat for himself , slowly moving away. the ice cream , the tonight dough , was named after the show by ben & jerry 's , and includes caramel and chocolate ice creams with chocolate cookie swirls and gobs of chocolate chip cookie dough and peanut butter cookie dough.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- tickets will go on sale after an agreement on allocation was reached for the may 2 fight between floyd mayweather and manny pacquiao. in what pacquiao 's promoter , bob arum , dubbed the `` fight of the century , '' disagreements have hampered the release of the tickets because of questions over how many tickets would be allocated to each fighter for the highly-anticipated las vegas event. `` it was very , very important to my fighter manny pacquiao , to the philippines people ... manny has friends and family like you ca n't believe -- that will be in account for 800 or 900 tickets themselves.
clint hill reckons the pressure is on qpr 's relegation rivals and insists rangers can survive if they keep their cool. chris ramsey 's side are still in the relegation zone but the defender believes other teams will be worried about them. hill scored his first barclays premier league goal in tuesday 's 3-3 draw at aston villa , a result which denied qpr the chance to climb out of the bottom three. clint hill celebrates after scoring qpr 's second goal in tuesday night 's thrilling 3-3 draw at aston villa. qpr would lead again before being pegged back. rangers remain two points adrift of safety in the premier league table.
at 12 , she became the youngest player to appear in the u.s women 's open. now 20 , lexi thompson can boast six professional championships and most recently , a provocative magazine cover. the lpga player , who has career earnings of almost $ 3million , will appear topless on the front of the may edition of golf digest - using only a towel to cover her torso. professional golfer lexi thompson , 20 , will appear on the front of may 's edition of golf digest. at the time she was the youngest player ever to have appeared in the major tournament.
there 's nothing like a romantic proposal to warm the heart - especially when it is on a mountain peak in hawaii , an exotic sandy beach or beneath the eiffel tower. now you can live these most romantic of moments vicariously online as loved-up couples around the world share their intimate proposal moment via the website howheasked.com and instagram account howheasked. alongside the thousands of pictures are the couples ' touching proposal stories. loved-up couples around the world are sharing the intimate moment they got engaged via instagram account howheasked. at the top of a tough hiking trail in hawaii , known as stairway to heaven , one bride-to-be was taken by surprise.
this is the terrifying moment a gigantic tornado sweeps past a hapless motorist in illinois , who films it from his truck. the driver , sam smith , begins filming with the tornado just a few hundred yards in front of him. this is the terrifying moment a gigantic tornado swept past a hapless motorist in illinois , who filmed it from his truck. the driver , sam smith , begins filming with the tornado just a few hundred yards in front of him. harrowing : it then passes right in front of his truck - while mr smith spoke to his son on the phone.
that sentiment came true this week when , after 73 years of marriage , william ` wild bill ' wilson and his wife lillian karr wilson died just two minutes apart from each other. lillian resided at richmond place in lexington , while bill stayed at the thomson-hood veterans center in wilmore. after 73 years of marriage , high school sweethearts doug wilson , 93 , and lillian kerr wilson , 89 , passed away just two minutes apart from each other this week. but on tuesday their connection proved strong as ever when one of their sons , doug , received a phone call at 3.52 am to inform him that his father had passed away.
the sister of a bride-to-be who has been missing for three days says the 26-year-old is ` so in love ' with her fiance and could not possibly have cold feet. stephanie scott , an english and drama teacher , was last seen at her workplace leeton high school in leeton , 550km west of sydney , at 11am on easter sunday. at 12.59 pm on sunday afternoon she sent an email from the school to a bus company arranging transport for guests for her upcoming wedding this saturday. ms scott 's parents plan to hire a helicopter to join the desperate search for their daughter , as they fear her disappearance has something to do with ` her car or foul play '.
a woman who has undergone 15 separate brain operations has slammed whole pantry founder belle gibson after falling for her fake cancer survival story. ashton taylor , 21 , from perth , who was diagnosed with a severe brain condition called dural arteriovenous fistula in july 2013 , said not even an apology from gibson would cut it for her. her comments follow the admission from the lying health guru and wellness blogger that she had made up her story about having brain cancer. scroll down for video. ashton taylor , from perth , has slammed belle gibson over her false claims she had terminal brain cancer.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- the boy who asked a church to help him find a forever parent finally has one. desperate for a home in 2013 , davion navar henry only dressed up in a suit and borrowed a bible from the boys home where he lived. then he headed to a st. petersburg , florida , church to make a plea for his own adoption. now 16 years old , he had lived his entire life in foster care , bouncing from one home to another. but the tampa bay times documented his journey , and a video of his plea went viral.
sunderland will not suspend adam johnson after he was charged with grooming and three counts of sexual activity with a 15-year-old girl. the club 's hierarchy have decided that the 27-year-old should be allowed to continue playing for the black cats until the outcome of his case has been decided. a club statement on friday morning read : ` following yesterday 's statement from durham constabulary , the club recognises that the formal legal process must take its course and whilst our position remains unchanged , we will keep the matter under review. ' adam johnson leaves peterlee police station on thursday after being charged.
denim designer bettina liano has revealed that she can not afford to pay the australian taxation office the almost $ 130,000 she owes in taxes. ` they 're chasing me because i ca n't afford to pay them , the embattled jeans queen told daily mail australia. ' financial woes : denim queen bettina liano is reportedly being pursued for almost $ 130,000 by the australian tax office. ms liano is being pursued for $ 126,594 in taxes withheld between march and december 2012 , the daily telegraph reported on friday. the designer told dma that she was unaware of court proceedings , and only became aware of it when contacted by the media yesterday.
but one russian youtuber captured the terrifying moment a stream of soil flowed down a bank next to a main road , crushing trees in its powerful path and leaving toppled power lines in its wake. the eerie phenomenon is called an ` earthflow ' and is a rare type of landslide. a russian youtuber has captured the terrifying moment a stream of soil flowed down a bank next to a main road -lrb- pictured -rrb- , crushing trees in its powerful path and leaving toppled power lines in its wake. alexander giniyatullin kept a remarkably steady hand filming the scary scene in the kemerovo region of russia , which is thought to have happened at around 1pm on april 1 , according to a blog post on the american geophysical union 's website.
a 27-year-old woman fell 500 feet to her death while hiking an off-limits trail famed for its breath-taking vistas in oahu , hawaii , friday. firefighters received a distress call at around 12.45 pm friday. about 40 minutes later , first responders discovered feliciano unresponsive about 500 feet below a hole in the trail known locally as the puka - a popular spot among photographers. scroll down for video. nature lover : darlene feliciano , 27 , passed away from her injuries friday after she plummeted from a hiking trail in oahu , hawaii. in her spare time , she enjoyed going on hikes in hawaii 's great outdoors.
since then claire , 52 , and i have had a second child , poppy , while it has just been announced that 74-year-old peter and bella are expecting a sibling for their 20-month-old daughter. donald -lrb- pictured with ben and poppy -rrb- says the physical effort of coping with young children at his age can be demanding but he takes daily walks and uses an exercise bike to keep fit. however , when you are in your 70s , levering yourself out of a deep armchair afterwards and transferring baby to cot without waking it is quite a physical achievement.
the family of a 24-year-old woman who died of a heroin overdose has penned a candid obituary openly discussing her struggle with drugs in a bid to prevent others from losing their lives. on april 16 , molly parks was found in the bathroom of the pizza restaurant where she worked in manchester , new hampshire with a needle still in her arm. ` she fought her addiction to heroin for at least five years and had experienced a near fatal overdose before. loss : molly parks , 24 , passed away on april 16 after she overdosed on heroin in the bathroom of the restaurant where she worked.
a gold trinket box presented to an officer famous for losing his leg at the battle of waterloo has sold for more than # 100,000. the 18-carat gold rectangular piece was a gift to lord uxbridge , whose stoic exchange with the duke of wellington after losing his leg to a cannonball has become etched in history. his leg was buried near the battlefield but later dug up and used as a macabre tourist attraction. the gold irish freedom box was given to the aristocrat , who was by then marquess of anglesey , in 1828 by trinity college dublin when he served as lord lieutenant of ireland.
england cricket star moeen ali has been named as an honorary ambassador for liverpool 's fan club in pakistan. the lifelong liverpool fan , 27 , who has been called up for england 's final two tests in the west indies , made the announcement on friday. ' moeen ali has been named as an ambassador for liverpool 's official fan club in pakistan. ali pictured with liverpool star raheem sterling at anfield in a picture posted on his twitter account. ali , a lifelong liverpool fan , was in attendance for the lfc all-stars match at anfield last month. ali posted pictures with liverpool players raheem sterling and emre can on his twitter account.
a new antibody injection could ` wipe out advanced cancer ' by rooting out and obliterating tumours , scientists have revealed. the research has been hailed a ` tour de force ' , raising hopes the body 's immune system could be trained to attack melanoma , pancreatic , breast and lung cancer. the team at stanford university school of medicine believe the laboratory-engineered antibodies could eradicate not only primary tumours , but also distant metastases that have spread through the body. ' a new study has suggested an antibody injection could ` wipe out cancer ' by rooting out and eradicating both primary tumours and distant metastases , where the cancer has spread to other parts of the body.
he has made 700 professional club appearances and won 81 caps for england , six premier league titles , the fa cup and the champions league. in his pomp , he was the stuff of strikers ' nightmares , driving some of the world 's greatest goalscorers to distraction with lightning-sharp reactions and an instinctive reading of the game. rio ferdinand pictured in training at queens park rangers last week. the 36-year-old defender started regularly in the first part of the season but has been unable to hold down his spot in the side. ferdinand started the first seven matches of qpr 's premier league campaign before being dropped.
the new ` skywalk ' observation deck has opened to the public in yunyang county , southwest china , and those with vertigo are advised to stay at home. the cantilevered platform in chongqing has a 720 degree view from a vantage point that stands nearly 4,000 feet above sea level. its incredible viewing area protrudes nearly 90ft from the cliff face at the longgang scenic area - which is more than 16ft longer than a similar tourist attraction at the grand canyon in america. daredevils will be able to step out onto the transparent walkway to get a dizzying peak at the valley floor , a full 2,350 feet below them.
ben flower does not believe he deserved the standing ovation which greeted his return from suspension on thursday night. as his wigan side beat warrington 30-20 , the wales forward made his first appearance since he punched st helens ' lance hohaia in the opening moments of last season 's grand final , earning a six-month ban. ben flower does not believe he deserved the standing ovation which greeted his return from suspension. ' ahead of flower 's return , coach shaun wane had said he wanted to see him come back an even more aggressive player , but flower said he needed to learn how to manage his emotions.
tokyo -lrb- cnn -rrb- on the 29th floor of roppongi hills , an upscale tokyo high-rise full of offices , restaurants and residences , two actors in kimonos sit on a tatami mat and glare at each other as artificial smoke billows around them. it 's been a long day of filming `` the crawler in the dark , '' a new sci-fi horror movie set in japan 's meiji era. the file sharing website is celebrating 10 years since the first 19-second video `` me at the zoo , '' was uploaded on april 23 , 2005 by one of the site 's founders.
cup defeats to inverness are rarely a tranquil affair. on a fateful night in glasgow 15 years ago the highlanders inflicted the first of their damaging , deeply defeats on scotland 's champions. david raven -lrb- second right -rrb- celebrates with his inverness team-mates following his extra-time winner. the celebrations continue on the pitch as inverness rejoice in reaching the william hill scottish cup final. they will be back here in greater number for this club 's first ever scottish cup final against falkirk -- a former club of manager john hughes - on may 30 where they will be favourites to triumph.
an alberta student who 'd accidentally left his headlights on all day was greeted by what may have been the world 's friendliest note from a stranger when he returned to his car. but derek murray , a university of alberta law student , found more than just the note that cold november day in edmonton -- he also found an extension cord and battery charger left by the stranger to bring his dead acura back to life. ' good samaritan : a friendly stranger left this unbelievably friendly letter to alberta law student derek murray in order to help him get his car started after he left the headlights on all day.
hillary clinton is laughing in the face of the accepted retirement age - currently 65 both in the uk and the us - by aiming to become the leader of the free world just months before her 70th birthday. if the former u.s. secretary of state reaches her goal and is sworn in as the 44th president of the united states in january 2017 , then she will not only be the country 's first female president but also the second oldest , behind ronald reagan , ever to open the doors to the white house. age is nothing but a number : hillary clinton who has launched her campaign to be us president -lrb- pictured above , speaking at the women in the world conference on april 23 -rrb- will be 69 when she takes office if successful.
someone has a horrific accident and winds up in the hospital , brain dead and on life support. doctors approach the family about organ donation , but instead of saving as many as eight lives , the family is asked to donate the whole body to save just one individual. canavero says he has part of the funding secured , although he says he ca n't yet disclose where the money is coming from as a condition of the funding. the 30-year-old russian man suffers from a rare genetic disorder called werdnig-hoffman disease. the two men have talked via skype but they have yet to meet in person and canavero has not reviewed spiridonov 's medical records.
a volleyball-playing feline was picked to star in a national tv advert after seeing off competition from thousands of gifted animals. tortoiseshell mimi became an internet sensation after her owner uploaded clips of her playing the sport to facebook. joshua 's dad phil , 56 , a computer programmer , bought the cat with his wife christine , 45 , when she was eight-weeks-old in december 2013 from a seller who lived in birmingham. mimi was picked to star in the tv advert , which was broadcast last wednesday -lrb- 15 -rrb- , after phil shared the video with the pets at home facebook group earlier this month.
these three mormons , all from utah , have realized that they are transgender - a designation not officially recognized by the church of latter day saints. indeed , church doctrine states that anybody who takes their transgender identity to the extent of gender reassignment surgery can not be baptized - and could face discipline from church elders if they are already a member of the religion. however , in the case of annabel jensen , grayson moore and sara jade woodhouse , they have found a way to exist within the mormon universe - often with the help of local mormon leaders.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- as the model for norman rockwell 's `` rosie the riveter , '' mary doyle keefe became the symbol of american women working on the home front during world war ii. the 92-year-old died this week at her home in simsbury , connecticut. as a 19-year-old telephone operator , keefe posed for the famous painting that would become the cover of the saturday evening post on may 29 , 1943. although she was petite , keefe was transformed into the iconic -- and burly -- embodiment of the character by rockwell. keefe pocketed $ 10 for the two mornings of modeling work she did in arlington , vermont.
just like humans learning to talk , puppies can sometimes take a while to learn to bark. the pup was filmed squeaking and squawking after meeting a young husky dog and attempting to bark at its new companion. captured on video , the puppies are held in the air by their respective handlers and one of the dogs makes a high-pitched whining sound. opening its mouth , the shibu inu then begins vocalising with a yappy bark before the husky -- leaning back in its handler 's arm -- whines. people standing by laugh and put their hands to their mouths as a staff member turns to address and pacify the dog.
former secretary of state hillary rodham clinton got her budding presidential campaign 's first targeted question about the deadly 2012 benghazi terror attacks on tuesday night , and her answer was the sound of one hand clapping. daily mail online was on the flight. ` mrs. clinton , when are you going to start talking to the press about benghazi ? ' daily mail online asked her in the washington reagan national airport terminal. scroll down for video. no comment : hillary stared ahead and walked wordlessly tuesday , refusing to acknowledge her first campaign-trail question about the deadly benghazi terror attacks in 2012.
israeli prime minister benjamin netanyahu has slammed the iran nuclear deal , claiming it threatens the jewish state and puts his people in mortal danger. after speaking to president barack obama on the phone , he said in a televised statement just hours after the agreement was signed on thursday : ' a deal based on this framework would threaten the survival of israel. he added : ` such a deal would not block iran 's path to the bomb. ' scroll down for video. israeli prime minister benjamin netanyahu slammed the iran nuclear deal , claiming it threatens the jewish state and puts his people in mortal danger.
the title race may be over in the minds of some , but joe hart is irrepressibly optimistic. of course , he is paid to believe but there is some logic to his positivity when you consider how manchester city won the league in 2012 and 2014 with late dramatic runs. we 've not necessarily reached the standard week-in , week-out that we wanted to , but the beauty of football is that you get another chance and that starts on monday at crystal palace. ' manchester city goalkeeper joe hart insists his side are still capable of winning the premier league title.
a new york man who became known as the ` cannibal cop ' wants to give the public a taste of what 's really going on inside his mind. in the hbo documentary thought crimes which premiered on thursday at tribeca film festival , valle talks about his 2012 arrest and the claims that allegedly plotted to kidnap , torture , and eat his wife and other women online. scroll down for video. thought crimes : in the hbo documentary thought crimes ` cannibal cop ' gilberto valle talks about his 2012 arrest and the claims that allegedly plotted to kidnap , torture , and eat women online.
flames leaping and acrid smoke billowing into the sky , a huge fire rips through bone dry heathland near the south coast. in scenes resembling a disaster movie , the inferno laid waste to a picturesque area the size of 100 football pitches. but the 70 hectare area of dorset was tinderbox dry as much of it is on a hillside and water had run off down the slope. fire investigators have confirmed the fire was started deliberately and three separate areas of heath - measuring half a hectare , one hectare and 70 hectares - were destroyed. more than 80 firefighters spent six hours tackling flames up to 35ft high at the st catherine 's hill nature reserve in dorset yesterday.
-lrb- the hollywood reporter -rrb- `` the rocky horror picture show '' is the latest musical getting the small-screen treatment. fox is developing a two-hour remake of the 1975 cult classic to be directed , executive-produced and choreographed by kenneth ortega -lrb- `` high school musical '' -rrb-. the project , tentatively titled `` the rocky horror picture show event , '' is casting-contingent. the special will be produced by fox 21 television studios , and berman 's the jackal group. the special is timed to celebrate the 40th anniversary of the film , which has grossed more than $ 112 million and still plays in theaters across the country.
vijay chokal-ingam claims that he posed as a black man while he applied to medical schools in 1998 because he believed he had a better chance of gaining acceptance. the older brother of comedienne mindy kaling has controversially claimed he was only accepted into medical school in the late 1990s because he posed as a black man. ' i was determined to become a doctor and i knew that admission standards for certain minorities under affirmative action were , let 's say ... less stringent ? ' wrote chokal-ingam. ' i got into medical school because i said i was black.
but to do it live on the internet ? with two hooves sticking out for several minutes in the midst of labor ? luckily , katie -- a giraffe at the dallas zoo -- is a champ. in an hour-long labor captured by 10 cameras and streamed live by animal planet , katie gave birth to a not-so-little baby -lrb- about 6 feet tall -rrb- early friday evening. there was no immediate word on the newborn 's gender or condition. but there were good signs , as seen on the live stream and dallas zoo 's twitter feed -- like its ears moving , its efforts to stand , and its nursing -lrb- or at least trying to nurse -rrb- from mom.
four koalas travelling to singapore have been given a quick taste of qantas ' business class services and it was equipped with fresh eucalyptus leaves. paddle , pellita , chan and idalia have been sent from australia as a gift to mark singapore 's 50th anniversary of independence. the furry friends were photographed chomping on some leaves and being served some refreshments before departing on their big journey on monday. qantas have released photos of koalas in business class being served refreshments and eucalyptus leaves. the four koalas are being gifted to singapore to mark their 50th anniversary of independence. while not actually travelling among the elite , the animals are still being treated as premium passengers in specially built containers fit with a eucalyptus tree and climate control.
lausanne , switzerland -lrb- cnn -rrb- a roller-coaster series of talks wrapped up thursday in lausanne as a group of world powers known as the p5 +1 reached a framework agreement with iran over the country 's nuclear program. tucked amid the swiss alps on the shores of lake geneva , lausanne is certainly one of the more scenic places to be trapped for talks -- a sort of camp david for the rich and famous. over the course of the eight-day round of talks , negotiators , their delegations , their security details and reporters were confined primarily to the immediate area around the five-star beau-rivage palace hotel , which played host to the negotiations.
what would you get if one of the queen 's corgis ran off with one of sir ranulph fiennes 's siberian huskies and had a puppy ? a corgski , of course , just like max. at just 18.5 in from foot to shoulder , this diminutive fellow looks as if he was the runt of his litter. he is , in fact , a fully grown husky-corgi cross. he 's become a favourite with workers at the dogs trust in basildon , essex , who have been looking after him since he was found. max -lrb- pictured -rrb- is a 18.5 in high fully-grown husky corgi cross.
taylor swift and rumored boyfriend calvin harris spotted together after watching the band haim perform at troubadour club in west hollywood. were a record company to write a job description for the next big thing in popular music , certain attributes would surely be high on the list. no mean feat for an introspective and , by his own admission , curmudgeonly son of a biochemist from the scottish borders who less than a decade ago was stacking supermarket shelves to make ends meet. to put it into perspective , his # 70 million nest egg eclipses the fortunes of household names such as kylie minogue and sir cliff richard.
a war hero pilot who survived almost 70 skirmishes with the luftwaffe has died after being knocked down by a hit-and-run driver near his home. doug gregory , 92 , had popped out for his daily newspaper when he was struck by a car outside a petrol station. the ex-spitfire pilot suffered a serious head injury and was flown to hospital by air ambulance , but died two weeks later. 92 , only retired from his job as a stunt pilot two years ago. he was awarded the distinguished flying cross after surviving almost 70 missions over nazi-occupied europe. fighter pilot : the 92-year-old had survived 70 missions against the luftwaffe during the second world war.
a 25-year-old man has been charged with murdering his five-month-old daughter. tomas driukas was arrested after paramedics were called to his home in birmingham in the early hours of wednesday morning. his daughter was taken to birmingham children 's hospital with breathing difficulties. the infant , who is believed to be a twin , died later that day after suffering ` several injuries ' , police said. tomas driukas was arrested after paramedics were called to his home in birmingham in the early hours of wednesday morning. the 22-year-old mother , identified by neighbours as renata braskyte , pictured above , has been released on bail pending further enquiries.
a german man who had his penis enlarged with silicone injections claims it now weighs half a stone. micha stunz , has a 9 inch-long , 3.5 inch penis that now weighs between 7.5 -- 9.5 lbs , between 3 and 4.3 kg , he says. mr stunz , 45 , who lives in berlin , said he had his penis permanently enlarged in this way , not because it makes him feel more beautiful , but because it makes him feel ` better '. micha stunz , 45 , has permanently enlarged his penis with silicone injections. it is now 9 inches long and weighs up to 9.5 lbs -lrb- 4.3 kg -rrb- , he claims.
a best man left guests at his brother 's wedding in tears after composing an emotional song to use as his best man 's speech. melbourne singer daniel buccheri , who composed the tune to the popular music from artists such as sam smith and the backstreet boys , toasted his brother adrian and his new wife sarah at their march 29 wedding in using his voice. melbourne singer daniel buccheri -lrb- pictured -rrb- left guests at his brother 's wedding in tears after composing an emotional song to use as his best man 's speech. daniel , 25 , started off his speech in a mellow tone on the keyboard , singing of his love for his brother to the tune of stay with me , as his sibling began to well up at the top table.
london welsh have announced a contract extension for their former england international back olly barkley. the 33-year-old joined the exiles last year , having previously played for bath , gloucester , racing metro , grenoble and the scarlets. he won 23 test caps , the last of which was against new zealand in 2008. olly barkley has extended his stay at london welsh after signing a new contract at the relegated-club. welsh are set to return to the championship next season after finishing bottom of the aviva premiership. ' i am really looking forward to working with our new team and the reinvigorated coaching regime , which is being put together , to put this season behind us and lay a strong foundation for promotion back to the premiership for the 2016-17 season.
ben affleck today finally admitted the name of the slave ancestor he had censored from his past. the oscar-winning actor posted on social media that a ` benjamin cole ' of georgia , an ancestor on his mother 's side , was the relative dropped from the pbs show about his family history. the admission came the day after he apologized for lobbying for the removal of the truth about his family past from finding your roots. ' scroll down for video. ben affleck has apologized after he demanded information about a slave-owning relative be withheld from a pbs show about his ancestry.
a family pooch received an interesting make-over when it came back from the groomers looking less like a domesticated pet and more like a wild cat. the dog named stains had its coat trimmed to resemble a lion when its owners sent it to the groomers. according to the dog 's owner , stains is a sheep-herding breed and his thick coat , which is best suited for colder climates , had become uncomfortable in the recent sunshine. the dog 's owner looks down and laughs while filming his pet stains , but initially it is hard to see why. capturing his artistic vision on camera , stains ' owner laughs hysterically while videoing his pet sitting alongside two other dogs at home.
george osborne has revealed he is secretly addicted to hit bbc series poldark -- and confessed to a crush on its female lead character demelza. the chancellor claimed the ` one hour ' a week he had allowed himself off each week during the election campaign was to watch the programme , starring aidan turner and eleanor tomlinson. scroll down for video. mr osborne admitted that he was secretly addicted to hit bbc series poldark , starring aidan turner. the chancellor said the television show was a ` fantastic advert for britain ' and particularly cornwall. it 's a fantastic advert for britain and british talent -- and also for cornwall , ' the chancellor told the daily mail.
president barack obama took a break from being the real president on april fools ' day to impersonate a fictional one , house of cards ' conniving frank underwood. this is not frank underwood , ' the president said after turning his head underwood , who is played by oscar-winning actor kevin spacey and frequently speaks shakespearean-style monologues to the audience. scroll down for video. president barack obama impersonated house of cards 's fictional president frank underwood by dipping into a southern drawl. obama attempted to copy the deep voice and south carolina accent of the fictional commander-in-chief , who is known for scheming his way into the nation 's highest office through deceit and violence.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- yemeni officials said saudi airstrikes targeting a military base on tuesday hit a nearby school , injuring at least a half dozen students. a third source , with the education ministry in ibb , said three students had been killed at the al bastain school in maitam , in southwestern yemen , as a result of an airstrike. the officials from ibb 's governor 's office said the al hamza military base was targeted because houthis have been sending reinforcements from ibb to nearby provinces. there were no casualties on the base , the officials said , but it was heavily damaged.
charity runners taking part in a 10km fun run at the weekend were left exhausted after being sent on an unscheduled two-mile detour. the blunder was believed to have been caused by a race marshal taking a toilet break during the event , missing 300 runners who should have been directed at a junction point. scroll down for video. blunder : charity runners taking part in yesterday 's bournemouth bay 10k run -lrb- pictured -rrb- were left exhausted after being sent on an unscheduled two-mile detour. the bizarre gaffe happened during yesterday 's bournemouth bay run and today the organisers - bournemouth borough council - appealed for those who were affected by the mix-up to contact them for a ` gesture of goodwill.
the new zealand family of fourteen who last month walked out of a remote christian commune that shuns the outside world are adjusting well to life in the wider community , a relative said , with the father accepting a farm job and the family moving into a home with modern appliances. founded by the australian-born evangelical preacher neville cooper - now known by the name hopeful christian - gloriavale is home to around 500 residents , sometimes known as cooperites , who wear a plain , blue uniform and reject birth control. scroll down for video. many family are pictured here in traditional gloriavale uniforms , although they are now allowed to wear ` modest ' clothing.
it is the image which the tories hope will scare floating voters into their arms -- the prospect of nicola sturgeon forcing ed miliband to implement her radical policies. launching a new poster campaign showing ms sturgeon manipulating a puppet labour leader , conservative chairman grant shapps said : ` the only way that ed miliband might crawl through the gates of no10 now is if he 's carried there by the snp. ` nicola sturgeon would pull the strings and demand weaker defences , more spending and unaffordable welfare handouts. ' scroll down for video. new poster : it is the image which the tories hope will scare floating voters into their arms -- the prospect of nicola sturgeon forcing ed miliband to implement her radical policies.
jane tipper had been walking her dog molly when the eight-year-old chased a lamb over a cliff. a border terrier miraculously survived a 250ft fall after chasing a spring lamb off the edge of a cliff before spending three days stranded on a remote beach. dog molly had been on a walk with owner jane tipper and her daughter hannah in eype , dorset , last week when the she fell over the cliff 's edge along with the lamb. ms tipper , who had been celebrating her 64th birthday , was forced to return home in nearby charmouth without her beloved dog which she has had since she was a puppy.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- can a prayer for diamonds actually turn up a gem ? when you 're exploring the fields at crater of diamonds state park in murfreesboro , arkansas , the odds are higher than usual. soon after , clark , who is from evening shade , arkansas , saw a 3.69-carat white , teardrop-shaped diamond in the plowed field. the diamond , which is the largest found at the park so far this year , is about the size of a pinto bean , says park interpreter waymon cox. `` and it 's the largest one found since april 16 , 2014 , when a 6.19-carat white diamond , named the limitless diamond , was found at the park , '' he said , according to a park press release.
the obama administration stepped up its lobbying campaign on capitol hill today to try to persuade lawmakers not to pass any legislation that could hamper prospects for negotiating a final deal with iran to curb its nuclear program. administration officials as high up the rung as the president himself last week made calls to more than 130 federal lawmakers , urging them to support the deal secretary of state john kerry negotiated with iran , and , at the very least , not to meddle in foreign affairs. ' with the newly returned lawmakers scheduled to tomorrow take the first in a series of votes setting the perimeters for a deal , the white house said administration officials would hold classified briefings with members of congress aimed at ` helping ' them understand ` commitments iran has made so far , and how those commitments we hope will be finalized hopefully in the next two months.
this is the transgender man who is poised to grace the cover of men 's health magazine. aydian ethan dowling has around 40,000 votes to win the publication 's annual ultimate guy search - 30,000 more than his closest competitor. he would follow iraq war veteran and amputee noah galloway , who clinched the top spot last year. scroll down for video. cover star ? aydian dowling is the transgender man widely touted to be on the cover of men 's health. miles ahead : though the public vote only counts for 10 per cent , aydian clearly has a huge backing.
sao paulo , brazil -lrb- cnn -rrb- brazilian supermodel gisele bundchen sashayed down the catwalk at sao paulo fashion week on wednesday night in an emotional farewell to the runway. bundchen announced over the weekend that she would be retiring from the catwalk , though not the fashion industry. the 34-year-old , who is married to new england patriots quarterback tom brady and has two children , has said she wants to spend more time with her family. bundchen wrote about her fashion career on her instagram account : `` i am grateful that at 14 , i was given the opportunity to start this journey.
the real-life margo leadbetter has backed the prime minister to deliver the good life to britain. sheila elkan , who lives in the house that featured as the leadbetters ' home in the classic 1970s tv series , backed david cameron today after he launched his ` good life ' manifesto. the good life : sheila elkan -lrb- left -rrb- , 84 , who lives in the house that featured as the home of margo leadbetter -lrb- right , played by penelope keith -rrb- in the classic 1970s tv series , backed david cameron today. her comments come after mr cameron promised he would help deliver ` the greatest sunshine ' of a job , a home , tax cuts and a secure retirement as he revealed the conservative election manifesto.
a washington teen who strapped fake explosives around his body in a stunt to ask a date to the prom has been suspended from school. ahmad says he was trying to go all out with his prom proposal and questions whether the decision to suspend him was based on his ethnicity. the 18-year-old senior wore a vest filled with paper-tube props made to look like explosives. scroll down for video. ` the bomb ' : ibrahim ahmad , a senior at la center high in washington state will miss his prom because of a suspension he received for this bomb-themed promposal.
a family have claimed the body of an infant who was discovered deceased and buried on a sydney beach last year , in order to give her a proper funeral. on november 30 , 2014 , two young boys were playing on maroubra beach when they uncovered the body of a baby girl buried under 30 centimetres of sand. ` we 're local and my husband is a police officer and he 's worked with many of the officers investigating it , ' ms d'alessandro told daily mail australia. scroll down for video. a sydney family have claimed the body of a baby girl who was found buried on maroubra beach -lrb- pictured -rrb- on november 30 , 2014.
a tree dedicated to the memory of michael brown has been destroyed by vandals just hours after being planted. the sapling was planted in january-wabash park in ferguson , missouri on saturday as a dedication to the teenager , who was gunned down in the street by a police officer last august. it was called ' a symbol of peace , comfort and hope for all who gather around its branches ' at a small ceremony led by the black caucus of the american library association , which donated the tree. scroll down for video. before : the black caucus of the american library association donated the tree and memorial plaque and it was planted in january-wabash park in ferguson , missouri on saturday -lrb- pictured -rrb-.
first this dog helped do the dishes , now he 's been trained to use the toilet - and even puts the lid down once he 's finished. baron the german shepherd was captured in a video using the toilet after he began learning the impressive skill a few weeks ago. he then climbs up balancing his paws on the raised seat cover as he holds himself up and hovers over the toilet while relieving himself. he then climbs up balancing his paws on the raised seat cover as he holds himself up and hovers over the toilet while relieving himself.
fa cup semi-finalists reading still have lingering relegation worries in the championship after they threw away a 1-0 lead to draw 1-1 with cardiff at the madejski stadium. reading took the lead with only four minutes gone when pavel pogrebnyak got a touch to garath mccleary 's nod-down to divert the ball past cardiff goalkeeper david marshall. but they allowed a mediocre cardiff side to snatch a point in the 90th minute when conor mcaleny rifled in a shot from aron gunnarsson 's precise pass. cardiff 's conor mcaleny -lrb- left -rrb- celebrates after scoring a late equaliser against reading. goals : mcaleny 90 ' referee : scott duncan.
but ditching the idea that we should we should marry for life could help many of us have happier relationships , according to a marriage therapist. a fixed-term starter marriage , in which couples sign a renewable contract - known as a ` wedlease ' - would work better for many couples , argues susan pease gadoua. a relationship expert has suggested that a renewable marriage contract known as a ` wedlease ' would work better for many modern day couples and avoid increasing divorces. so , instead of promising 'til death do us part ' , couples in a starter marriage agree to be together for ` two , three , four or more years -- whatever works for you and your partner '.
like super-models , they follow a strict daily diet -- in their case , three carrots , an apple and a few cabbage leaves -- to keep in shape for their public appearances. one is even going to have a song written about his life. former playboy model annette edwards holds her world record continental giant rabbit darius aloft. five-year-old darius is 4ft long and weighs just under 3st -- the king of the continental giant breed. he sits quietly , as i stroke his ultra-soft , grey fur , and examine his outsized ears and paws. darius seems nonchalant about his world record -- and untroubled that he is set to lose his title to his son , jeff.
dramatic dashcam footage has captured the moment a south carolina police officer dragged a woman away from the edge of a bridge after threatening to jump. deputy michael hubbard from the spartanburg county sheriff 's office is seen approaching the woman sitting on overpass on the i-26 on monday. ' dashcam footage shows a patrol car stopping in spartanburg , south carolina , after they spotted a woman sitting on the overpass. hubbard then puts his arms around her and then pulls her away from the drop. she struggles and tries to resist , but according to fox carolina the officer says : ` give me your hands , you 're not going out like this today.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- han and chewie are back. and we all taxed our brains trying to deduce the date of cheryl 's damn birthday. here are pop culture 's most talked-about stories of the week. producers of `` star wars : the force awakens '' unveiled a nearly two-minute trailer for the upcoming movie , arriving in december. when harrison ford shows up with chewbacca at the end , you can almost hear the internet 's collective squeals. a logic problem from a singapore math test somehow spread across the web , leaving millions trying to figure out the hypothetical birthday of someone named cheryl.
tehran , iran -lrb- cnn -rrb- there is a persian proverb that says : `` a good year is determined by its spring. '' for many iranians , the historic decision by tehran and six world powers -- the united states , britain , france , germany , russia and china -- to continue nuclear negotiations under a `` joint comprehensive plan of action '' is an indication that this year 's norouz , the persian new year that started on march 21 , will be a superb one indeed. it paves the way for a much broader deal by end of june that guarantees the peaceful nature of tehran 's nuclear activities in return for the lifting of sanctions and a return to the international community.
the sky newsreader has revealed how an easter holiday outing with her family saw ` blood and saliva flying ' between her boisterous sons in the backseat -- and ended with her six-year-old having a tooth knocked out. butter would n't melt ! samantha simmonds and husband phillip davies with their children , two , four and six. in a searingly honest account that plenty of exhausted parents will relate to , miss simmonds , 42 , described how she took some time off work to spend with her children -- but said the break turned into a string of tantrums and bickering.
jose mourinho has revealed that he felt like he was british when andy murray won wimbledon two years ago. ` the wimbledon that i really felt was andy murray 's victory because it was very special for him , ' said mourinho as he was given a tour of sw19 as part of a new deal between jaguar and the all england lawn tennis club. chelsea manager jose mourinho poses for pictures on wimbledon 's famous centre court. mourinho was given a tour of wimbledon by former british no 1 tim henman -lrb- left -rrb-. mourinho takes in his surroundings as he has a seat on wimbledon 's centre court.
letting the scottish nationalists dictate the direction of the uk government would be like getting king herod to ` run a baby farm ' , boris johnson warned today in an escalation of tory attacks on the snp. the tory london mayor warned against allowing nicola sturgeon 's snp to dominate the government of the uk , ` an entity that they are sworn to destroy '. tory london mayor boris johnson warned against allowing nicola sturgeon 's snp to dominate the government of the uk ` an entity that they are sworn to destroy ' ms sturgeon launched her snp manifesto today , boasting that she can ` lead the uk ' with polices on british foreign policy , benefits , energy bills and english university tuition fees.
it is perhaps the most iconic ship of all time , but the closest most people will get to the titanic is a visit to the museum in belfast , or a viewing of the leonardo dicaprio and kate winslet blockbuster. one company is offering the chance to dive 12,500 ft below the surface of the sea to explore the ship at the bottom of the atlantic. the tour takes in sights like the famous grand staircase , the ship 's huge anchors and the marconi room , from which the world 's very first sos was broadcast. the once-in-a-lifetime privilege is being offered by luxury concierge service , bluefish , and does not come cheap , setting you back a whopping # 41,000 -lrb- $ 60,000 -rrb-.
bereaved families say the report is being dragged out so figures like tony blair can rebut its findings. the families of britain 's iraq war dead expressed their disgust last night after learning the long-awaited official report into the conflict may be delayed yet again. publication of sir john chilcot 's inquiry , which began in 2009 and has cost the taxpayer almost # 10million , had already been pushed back until after the election. bereaved parents said they were disgusted that their suffering was being dragged out to give leading figures in the inquiry , like tony blair , the chance to rebut its findings.
when it comes to yoghurt lids there are typically three types of people : the ` licker ' , the ` spooner ' who scrapes the remaining yoghurt back into the pot , and the ` waster ' who throws it away. called toyal lotus , the technology is inspired by the water-repellent nature of a lotus leaf and uses microscopic bumps to stop liquids from sticking. scroll down for video. the toyal lotus technology -lrb- right -rrb- stops yoghurt from sticking to lids of pots -lrb- left -rrb-. german maker toyo aluminium 's technology won silver place in the 2013 du pont awards for packaging innovation and the firm has teamed up with japan 's morinaga milk industry to bring it to consumers.
a swedish firm is hoping to make getting around with a young child easier - and save your aching arms - by introducing the bike seat that doubles up as a stroller. påhoj -lrb- pictured -rrb- was designed by swedish designer lycke von schantz. it has a ` lightweight chassis ' and is 3.2 ft -lrb- 1 metre -rrb- tall. the product will launch on kickstarter next week but prices are not yet known. a child , up to a height of 3.2 ft -lrb- 1 metres -rrb- , is then strapped into the seat in an almost vertical position. the concept was created by swedish designer lycke von schantz and a prototype has been safety tested.
the stoke midfielder has been the talk of football this easter weekend after his incredible 66-yard goal against chelsea. adam 's sweetly struck left-footed strike gave goalkeeper thibaut courtois absolutely no chance. scroll down to watch video of charlie adam scoring from the halfway line in 2009. charlie adam picks the ball up inside his own half during a reserve match against accrington stanley. adam knocks the ball out in front of him before spotting the goalkeeper of his line and shooting. the stanley keeper tries desperately to stop the ball as it sails towards the goal. the goalkeeper is left sprawled on the floor as the ball hits the back of the net.
illicit operation : chiropractor gertrude pitkanen would sell newborn babies to adoptive parents for as little as $ 100 in butte , montana. for as little as $ 100 , chiropractor gertrude pitkanen took babies from their mother 's arms seconds after they were born and handed them to their adoptive parents. most of the children who were victims of this horrific crime have now aged , have families and have forged their own lives - but they are still looking for answers. they have joined together to form a group called gertie 's babies who have been using dna to trace their biological families and search for their estranged siblings that are still alive.
after more than two years of inexorable decline the patience of tranmere 's faithful finally snapped when oxford moved decisively ahead , in an effortless manner reminiscent of the previous saturday 's boat race. the loathing was directed mainly at manager micky adams , who was announced on sunday morning to have left the club by ` mutual consent '. the tranmere players look down after the final whistle , as the prospect of relegation looms large. this is how it ends in football sometimes : standing in the dugout having a season ticket thrown in your face by an incandescent supporter , who you then see given a standing ovation by some sections upon being escorted out.
we spent # 400 on a 1940s loo - it took us four months to find one ! claire nugent , 43 , and nigel morter , 47 , have been married for 14 years. they restored a 1940s airfield control tower in norfolk and now run it as a b&b. scroll down for video. claire nugent , 43 , and nigel morter , 47 , have been married for 14 years. they restored a 1940s airfield control tower in norfolk and now run it as a b&b. in 2011 , our dreams came true when we bought a world war ii airfield control tower near wells-next-the-sea for # 295,000.
footage has surfaced of a quarrel between neighbours in a perth suburb that ended in a bloody confrontation with a crowbar. the clip , uploaded to facebook today , show an angry woman unleashing a racist tirade over her fence at a group of men who appear to be of african descent. the angry woman turns up in her neighbour 's front yard , verbally abusing the men and swinging a crowbar at him. ' i do n't deal with monkeys , go on now you f ***** g monkeys. the racial abuse intensifies when the woman appears in the yard , threatening a group of men with the crowbar in hand.
facebook has launched a new app called hello designed to give you more control over who can call you and how their details appear - even if their number is n't stored in your contacts book. it pulls in any publicly-shared data from a user 's facebook profile and lets you easily block unwanted callers. scroll down for video. facebook has launched a new app called hello -lrb- pictured -rrb- designed to give you more control over who can call you and how their details appear - even if their number is n't stored in your contacts book. it pulls in any publicly-shared data from a user 's facebook profile and lets you easily block unwanted callers.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- it 's time for liberals to look local. with washington gridlocked over almost everything and congressional republicans standing firm against any further expansion of domestic policy , the odds of congress passing another new deal or great society are minimal. it will take a lot of work by democratic voters and activists to change the numbers on capitol hill so that liberal ideas stand a chance of passing. liberal democrats have found more political space to move forward with their initiatives. in new york city , mayor bill de blasio has launched an ambitious pre-k education program to broaden access for all of the city 's residents.
malia obama , 16 , is already visiting colleges in preparation for when she heads to school in the fall of 2016. ca n't let her go : the 11th grade student -lrb- left -rrb- is already visiting schools and will go to college in the fall of 2016. ' the 11th grade student , who attends the private sidwell friends school in washington , d.c. , has already visited at uc berkeley , stanford , nyu , columbia , harvard , brown , princeton , yale and wesleyan , the washington post reported. if malia attends columbia for an undergraduate degree , she will be following in her father 's footsteps.
holocaust survivor eva kor had waited 70 years for a moment such as this -- and now , at last , she was face to face with a former ss man on trial for his alleged part in the slaughter at auschwitz. oskar groening looked startled at first , then smiled. he placed a kiss on her cheek and listened to the words of the 81-year-old woman who , with her twin sister , was once the subject of josef mengele 's monstrous human experiments. embrace : seventy years after auschwitz was liberated , eva kor embraces former nazi guard oskar groening.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- the cover-up is often worse than the crime. henry louis gates stands accused of scrubbing part of a segment in his pbs documentary series `` finding your roots '' because the actor ben affleck put pressure on him. affleck 's concern was that the segment would have aired his family 's dirty laundry , which includes a slaveholding ancestor , benjamin cole. affleck said , in a statement posted on facebook , that he `` did n't want any television show about my family to include a guy who owned slaves. last month , affleck lent his star power to support continued foreign assistance for the democratic republic of congo by testifying before congress.
ruby walsh appears to jump his horse over a moving car in the latest promotional advert for betting firm paddy power. the 22-second clip shows the two-time grand national winner galloping towards the speeding silver car and apparently jumping it as the bookmaker gears up for saturday 's big race at aintree. irish jockey walsh , who is riding ballycasey in the race , starts the clip by saying : ` this is how i 've been getting ready for this year 's grand national. the two-time national jockey appears to then leap over the speeding car on his horse. the horse clears the car , which paddy power say was travelling at 40mph , and lands.
ahead of this weekend 's premier league action , sportsmail will be providing you with all you need to know about every fixture , with team news , provisional squads , betting odds and opta stats. here is all the information you need for west brom 's home clash with qpr ... west bromwich albion vs queens park rangers -lrb- the hawthorns -rrb-. west brom. west brom 's craig dawson is suspended for the visit of qpr after he was awarded the red card wrongly given to gareth mcauley against manchester city. defender mcauley was dismissed by referee neil swarbrick for a foul on wilfried bony which dawson committed and the red card was switched to dawson after a review.
the alleged mastermind of the 2008 mumbai terror attack which left 166 dead has been released on bail , pakistani officials revealed. zakiur rehman lakhvi was allowed to leave adiala prison in rawalpindi late on thursday. his release was slammed with indians calling it an ` insult ' to the victims of the three-day onslaught , which was blamed on the banned pakistani militant group lashkar-e-taiba -lrb- let -rrb-. pakistani security personnel escort zakiur rehman lakhvi , the alleged mastermind of the 2008 mumbai attacks , as he leaves court after a hearing in islamabad on january 1. a senior jud official said : ` zakiur rehman lakhvi has been released from jail.
a football club chairman has warned of a new breed of hooliganism in the sport -- from retired grandfathers who are trying to relive their youth and encourage violence on match days. dave doggett , the boss of league two outfit cambridge united , believes groups of up to 10 men - aged in their 50s and 60s - are trying to relive the 1980s by arranging fights with rivals prior to games. scroll down for video. dave doggett , the chairman of cambridge united , has warned of a new breed of hooliganism and believes groups of up to 10 men - aged in their 50s and 60s - are trying to relive the 1980s by arranging fights with rivals.
there were scenes of jubilation in the dutch city of dordrecht today , as flag-waving locals turned out to welcome king willem-alexander and his glamorous wife maxima today. warm welcome : the dutch royal couple were all smiles as they meet well-wishers in the trading city. today , it was the turn of dordrecht , a city in the south-west of the country , which was once a major trading port , as well as a military hub. taking centre stage was argentina-born queen maxima , who opted for a typically eye-catching ensemble of a raspberry pink coat and hat enlivened with a pair of chunky crystal earrings.
boston -lrb- cnn -rrb- dzhokhar tsarnaev 's bombs tore through their bodies : singeing flesh , shattering bones , shredding muscles and severing limbs. but on tuesday , jurors also began to hear about the holes his bombs left in the hearts of the survivors and the families of the dead. now that he has been found guilty on every count , the jury must decide whether boston marathon bomber tsarnaev , 21 , should live or die for what he has done. this is the victim impact part of the case , and the testimony was heartbreaking. a father with a shock of white hair cried for the daughter he called `` princess.
a terrifying image reveals the moment a ` highly skilled ' pilot spun out of control during an aerobatic display - right before the plane crashed in front of horrified spectators this afternoon. smoke billows from david jenkins ' single-engine edge 360 plane above old buckenham airfield near attleborough , norfolk. the man in his 50s tragically died when it crashed just 50 metres from a group of people who were at a press day for the air show. ' mr jenkins was a member of the wildcat aerobatic team based at old buckenham airfield and has been a regular competitor at uk aerobatics competitions , winning over 40 medals.
the next time pep guardiola feels the need to justify his continued presence in bavaria -- and that time will come -- he has some useful numbers to roll out. that is the number of goals guardiola 's bayern team have scored so far this season , a number plenty enough to take them in to the last four of the champions league , the semi-final of the german cup and to the cusp of successive bundesliga titles. as guardiola himself said on the eve of this undressing of porous porto , people are only happy here if bayern win the treble.
noelle reno , socialite , reality tv star and former fiancee of businessman scot young , has broken her silence almost four months to the day since his death. socialite noelle reno , who is the former fiancee of businessman scot young who fell 60ft from his west london home last year , has broken her silence almost four months to the day since his horrific death. the tycoon was killed after falling 60ft from his multi-million pound apartment onto metal railings -lrb- pictured -rrb-. the inquest was adjourned in december and no date has yet been set to re-open it.
a chinese entrepreneur has quit his well-paid day job to revive the dying art of chinese sword making. jia huaijin , 33 , now hand-makes swords in rural china that sell for up to # 22,000 each -- nearly 18 times the monthly salary of chinese president xi jinping or the average price for a 750-square-foot flat in shanghai. warrior : mr huajin looks like he could have time travelled from the han dynasty. hammering away : the molten metal is forged and folded to create the sword. red hot : the metal is heated in a furnace before it can be shaped.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- president barack obama took part in a roundtable discussion this week on climate change , refocusing on the issue from a public health vantage point. i asked him about the science behind climate change and public health and the message he wants the average american to take away , as well as how enforceable his action plan is. here are five things i learned :. the president enrolled at occidental college in los angeles in 1979 -lrb- he transferred to columbia university his junior year -rrb-. he remembers the air quality alerts and how people with respiratory problems had to stay inside.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- the officer charged with murder in the shooting death of an unarmed black man in south carolina has been fired as anger continues to build around his case. a video shows officer michael slager , who is white , firing eight shots at 50-year-old walter scott as scott has his back to him and is running away. scott , who was unarmed , was struck five times. the fbi is investigating , and once again , a shooting involving police has sparked national outrage. `` i have watched the video , and i was sickened by what i saw , '' north charleston police chief eddie driggers told reporters wednesday.
an obsessive arsenal fan made his girlfriend sit a test quizzing her about his favourite football club. saskia posted snaps of the test to her twitter account , @saskiaisabxlla , commenting ` boyfriend made me take an @arsenal exam ! ' with emoticons showing she did n't know whether to laugh or cry. saskia 's football fan boyfriend made her take an arsenal test and did n't dump her thanks to her a grade. the test took the form of a school exam , with multiple choice questions , tables to complete , and ` in your own words ... ' section.
janet faal , who has suffered from agoraphobia for a decade , fell down an uncovered manhole. janet faal , 57 , was out with a friend in crawley , west sussex , as part of her rehabilitation when she moved a wooden pallet to help them reverse and plunged down into the open gap. she now has two black eyes and a suspected fractured leg after smashing her face on the pallet and was left in a ` splits ' position as only one of her legs went down the hole when she slipped. ' she reckons she has been set back ` years ' in her battle with the debilitating condition , which has left her housebound for a decade , and fears she 'll never leave her home again.
but zuriel oduwole is n't `` most kids. born in california to a nigerian father and a mauritian mother , oduwole is often described as `` the world 's youngest filmmaker. it all started three years ago when oduwole decided to enter a school documentary-making competition with a film about the ghana revolution. joyce banda -lrb- malawi -rrb-. after this first foray into filmmaking , oduwole was bitten by the director 's bug and quickly wanted to make more movies. she turned to the web to find the tools she needed and got involved in the entire filmmaking process. her second outing , `` educating and healing africa out of poverty , '' looked at the creation of the african union in 1963.
salads in british supermarkets are being grown by workers treated like ` slaves ' who live in filthy conditions , an investigation has found. migrant workers producing vegetables exported to britain say they are denied basic hygiene facilities while working and are forced to use bushes near where the vegetables are being grown as toilets. they claim they are treated like slaves by agencies who hire them to produce the salads and vegetables that end up on supermarket shelves in britain , the investigation by channel 4 news found. they also say they are made to work around dangerous pesticides -- causing some to fall ill -- and are routinely left unpaid for hours they have worked.
reports claim google is the latest firm to set up a team dedicated to boosting how long our phones , tablets and even electric cars can run for. and sources said the four-man team spends its days devising and testing different technologies from the flexible to the wearable. reports claim google is the latest firm to set up a team dedicated to boosting how long our phones , tablets and even electric cars -lrb- pictured -rrb- can run for. sources told the wall street journal that the four-man team spends its days devising and testing different technologies from the flexible to the wearable.
can rickie lambert sue for restraint of trade ? brendan rodgers has killed off lambert 's career and you 've got to feel sorry for the player. you ca n't blame him for joining liverpool -- why would he turn that down ? at the time he was a confident striker -- playing regularly in the premier league and scoring goals for southampton. rickie lambert has scarcely been given a chance since joining liverpool despite their striking problems. brendan rodgers ' decision to ignore lambert , in favour of mario balotelli , is completely illogical. this time last year lambert was about to play at a world cup for england but his stock has fallen since.
arsenal are the form team in europe at present , winning 10 games out of their last 11 , including seven in a row. players have returned from injury at the right time , olivier giroud ca n't stop scoring , hector bellerin and francis coquelin have emerged , while arsene wenger seems to have found his drive once again. but could there be something else ? with the gunners preparing for the premier league trip to burnley on saturday , one of their partners europcar have revealed how some of the first-team stars motivate themselves on the team bus with some interesting and uncharacteristic selections included.
an iditarod sled dog who escaped from handlers in anchorage has been found safe after being on the run for a month. alaskan husky , sarabi , was returned to a friend of the musher laura allaway , on monday night who will be reunited with the animal on april 28 when she returns from traveling. the three-year-old dog was spotted on april 15 near glenn highway and then again last friday near reverend tim carrick 's united protestant presbyterian church before being caught on monday night , according to ktuu. idiatrod sled dog sarabi escaped from handlers in anchorage but has been found safe a month after running away -lrb- sarabi pictured above -rrb-.
at last , some good news for sunderland and newcastle united -- apparently form goes out of the window in a derby. now is n't that a relief ? on sunday afternoon , both sets of supporters will have the chance to suspend the depressing reality of their current plight. during that same period -- 18 hours of football , no less -- they have scored four times between them , conceding 22 along the way. john carver issues instructions to his players during training on friday ahead of sunday 's derby. carver put his newcastle players through their paces during the session at st james ' park.
from kittens for sale to handymen for hire , the majority of ads posted in newsagents ' windows are practical ones. in the post , which has gone viral after being photographed and put online , the man sets out his requirements and offers ' a way of life with quality '. ` john ' who is reportedly a builder posted this advert in his local newsagents , it has since gone viral after it was spotted by a passer by. john posted his advert , which is written in capital letters in black pen , in the window of his local newsagents in muswell hill.
ian bell rescued england from a nightmare start with a century in the first test against west indies that was pay back time for being dropped during his last caribbean series. after his classy 143 had steered england to 341 for five , after they had been 34 for three , bell said that thoughts of him losing his place in 2009 was a big motivating factor. ' ian bell scored 143 on the first day of the first test against west indies in antigua on monday. the 33-year-old kisses the england badge on his helmet after his 22nd test match century.
when 18-year-old jackson byrnes was told he had only weeks to live , only one surgeon in australia was willing to perform the surgery that would either save his life , leave him paralysed or worse. incredibly , the teenager has woken up from having his catastrophic brain tumour removed with the ability to move his body , thank his surgeon and even to ask his relieved mother for food. jackson is a fighter ! ' his mother rhonda told daily mail australia. in recovery , jackson opened his eyes surrounded by his surgeon and family , who had been trying to prepare themselves for bad news.
flanked by johnny russell and will hughes , eric steele jigged over to the travelling derby supporters - the popular goalkeeping coach was in the mood to celebrate. after a first win in eight , they are back in this consuming promotion race and that six-week wobble is no longer. steele lapped up the adulation , entertaining 4,000 behind one goal of the dw stadium at which the rams wrapped up three crucial points. derby 's players celebrate after chris martin 's goal gave them the lead in the second half. steve mcclaren was all smiles as he took his place in the stands before the game.
british taekwondo fighter aaron cook has confirmed he plans to compete for moldova at the 2016 olympics in rio. dorset-born cook , 24 , who was overlooked for the great britain taekwondo squad at london 2012 , applied for citizenship after receiving funding from moldovan billionaire igor iuzefovici and has now received his passport from the small eastern european state. three time european champion aaron cook -lrb- right -rrb- has refused to fight for great britain since may 2012. the british taekwondo star has been granted citizenship by moldova and plans to fight for them in rio 2016. ' i am a fighter at heart and i am not going to throw away 20 years of dedication because of bureaucracy.
take it away : raymond allen , who opened the first kfc franchise , said he thinks the restaurant is ` dreadful ' and wo n't eat there again. the businessman who brought kfc to the uk but has only ever eaten it once , says he will not go again and branded the fast-food chain ` dreadful. ' raymond allen - who is only a handful of people in the world to know its secret recipe - opened the first franchise in preston , lancashire , in 1965. mr allen still has a personal hand-written copy of the recipe which is believed to be made up of 11 herbs and spices - and is a closely guarded secret by the firm.
a poll of 2,000 britons found that 68 per cent had hurt themselves doing odd jobs or decorating. a poll of 2,000 britons found that 68 per cent said they or their partner had hurt themselves doing odd jobs or decorating. two in five had injured their back , one in five had cut themselves and one in ten had suffered side effects from inhaling chemical fumes. a careless one in 30 suffered after getting paint or chemicals in their eyes and eight in 100 had fallen off a ladder , said research for the makers of pain relief brands deep heat and deep freeze.
a water main break in new york city caused evening commute hysteria wednesday as a surge of brown water poured into a west village subway tunnel sending travelers scrambling for cover and a different route home. the 12-inch water main broke around 6:45 pm at 13th street and seventh avenue in manhattan , reports cbs new york , shutting down three train lines in both directions. deluge : a water main break sent brownish water cascading down through the roof of a manhattan subway tunnel on wednesday. rush hour : the break occurred in the west village before 7pm while the evening rush was still going strong.
yet unless you grew up on a vineyard or had a wise wino whisper the secrets of their connoisseuring ways , it 's likely you do n't know the distinct differences between a cabernet sauvignon and a merlot and tend to swallow more than you spit it out at a wine tasting. dr alex russell , a sydney-based university lecturer who has worked in the wine retail industry for over 10 years -lrb- with a claim to fame selling the last $ 26,000 bottle of glenfiddich in the world -rrb- and whose completed a phd on ` the taste and smell perception of wine ' , shares his advice for wowing winos with your knowledge.
the good samaritan who pulled a driver from an suv hanging dangerously on the edge of a cliff spoke out for the first time on thursday to describe the rescue that was captured in a heart-stopping photo. jason warnock , 29 , was driving wednesday morning in lewiston , idaho when he saw debris near the road and looked up to see a vehicle crashed into a chain-link fence on the edge of a cliff. he then parked his car , ran up a pedestrian footbridge and pulled driver matthew sitko , 23 , out to safety. scroll down for videos.
lyon returned to the top of the ligue 1 table after securing a 2-2 draw from a topsy-turvy rhone valley derby match against saint-etienne at the stade de gerland on sunday night. romain hamouma put st-etienne ahead on the brink of half-time but the home side pressed for a result and christophe jallet equalised to clinch a point that sends his side to the summit. lyon 's clinton n'jie -lrb- left -rrb- gave his side the lead over saint-etienne on sunday night in the rhone derby. n'jie slots his one-on-one chance passed saint-etienne goalkeeper stephane ruffier. st etienne took the lead against 10-man lyon through midfielder romain hamouma -lrb- left -rrb-.
forget sober black and charcoal grey. those championing pink include christine lagarde , the first female chief executive of the international monetary fund , and plaid cymru 's leanne wood , who chose a bright shade of the colour for her live election debate last thursday. the pair are among a host of powerful women reaching for different shades of pink , according to the sunday times newspaper. scroll down for video. christine lagarde , the first female chief executive of the international monetary fund , left , in a pink chanel suit and plaid cymru 's leanne wood , right , chose hot pink for her live election debate last thursday.
the end-of-season awards will go to the best attacker but if there was a defender of the year , john terry would clean up. this has been his best season in a chelsea shirt. two seasons ago rafa benitez said he could n't cope with two games a week. so credit jose mourinho for trusting him and building that defence around him. terry has never had pace but that is not a problem as he reads the game so well. he did n't break sweat against arsenal and chelsea were too streetwise for arsene wenger 's team. john terry celebrates after the premier league match between arsenal and chelsea at emirates stadium.
a man has been pressured into resigning from his role as a women 's officer at a university student union after public pressure and an online petition demanded that he step down from the position. james ritchie was voted into the job at the tasmanian university union with a clear majority over a female candidate more than three weeks ago. james ritchie was forced to resign from his role as women 's officer for the tasmanian university union after public pressure and an online petition opposed the decision to employ a male for the job. the petition said mr ritchie ` was elected to the role of women 's officer unconstitutionally and unethically and yet the tuu staff refuses to disqualify his candidacy '.
to celebrate the 10th birthday of the football league awards , a team celebrating the best players from below england 's top tier during that decade has been put together , including a host of stars. the world 's most expensive footballer and real madrid star gareth bale heads the list of those who have spent time in anywhere between the second and fourth tier of english football. he is joined by seven current barclays premier league players as well as three outfielders and a manager still plugging away in the football league. goalkeeper. kasper schmeichel -lrb- darlington , bury , cardiff city , coventry city , notts county , leeds united , leicester city -rrb-.
passengers of an icelandair flight to denver on tuesday were left in a bit of shock after their plane was struck by lightning shortly after takeoff. though the boeing 757 continued its 3,700-mile journey from reykjavik , iceland , to denver , it was n't until the plane landed that passengers and crew were aware of a gaping hole in the nose of the plane. the hole was at a point in the plane where weather radars are housed , but the plane landed safely in denver and no one was injured. a plane was struck by lightning shortly after takeoff during a flight from reykjavik , iceland , to denver , colorado on tuesday.
but it emerged yesterday that when andy murray and his new bride had their first dance on saturday night , judy murray was strictly on the sidelines. the former star of strictly come dancing -- who frequently failed to impress the judges with her efforts -- left the newlyweds to it as they took to the floor at their reception in cromlix house hotel , following their wedding at dunblane cathedral in the afternoon. scroll down for video. love match : andy and kim after the ceremony at dunblane cathedral -lrb- left -rrb-. judy murray -lrb- pictured right during strictly come dancing -rrb- says she is ` terrible ' at dancing.
an artist with a surreal take on the natural world uses photoshop to create whimsical , mind-bending pictures that would give salvador dali a run for his money. anil saxena , from mumbai , uses ingenious retouching to create pictures of anything from a woman hanging a zebra 's stripes on the line to dry to a pair of hands knitting a green field. ' a woman in a colourful sari hangs up a zebra 's stripes on a washing line. the photographer who has a background in graphic design and cgi , initially retouched his pictures by hand. once he started digital retouching he was able to turn his pictures into more complex flights of fancy.
anti-semitic attacks surged worldwide by 38 per cent last year , with the highest number of incidents occurring in france , an annual study has revealed. the report , by tel aviv university 's kantor center for the study of contemporary european jewry , said 766 violent anti-semitic acts were carried out around the world last year - marking a huge increase from the previous year. arson , vandalism and direct threats against jews , synagogues and other jewish institutions were included in the figure , making 2014 the worst year for such attacks since 2009. anger in western europe over israel 's military offensive in the gaza strip last july and august , as well as anti-jewish caricatures in the media and social networks had helped to turn anti-semitism into an ` almost daily phenomena seen and felt in every sphere of life ' , the report said.
floyd mayweather and manny pacquiao are just days away from stepping into the ring for what promises to be a monumental clash. billed as the fight of the century , the mgm grand bout in las vegas has engaged fans inside and out of the sport of boxing. boxing fans will be able to buy commemorative jewellery ahead of floyd mayweather vs manny pacquiao. mayweather -lrb- left -rrb- will put his undefeated professional career on the line against pacquaio on saturday. the world boxing council in association with bwa -lrb- london -rrb- are launching a limited-edition jewellery range to mark the upcoming bout on friday , with the price yet to be revealed.
a nursing assistant stuffed a wet wipe into 96-year-old phyllis hadlow 's -lrb- pictured -rrb- mouth to silence the dementia patient 's screams. a hospital nursing assistant stuffed a wet wipe into a 96-year-old woman 's mouth to stop her screaming. deborah roberts , 53 , forced the tissue into phyllis hadlow 's mouth in an attempt to silence her in front of other nursing staff at kent and canterbury hospital. ' a court heard how roberts , 53 , mistreated mrs hadlow when the elderly widow was being treated at the hospital. roberts was found guilty of one count of ill-treatment or wilful neglect of a person without capacity following a two-day trial - but avoided a prison sentence.
ian joll was missing presumed dead after he was forced to crash land his plane on a dutch beach , but survived the incident to make it home to gravesend. when mabel joll opened the front door to see her son ian she fainted , believing she must have seen a ghost. ten minutes earlier mrs joll had received a telegram telling her that her son , squadron leader joll , was ` missing believed killed ' after he crash-landed his plane on a dutch beach during a strafing attack on a german aircraft in 1940. sq ldr joll had been involved in a strafing attack on german aircraft on may 10 , 1940 , when his plane was hit by ground fire and he was forced to crash land his bristol blenheim light bomber.
for around 20 per cent of the population , the thought of going to the doctors for an injection invokes a deep-rooted sense of dread. many avoid the doctor 's surgery altogether , leaving themselves open to the risk of various illnesses and infections. but for those terrified of needles , a team of scientists at rice university in houston , may have the answer. their invention numbs the skin prior to the jab by producing a rapid chemical reaction to cool the patient 's skin. scroll down for video. three first year students , -lrb- from l-r -rrb- mechanical engineer mike hua , bioengineer andy zhang and computer scientist greg allison , came up with the invention , they describe as ` simple and elegant ' the trio , made up of computer scientist greg allison , bioengineer andy zhang and mechanical engineer mike hua , currently has a functioning prototype , that has produced a numbing effect in just 60 seconds.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- fifteen buffalo were shot and killed on friday after a day on the loose in upstate new york. the chase , which took farmers and police officers from five jurisdictions through forests and over the hudson river , ended with `` snipers '' from the animals ' farm gunning down the buffalo from the side of the road , according to lt. thomas heffernan of the bethlehem police department. `` it was turning into the wild , wild , west , '' albany county sheriff craig apple told reporters on friday. `` they were setting up a perimeter around the animals in the secluded area , they got spooked and they charged through our guys , '' heffernan said.
nathan redmond had only been on the pitch for six minutes when he made the decisive intervention in this tightly-fought encounter , but what a crucial one it could prove to be. steven whittaker , with sharp eyes and precise feet , played redmond in down the right touchline , the ball hugging the white line as it went forward. redmond 's natural acceleration saw him spectacularly outpace joe bennett and his low cross was fired high into the net by bradley johnson at the back post. bradley johnson celebrates after firing home a second-half winner at the amex stadium. the norwich goalscorer showed his delight after scoring what turned out to be the winning goal.
stars like kate hudson , pharrell williams and gwen stefani have all seemingly discovered the fountain of youth , showing little to no signs of ageing over the past decade and while many have resorted to plastic surgery , these a-listers are still sporting glowing taut skin without going under the knife. here , femail rounds up the celebrities whose faces have n't changed for at least 10 years. scroll down for video. 14 years difference : actress kate hudson when she was 22 years old in 2001 -lrb- left -rrb- and now at 36 -lrb- right -rrb-. although a huge 14 years have passed between the two images , actress kate hudson , now 36 , looks the same as when she did when she was a young 20-something.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- greenpeace activists have climbed aboard a shell oil rig to protest the company 's plans to drill in the arctic near alaska. the six protesters used ropes and harnesses monday to scale the huge platform in the pacific ocean , tweeting images of their daunting climb as they went. `` everyone can help turn this into a platform for people power ! '' the rig , the polar pioneer , is on its way to the arctic via seattle. the environmental activists caught up with it about 750 miles northwest of hawaii , greenpeace said. but company spokeswoman kelly op de weegh told agence france-presse that the boarding was illegal and jeopardized the safety of the activists and the crew.
jen psaki thought the offer to be president barack obama 's communications director would n't last long. she figured white house chief of staff denis mcdonough had n't heard she 's expecting a baby girl in july. instead mcdonough - and later obama himself - assured psaki they would accommodate her needs as a new mom amid the west wing 's nonstop demands. a family-friendly administration : obama aides katie fallon -lrb- left -rrb- and jen psaki -lrb- right -rrb- are expecting babies in may and july of this year. high-ranking female administration officials becoming pregnant is virtually unheard of. what to expect when your expecting ... in the white house : psaki -lrb- left -rrb- says the white house knew she was pregnant when she was being considered for the communications director job , and that mr obama called her personally and assured her that maternity leave would not be an issue.
an armenian expat who shows australians how to cook a ` real barbecue ' has become an internet sensation after his daughter posted his hilarious video online. yervand garginian , a 60-year-old bus driver from south croydon in melbourne , filmed himself cooking chicken on an open charcoal barbecue using a traditional ` khorovats ' recipe at a recent family gathering. in the video mr garginian , who moved to australia from armenia in 1977 , dismisses the australian-style barbecue of cooking ` oily ' sausages. scroll down for video. an armenian expat who shows australians how to cook a ` real barbecue ' has become an internet sensation.
it appears nowadays that it is not an official holiday until you 've uploaded your pictures to instagram with the intention of letting all those at home know how incredible your time away is. from the food you ate for dinner , to the bags you lovingly packed for the plane , every detail of our ` luxurious ' travels can be documented for social media feeds. scroll down for video. instagram : the wondrous great wall of china -lrb- pictured without visitors -rrb- weaves its way through the rolling countryside. reality : brace yourself to battle your way through your walk , not only physically , but also through the hordes of tourists.
millions travel to witness the spectacular grand canyon every year , but few know that this arizona landscape is home to a secret tribe , hidden away in its depths. more than 600 people are part of the havasupai tribe , which is the smallest indian nation in america. scroll down for video. the havasupai tribe are the smallest indian nation in america , with just over 600 village inhabitants. positioned eight miles from the nearest road , the indian village of supai is concealed at the bottom of havasu canyon , in the heart of the havasupai nation reservation. the picturesque plot was claimed by the havasupai tribe from the national park rangers in 1975 , after many court battles.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- former australia cricket captain and legendary broadcaster richie benaud has died at the age of 84. `` after don bradman , there has been no australian player more famous than richie benaud , '' cricket australia said on its website. `` benaud stood at the top of the game throughout his rich life , first as a record-breaking leg-spinner and captain , and then as cricket 's most famous -- and most impersonated -- broadcaster. '' a veteran of 64 test matches , benaud was inducted into the sport australia hall of fame in 1985. while many regarded his voice as the soundtrack to an australian summer , benaud was equally revered by the cricketing public on the other side of the world where he spent more than four decades with the bbc taking the game into millions of british living rooms.
a texas mother who was intent on getting back stolen pieces of her husband 's truck set up a sting and met with the suspected criminal without realizing the alleged crook was packing heat. cristina coria , a stay-at-home mom with a nine-month old child , helped police nab the 18-year-old suspect and get back the bed of her husband 's custom-painted blue 2003 chevy stepside. scroll down for video. cristina coria used facebook and her wits to help police nab a man accused of stealing her husband 's truck. coria arranged to meet the suspect with her husband at a gas station parking lot near i-45 in houston , texas.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- deion sanders is such a dad. the nfl legend called out deion sanders jr. on twitter for saying he only eats `` hood doughnuts. '' in response , the elder sanders -- in front of his 912,000 followers -- reminded his son he has a trust fund , a condo and his own clothing line called `` well off. '' `` you 're a huxtable with a million $ trust fund. junior is a wide receiver at southern methodist university , an aspiring entrepreneur and occasional rapper. sanders jr. seemed to take the public browbeating in stride , retweeting his father 's comments.
but this wing-suit pilot , dubbed the flying dagger , has described the world 's tallest volcanic stack just off the coast of australia as ` the single most beautiful place i have ever been '. jeb corliss jumped over the 562m high ball 's pyramid near lord howe island , in the tasman sea between australia and new zealand , documenting his flight over the stunning site. scroll down for video. us-born jeb corliss jumped over the 562m high ball 's pyramid at lord howe island , just off the australian coast. ball 's pyramid near lord howe island is located in the tasman sea between australia and new zealand.
ambulance bosses are routinely making a 21,500-mile round trip to australia to hire paramedics on # 4,500 ` golden hello ' payments because it is far cheaper than training them in britain. managers from the london ambulance service , the largest in the nhs , have just filled 225 vacant posts with applicants from sydney and melbourne. ambulance bosses are routinely making a 21,500-mile round trip to australia to hire paramedics on # 4,500 ` golden hello ' payments. the selection process , held at five-star hotels , was so quick that by 8am the next day applicants had received an email informing them if they had a job.
germany 's angelique kerber came from a set down to outmuscle caroline wozniacki 3-6 , 6-1 , 7-5 on sunday and win the stuttgart grand prix for her second title of the season. kerber , ranked 14th in the world , completed a memorable week where she beat top seed maria sharapova and sixth seed ekaterina makarova in previous rounds. ' angelique kerber poses with her trophy and new sports car after winning the porsche grand prix. kerber -lrb- right -rrb- is congratulated by caroline wozniacki after a thrilling three-set final. kerber falls to the ground in celebration after the german clinches victory in stuttgart.
' and , after quitting their restaurant jobs in manchester , the intrepid cyclists are doing it as cheaply as they possibly can. spanish pablo , 27 , and latvian ilze , 31 , who met in riga in 2011 , are off to a flying start as they approach their first year of their open-ended odyssey on the road. ilze zebolde , 31 , takes in her surrounds as she and pablo mandado take a break in their cycle journey around the world. pablo , 27 , and ilze , 31 , stop for a picture in bosnia , one of the 16 countries they 've been through since leaving london last year.
freckly-faced carrot tops once mocked for their distinctive hair are flourishing into flame-haired sex symbols as the redhead takes the celebrity world by storm. from hollywood starlets and musical sex symbols to a certain member of the royal family , according to copper-locked actor damian lewis , his hair colour is having a moment on screens both big and small. scroll down for video. ` this might be a unique moment in recent history : redheads everywhere are doing well - prince harry , ed sheeran , julianne moore , me , lily cole. ' in truth , many of us have nurtured secret crushes on those with bold barnets for years , with prince harry transforming from a cute ginger kid into a bone-fide hot-haired hunk before the nation 's eyes.
but one desperate man has forked out nearly $ 4000 for a written message in the sky in an attempt to seek forgiveness. brisbane locals were left scratching their heads after the mysterious message ` i 'm sorry ' followed by a love heart and two crosses for kisses was splashed across the city 's clear blue sky on monday afternoon. the aerial apology hovered above the cbd at about 1pm , prompting several people to jump onto social media to question and voice their theories about who had done what. one desperate man has forked out nearly $ 4000 for a written message in the sky in a bid to seek forgiveness.
it 's the worst storm to hit the nsw coast in a decade , but what everyone in the region wants to know is why no warning was given that it was going to be this bad. climate specialist don white from weatherwatch australia confirmed that severe weather warnings were issued by the bureau of meteorology on sunday. ` the storm was forecast to form between port macquarie and newcastle - that 's as about as accurate as they could have predicted. but it turned out to hit closer to newcastle than port macquarie , ' mr white told daily mail australia.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- the latest outbreak of bird flu -- the worst in the u.s. since the 1980s -- is not a likely threat to humans , reports the centers for disease control and prevention. but as with any potential threat to human health , they are preparing for the worst just in case. the cdc and the united states department of agriculture held a press conference wednesday to talk about preparations. `` the risk to humans is low , our food supply is safe , '' said dr. john clifford , the usda 's chief veterinary officer. '' since mid-december , 16 states have seen bird flu turn up in commercial poultry , backyard chickens , and in flocks of wild and captive wild birds , according to the cdc.
wing 's chinese restaurant is in manchester city centre , and attracts a certain type of clientele. wing 's has been ` recommended in the mitchelin guide for the past eight years ' , according to their website , but how else does it lure manchester 's footballers and stars back time and time again like moths to a flame ? here 's all you need to know about wing 's restaurant. the class of '92 -- gary and phil neville , ryan giggs , paul scholes and nicky butt , minus david beckham -- previously dined there. yet more regular visitors include current first-team players and their manager.
target : groups of men and women were asked whether they would kill a young hitler -lrb- pictured above aged 25 -rrb- to prevent wwii. the answer , according to a recent scientific study , has a lot to do with your gender ; and women are far more reluctant to cause any harm in the short term in order to get a better result in the long run. they found that significantly more men than women would kill to save lives further down the line , while women were more troubled by the act itself and would often decide to do nothing.
an oregon lawmaker proposed legislation monday creating uniform standards for hand dryers in public restrooms. the bill says that the recent proliferation of powerful dryers is efficient , but can sometimes trigger ringing of in the ears , or cause discomfort for people with development or sensory disabilities. the measure would require all new or replacement dryers to operate at a noise level no louder than 84 decibels. a measure proposed to the oregon legislature would require all new or replacement dryers to operate at a noise level no louder than 84 decibels , about as loud as a school cafeteria.
a 26-year-old mexico native vanished without a trace in utah a week ago , and now elizabeth smart and her father have joined the effort to find the missing woman. there is no evidence she was kidnapped , but she has n't made contact with anybody since she disappeared april 16 , provo police chief john king said. mystery : provo police chief john king said friday that there is no evidence salgado was kidnapped , but he says they are very worried because she has n't made contact with anybody for longer than a week. a volunteer search is scheduled for saturday morning in provo.
however , you might be more surprised to see shot glasses emblazoned with david cameron 's face , ukip pendents and even party leader underwear appearing on shelves. this year 's election has bought with it a bizarre batch of merchandise in a bid to sway the nation. scroll down for video. david cameron is said to have watched bake off in the past which could explain these cake cases. perhaps dad might like an snp decanter for his wine , or mum could bake in her new set of conservative cupcake cases , while ukip have focused on a more wearable range of accessories.
whether you sprout the odd grey hair , spend hours eradicating them or let your silver locks flow free , the latest hair trend is good news for women everywhere. grey hair is on trend with silver hair lovers the world over posting images on social media under the hashtag #grannyhair. instagram is awash with the grey haired images - from beauty shots featuring professional models to selfies uploaded by proud grey haired instagrammers. scroll down for video. com -rrb- is one of the many photographers who has embraced the trend , with eye-catching beauty image of a model with tumbling grey locks.
john sutton jr has spent the first saturday of may the same way since he was 8 years old - on the sidelines of the kentucky derby. to commemorate his dedication to horse racing , churchill downs - the track that hosts the race every year - is inviting the 84-year-old man to attend his 76th-straight kentucky derby as their special guest on may 2. scroll down for video. dedicated : churchill downs is inviting john sutton jr , 84 , to attend the kentucky derby as their special guest on may 2 , since he has attended every race for the past 76 years.
aaron taylor-johnson was just 19 when he met wife sam , then 42 , on the set of nowhere boy in 2009 in which he played the young john lennon and she directed him. six years , one marriage and two children later , the hollywood actor has revealed that he does n't even notice the age gap because of his mature nature - he is so grown up that friends of the couple call him benjamin button after brad pitt 's character in the 2008 film the curious case of benjamin button , who ages in reverse. scroll down for video.
a lack of iron , especially in women , is known to trigger hair loss , possibly because it means less oxygen is delivered to the hair follicle , but should you take iron pills to treat it ? ` this is a bit of a moot point , ' says dr vicky jolliffe , a consultant dermatologist at the royal london hospital and a specialist in hair loss. ' meal : eating protein with every meal is vital to strong , healthy hair , as hair consists of protein , experts say. sally-ann tarver , a former president of the trichological society now based at the cotswold trichology centre , recommends florisene pills -lrb- # 15.95 , lambertshealthcare.co.uk -rrb- , which contain iron , because these do n't seem to cause the digestive irritation linked to standard pills.
almost 20,000 years ago a woman was buried deep within a cave on the iberian peninsula , stained in sparkling red paint and adorned in yellow flowers. her grave provides the first evidence of an ancient magdalenian burial in the region and an engraved stone found near her remains appears to have been a makeshift tombstone. the red lady 's remains -lrb- burial site pictured -rrb- were found in the el mirón cave in cantabria , spain. radiocarbon dating suggests she was buried 18,700 years ago. when the remains were first uncovered they were stained with a sparking red material , later found to be red ochre from a haematite crystal.
for most people , spotting a google street view car is an interesting , if uneventful , point in the day. ` time to shine ' : nasr bitar saw taking the perfect selfie with google street view as a chance to ` shine ' tracked : it was the first time nasr had seen a street view car , and he followed it in his own vehicle. having figured out the pattern the street view car was following , nasr parked his car , jumped out and got in position - just in time to take the snap. he told petapixel.com : ' i was driving home when i saw the google car drive towards me.
congratulations to australia for seeing sense and dropping the ridiculous policy of not selecting their best players if they are playing overseas. stuart lancaster must be free to pick his best players , no matter where in the world they ply their trade. if roy hodgson 's star names moved to bayern munich or barcelona , would the fa tell him not to pick them ? absolutely not. the same needs to apply to rugby. matt giteau 's stellar displays for toulon have put him back on the wallabies radar ahead of the world cup. the game is changing and australia have realised that.
a 26-year-old woman has been arrested for ` facebook thugging ' after posting a photo of herself pointing a gun on the social networking site in response to other users ' ` misdirected threats '. kristin holmes allegedly uploaded the controversial image - in which she is seen beaming while holding the deadly weapon - after she was mistaken for another woman during a facebook feud. illegal image : kristin holmes , 26 , has been arrested for ` facebook thugging ' after posting this photo of herself pointing a gun -lrb- pictured -rrb- on the social networking site in response to other users ' ` misdirected threats ' ` threatening ' : she captioned the photo -lrb- pictured -rrb- : ` i 'll post a few actual pics of me so you know the difference when you `` come find me ''.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- getting caught napping on the job is never good. getting caught napping on the job in the cargo hold of a plane takes it to a whole different level. alaska airlines flight 448 was just barely on its way to los angeles from seattle-tacoma international airport on monday afternoon when the pilot reported hearing unusual banging from the cargo hold. the banging in the cargo hold did come from a person and he turned out to be a ramp agent from menzies aviation , a contractor for alaska airlines that handles loading the luggage , the airline said.
sam reese , a male model who recently appeared on channel 4 's first dates reality match-making show , has received death threats over his behaviour on the programme. the 22-year-old 's crime was to ask his date kathleen to split the bill with him rather than pick up the tab himself - an action which sparked a slew of furious responses on twitter. ' sam reese , a male model who recently appeared on channel 4 's first dates show , has received death threats over his behaviour on the program. sam , who was reportedly seen ` cosying up ' with hollyoaks star stephanie davis over the weekend , unsurprisingly admits his televised date was not a resounding success.
paris saint-germain playmaker lucas moura has revealed he is ` obsessed ' with the way fellow south american lionel messi plays football. brazilians and argentines are known to be rivals when it comes to football , however moura has singled out messi for special praise ahead of his side 's champions league encounter against barcelona. psg star lucas moura has lauded lionel messi ahead of his side 's champions league encounter. moura has singled out messi for special praise ahead of wednesday night 's match at parc des princes. ` we must be realistic and messi is the best. of course , there is always a rivalry between brazil and argentina but we are a football country.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- this is the end. for `` mad men , '' the `` end of an era , '' as its slogan has it , begins sunday. over the past eight years , the show about a 1960s advertising agency and its collision with changing times has become part of the national fabric , if never a huge ratings hit. stores have created fashion lines inspired by the show ; there have been `` mad men '' cocktails and `` mad men '' museum exhibits and even `` mad men '' presidential references. in march , a `` mad men '' bench was unveiled in front of new york 's time & life building , where the fictional firm of sterling cooper & partners has its headquarters.
the broccoli chemical sulforaphane is known to block the inflammation and damage to cartilage associated with arthritis -lrb- file picture -rrb-. an artificial version of a compound in broccoli could hold the key to treating arthritis , say researchers. the broccoli chemical sulforaphane is known to block the inflammation and damage to cartilage associated with the condition. but patients would have to eat several pounds of the vegetable every day to derive any significant benefit. but uk drug company evgen pharma has developed a stable synthetic version of the chemical that offers the potential of a pill treatment. a single dose of the drug , known as sulforadex or sfx-01 , is the equivalent of eating 5.5 lb of broccoli in one day.
democratic presidential front-runner hillary clinton 's security detail led a handful of journalists on two lengthy high-speed chases to homes of influential democrats on monday. but a lunchtime visit to a main-street bakery and two more appointments later in the day were off-the-books and under the public 's radar. if police radar had been engaged , however , it would have clocked hillary 's signature black conversion van - ` scooby ' , for the uninitiated -- hitting 92 mph in a driving rainstorm on interstate 89 , where the top speed limit is 65. scroll down for videos. speed demons : clinton 's motorcade raced around new hampshire on monday.
adding a gritty edge to tuesday at mercedes benz fashion week australia , phoenix keating , alice mccall , zhivago and khim hangall embraced a raw , punk style on the catwalk. punk fashion took to the runway at sydney 's carriageworks , with stocking caps , fishnets , tattoos and leather harnesses reigning the catwalk. khim hang , 22 , displayed a bold collection with brooding models donning stocking caps and attire that could be likened to that of war soldiers. scroll down for video. eighties revival : fishnets were brought back into fashion in the new phoenix keating collection.
when andriy shevchenko netted the winning penalty to condemn juventus to defeat in the 2003 champions league final , they surely would not have envisaged it would take them this long to get back to europe 's top table. that penalty shootout followed a 0-0 draw which saw ac milan crowned european champions in the first all-italian final. another goalless draw , this time against monaco on wednesday night , was more successful for turin 's old lady as they reached the champions league semi-finals with bayern munich , real madrid and barcelona on the horizon. gianluigi buffon was celebrated reaching the champions league semi-finals , 12 years after final heartbreak.
under pressure bayern munich manager pep guardiola has revealed that ` only the treble is enough ' for his team as they attempt to overturn their 3-1 deficit against porto in the champions league. bayern host the portuguese side on tuesday and guardiola is confident the bundesliga leaders will emerge victorious. ' i am completely convinced that my players will take their chances , ' guardiola said. only the treble is enough. ' pep guardiola is targeting winning three trophies with bayern munich this season. guardiola 's side have a 12-point lead atop the bundesliga and are in the german cup semi-final.
an innocent man who spent more than 30 years on death row for a murder he did n't commit has come face-to-face with the prosecutor who put him there. glenn ford , who was diagnosed with stage four lung cancer after his release last year , was too weak to stand when marty stroud walked into his louisiana home last week but shook his hand. ' scroll down for videos. apology : marty stroud , left , visited glenn ford , right , at his home to apologize for putting him behind bars for 30 years for a murder he did n't commit.
a city high flier jumped ` feet first ' in front of a train after leaving his job at an investment management company to spend more time with his family , an inquest heard today. jay kantaria , 38 , from harrow , north-west london , had been looking forward to his daughter 's birthday party when he leapt onto the tracks at his local station of sudbury hill. but a coroner recorded an open verdict on the cause of death , saying there was ` doubt ' as to mr kantaria 's intention when he jumped as a train passed through the station last october.
smartly dressed in a bowler hat and waistcoat , these civilians may look like respectable members of society in edwardian england. in fact , they were the drunkards banned from every boozer in birmingham for a string of crimes including drink-driving a steam engine , riding a horse while drunk and being intoxicated to the point of ` complete incompetence '. the list was then sent to landlords who were not allowed to sell them alcohol. scroll down for video. boozy : kitted out in a bowler hat and waistcoat , he may appear to be a right-thinking member of edwardian england , but matthew moran was banned from every pub in birmingham at the turn of the century.
joel ward has put pen to paper on a new three-and-a-half year contract at crystal palace , keeping him at the south london club until the summer of 2018. the 25-year-old , who has impressed at both left and right back for the eagles this season , has been a mainstay in the first team , making 35 appearances in all competitions. speaking to the club 's official website about his new deal , ward said : ` i 'm really pleased. ' crystal palace right back joel ward has signed a new three-and-a-half year deal with the south london club.
from shailene woodley colouring her lips with roasted beetroot to kate moss submerging her face in cucumber water , it seems the stars ' best kept beauty hacks start in the kitchen. insurgent actress shailene , who is a big fan of natural beauty , has confessed to cooking the vibrant vegetable to use it as an alternative to lipstick. insurgent actress shailene woodley colours her lips with roasted beetroot rather than lipstick ... and she 's not the only celebrity who favours natural beauty products. beets are amazing. ' the 23-year-old star is n't the only celebrity who swears by unusual products when it comes to looking her best.
the most popular cities in the world are often instantly recognisable thanks to their world-famous landmarks. but what would these cities look like if they did not have their prized attractions ? that 's what one studio asked its designers , and the images it received back were certainly illuminating. scroll down for video. the iconic tower , on the champ de mars , was opened in 1889 and has come to define the french capital. the arc de triomphe was constructed in 1806 , and is the centrepiece of place charles de gaulle at the end of the champs-Élysées. the imposing monument celebrates france 's military glories and also its military heroes - tourists can climb up tot the roof for beautiful views of paris.
shirley temple 's bitter ex-husband tried to derail her appointment to a diplomatic post by calling her 'em otionally unstable ' during her fbi background check. john george agar told an agent in 1969 to think twice because temple would ` overreact if she did n't get her way '. he also said that her mother had wrecked their marriage because she interfered in their affairs too much. scroll down for video. child star : shirley temple made her name as the child actor who cheered america through the depression but in later years she was a committed republican who wanted to serve her country.
paris saint-germain star david luiz 's ` joker ' status in the dressing room at chelsea was well documented , and he teamed up with ezequiel lavezzi to play a prank on birthday boy zoumana camara. the # 50million centre back was part of a duo who conspired to dunk the 36-year-old 's face into his cake on his special day as psg prepare for their ligue 1 trip to face marseille on sunday. paris saint-germain birthday boy zoumana camara poses with a cake at their training ground on friday. camara gets dunked into his birthday cake in a prank set up by his team-mates on friday afternoon.
a few blocks from the finish line and even closer to the spot where the second bomb exploded during the 2013 boston marathon , race organizers are building a combination clubhouse , interactive museum and retail store that , for the first time , gives them a year-round , public presence. the boston runbase scheduled to open april 16 will allow visitors to learn about the world 's most prestigious road race , run a replica of the course on a treadmill or see artifacts from its 118-year history. construction : joe clifford paints the ceiling of runbase near the 26-mile mark of the boston marathon , in boston on wednesday.
a schoolboy with a rare illness which means he is allergic to sunlight has been racially abused in the street because of the brown suncream he has to wear. he suffers from the condition erythropoietic protoporphyria , whose victims are nicknamed ` real-life vampires ' because their skin can not be exposed to direct sunlight. james creag must use the special brown suncream -lrb- pictured -rrb- as he suffers from a rare sunlight allergy. james , from salford in greater manchester , was given dundee reflective sunscreen , a thick brown paste which blocks out the light. ' the unfortunate schoolboy has to wear a long-sleeved shirt , trousers , and gloves in all weather so he is not harmed by the sun , which would be like having ` boiling water poured on him '.
at the age of 42 , san francisco-based journalist robin rinaldi believed she had accidentally succeeded in conceiving a longed - for child. the pregnancy test turned out to be wrong , but her husband scott was n't taking any more chances : he got a vasectomy. rinaldi 's response was to demand an open marriage and bed 12 strangers in as many months. robin rinaldi -lrb- pictured -rrb- demanded an open marriage from her husband , scott after he had a vasectomy. after his vasectomy , rinaldi 's discontent settles onto her failure to sleep around when she was single.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- the best part of the supreme court oral arguments about marriage equality was when justice ruth bader ginsburg alluded to s&m. '' `` yes , it was marriage between a man and a woman , but the man decided where the couple would be domiciled , '' said ginsburg. '' mary bonauto , the attorney arguing on behalf of the four same-sex couples who petitioned the supreme court , said in response : `` that 's correct. and again , because of equality and changing social circumstances , all of those gender differences in the rights and responsibilities of the married pair have been eliminated.
west ham united 's on-loan barcelona midfielder alex song has picked his #one2eleven of stars he played alongside throughout his career , on the fantasy football club on sky sports. song , who has also played for arsenal as well as representing cameroon at international level , has picked a mixture of talent in his squad. watch #one2eleven every friday evening on the fantasy football club , sky sports 1 or catch up on demand. goalkeeper : carlos kameni. he could have played at one of the top teams in the premier league. alex song believes cameroon goalkeeper carlos kameni could have played in the premier league.
she only gave birth to daughter james three months ago , but blake lively is already showcasing her incredible post-baby body in all its glory. the 27-year-old actress , who welcomed her first child with ryan reynolds in january , has been out and about promoting her upcoming movie roles -lrb- and her new figure -rrb-. blake lively shows off her post-baby body in a plunging pink dress as she arrives at the live with kelly and michael studios in new york on tuesday morning. although she has been parading her enviable curves at various events to promote her new movie , age of adaline , in which she stars alongside michiel huisman and harrison ford , blake says losing weight has n't been a priority.
but it is not lookalike harry styles who will carry the northern irishman 's bag in the par-three tournament but keen golfer niall horan as mcilroy looks for a little light relief before his first attempt to complete a career grand slam. one direction released their debut album in 2011 , the same year mcilroy won his first major , so you could say they have mirrored each other , hit for greatest hit. rory mcilroy watches a tee shot during a practice round prior to the start of the 2015 masters tournament. mcilroy alongside his caddie caroline wozniacki during the 2014 par 3 contest in augusta.
a father and son were shot dead in an execution-style murder moments after party guests left their home in a quiet neighborhood. nicholas pence , 25 , and his father david , an oil company manager , had been celebrating a victorious football game in their garage in new orleans , louisiana , on wednesday. they were found by david 's wife , nicholas 's mother , who had been in a bedroom when she heard gun shots. scroll down for video. shocking : nicholas pence , 25 , -lrb- left -rrb- and his father david , 56 , -lrb- right -rrb- were shot dead ` execution-style ' at home on wednesday night after a football party in their garage , or ` man cave '.
comics at the bbc must go through a lengthy process to get some jokes on air because the corporation is extra-wary about causing offence , an editor at the company has claimed. comics at the bbc must go through a lengthy process to get jokes on air , including some being looked over by director general lord hall -lrb- left -rrb- , an editor at the company claimed. it is because the corporation is extra-wary about causing offence - like in the sachsgate scandal involving russell brand and jonathan ross -lrb- right -rrb-. ' the strict rules come after a ` difficult few years ' following the sachsgate scandal , where ross and brand left lewd messages on andrew sachs ' -lrb- left -rrb- voicemail , mr sussman added.
saudi arabian footballer emad sahabi suffered a gruesome broken ankle while playing for his club al orubah against al shoalah. the match came to halt on 19 minutes when the midfielder 's ankle appeared to have twisted 180 degrees after chasing down the ball - much to the horror of his team-mates. al orubah went on to win the game 2-0 but the result was overshadowed by sahabi 's horror injury. the break brings back the nightmare injuries suffered by arsenal duo eduardo and aaron ramsey a few years ago. the midfielder suffered the injury while chasing a ball down after just 19 minutes into the game .
a college basketball coach , a bar owner and a businessman were among seven killed in a private plane crash as they returned from the ncaa championship game. illinois state associate coach torrey ward , meat processing business owner scott bittner and bar owner terry stralow have been confirmed as among the dead when the cessna 414 crashed near bloomington , illinois , shortly after midnight on tuesday. the party had been at the ncaa championship game between duke and wisconsin in indianapolis , and ward had made a last tweet showing off his transport to the game. isu 's deputy director of athletics for external affairs , aaron leetch , was also killed in the crash about two miles away from central illinois regional airport.
a personal trainer who claims to have helped gwen stefani get into shape hit a woman so hard that she lost a tooth and was left lying unconscious in a pool of blood , a court has hard. mike heatlie , 42 , launched the violent attack on fiona mccartney outside a nightclub in edinburgh because she did not give him a cigarette. heatlie , from edinburgh , was once voted as one of the city 's most eligible bachelors and claims to have helped train stefani before her 2009 u.s tour. personal trainer mike heatlie , 42 , -lrb- left -rrb- , who claims to have previously work with gwen stefani , launched the violent attack on fiona mccartney , 43 , -lrb- right -rrb- outside a nightclub in edinburgh.
dallas mavericks owner mark cuban advised twitterers to have their blood tested for everything available -- and to do so every three months. following her mother 's cancer diagnosis , singer taylor swift urged her fans to remind their parents to get screening tests. and arizona gov. doug ducey signed legislation to allow arizonans to get any lab test without a doctor 's order. but there are many lab tests to order on yourself : medicare 's clinical diagnostic laboratory fee schedule lists over a thousand. they are not all blood tests , but a lot of them are. and since blood tests require blood , you would surely develop at least one medical problem if you actually followed mr. cuban 's advice to get them all : anemia.
we were told he was one of the men running this `` unofficial '' displaced camp -- one of the many that has mushroomed in the town of yola as the influx of people fleeing boko haram has grown beyond the capacity of the official camps. '' in spite of the harsh measures the nigerian government has put in place to punish human traffickers , by the government 's own admission , 8 million children are currently engaged in forced labor. the global slavery index says nigeria has the highest number of people in modern slavery of any sub-saharan country. paradoxically , the group also rates nigeria 's anti-trafficking agency , naptip , as one of the strongest government responses on the continent -- but it 's clearly overwhelmed by the realities of working in what is now a zone of military operations , nigeria 's north.
ed balls has been accused of treating the public with ` contempt ' after dismissing as a ` joke ' the infamous labour note admitting the party had blown the nation 's finances. the shadow chancellor said the letter , left in the treasury by the former labour minister liam byrne in 2010 , was just a ` jokey note '. mr byrne 's glib note to his successor as treasury secretary stated : ` dear chief secretary , i 'm afraid there is no money. ' scroll down for video. damaging : labour 's liam byrne sent left this handwritten note to his successor before he left the treasury in 2010.
arsene wenger rejoiced when didier drogba left chelsea for shanghai shenhua in 2012 , with the ivorian striker departing england with a formidable scoring record of 13 goals in 14 games against arsenal. ' i do n't know how much chelsea miss him but we do n't miss him , ' wenger said of the man who averages a goal every 78 minutes and 20 seconds against his team. didier drogba has 15 goals in 15 games for chelsea against arsenal , averaging one every 78 minutes. drogba 's first goals against came in the 2005 community shield , scoring both as chelsea beat arsenal 2-1.
abc 's world news tonight evening newscast has officially overtaken underfire rival nbc 's nightly news in the ratings war for the first time in more than five and a half years. according to nielsen ratings , abc 's world news tonight with david muir attracted 84,000 more viewers for the week ending april 3 , with the show pulling in 7.997 million viewers compared to nightly 's 7.913 million. david muir 's world news tonight evening newscast has officially overtaken underfire rival nbc 's nightly news in the ratings war for the first time in more than five and a half years.
volvo teamed up with a swedish start-up to make a light reflective spray for cyclists , called life paint. volvo is known for making cars packed with safety features but it 's a low-tech safety solution for cyclists that has proved a surprising success. the car manufacturer teamed up with a sweden-based start-up to make a temporary light reflective spray for cyclists , called life paint. the paint has proved so popular that the trial cans up for grabs at certain cycling shops in london were snapped up in days. volvo launched the paint to increase the visibility of cyclists on the road.
shaving , waxing , plucking - many of us spend hours getting rid of body hair. but this week , singer miley cyrus decided to challenge convention and leave her underarms unshaved - perhaps she 's onto something , as there may be health benefits to having an ample covering of fuzz. singer miley cyrus this week shocked fans with this photo by challenging convention - and leaving her underarms unshaved. how body hair helps your skin heal. hair anywhere on the body is important for maintaining skin health , explains des tobin , a professor of cell biology at the university of bradford.
aaron hernandez looked full of promise in his 2007 high school yearbook picture. aaron hernandez was a rapidly rising star in the nfl. he was a key part of the new england patriots offense , played in the super bowl and had signed a massive five-year contract extension that would pay him nearly $ 40million. but even before the murder of odin lloyd in june 2013 - a crime for which he will now spend the rest of his life in prison - hernandez was not the golden boy he seemed to be. his arrest for lloyd 's murder was not the beginning of his criminal career - but rather just the first time he 's been held accountable for his actions.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- canadian actor jonathan crombie , who co-starred in the `` anne of green gables '' tv movies , died this week at age 48. crombie died wednesday from complications of a brain hemorrhage , `` anne of green gables '' producer kevin sullivan said. `` i will remember him as someone who worked extremely hard to make the roles he played onscreen come to life. '' based on canadian author lucy maud montgomery 's children 's books , `` anne of green gables '' debuted in canada on cbc tv in 1984 and became a cultural touchstone. the plot focused on the adventures of fiery orphan anne shirley , played by megan follows , who is sent to live on a farm in prince edward island.
jameela spent # 3,000 on having all her amalgam fillings removed and replaced with white fillings. yet the 29-year-old broadcaster is convinced her teeth - or rather , the dental work done on them - triggered a host of health problems that plagued her for nearly seven years. jameela thought she might have a serious disease such as lupus , an auto-immune condition which can cause inflammation and swelling in the joints and other parts of the body. dental amalgam has been used for more than 150 years , and every year 12 million fillings made from it are given to patients in britain.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- in 2001 , the taliban wiped out 1700 years of history in a matter of seconds , by blowing up ancient buddha statues in central afghanistan with dynamite. now cyark , a non-profit company founded by an iraqi-born engineer , is using groundbreaking laser scanning to ensure that -- at the very least -- incredibly accurate digital versions of the world 's treasures will stay with us forever. ben kacyra was born in mosul , iraq , in 1940. he moved to the united states in 1964 , and in the 1990s he was instrumental in the design of the first portable laser scanner.
tokyo -lrb- cnn -rrb- the operator of the crippled fukushima daiichi nuclear plant has given up trying to recover a robotic probe after it stopped moving inside one of the reactors. tokyo electric power company -lrb- tepco -rrb- deployed the remote-controlled robot on friday inside one of the damaged reactors that had suffered a meltdown following a devastating earthquake and tsunami in 2011. the robot , set out to collect data on radiation levels and investigate the spread of debris , stalled after moving about 10 meters , according to a statement released by tepco. a newly released report and footage from the robot shows that a fallen object had blocked its path and left it stranded.
a sorority housekeeper at the university of southern california was left screaming with joy after her ` girls ' gifted her $ 21,000 to buy herself the brand new car she was saving up for. '' ' scroll down for video. total shock : ms randle , who has been working at the usc sorority house for 24 years , shouted with joy after the surprise was revealed. miss jewell enlisted her sorority sisters and several former gamma phi beta alumni , as well as their friends and family , to raise money for ms randle 's new car on the crowdsourcing website gofundme.
known for his life of fast cars , supermodels , and heavy-duty firearms , dan bilzerian is perhaps the last man you would expect to be fronting a video about responsible gun use. but the so-called ` king of instagram ' has been forced into making a public safety announcement in order to avoid jail after being arrested for placing homemade explosives into a tractor before shooting them. dead pan : speaking from a desk in his home , complete with gun candle holder -lrb- rear left -rrb- , an action model of himself -lrb- front left -rrb- , dan bilzerian has been forced into making this film about responsible gun ownership.
and after achieving global success as one of the world 's most famous supermodels , gisele bundchen took one last strut down the catwalk on wednesday. the 34-year-old beauty - who has announced she 's retiring from the runway - was seen walking for colcci during são paulo fashion week in her native brazil , wearing a selection of summery ensembles. scroll down for video. her swan song : gisele bunchen sashayed down the catwalk for the last time at são paulo fashion week on wednesday. it 's goodbye : a teary-eyed gisele shared this photo on instagram revealing the experience of walking the catwalk for the last time and the rousing send-off she received had left her speechless.
flower pattern : miriam gonzález durántez wore a particularly colourful ensemble to a fashion show and award gala in central london tonight. she is known for her bold choices and this exotic look was no exception. the lawyer , wife of the deputy prime minister and mother of three boys , wore a particularly colourful ensemble to a fashion show and award gala in central london tonight. her bright pink , long-sleeved dress was covered in bright blooms at the ldny fashion show and wie -lrb- women : inspiration and enterprise -rrb- award gala at goldsmiths ' hall celebrating inspirational women and ethical fashion.
nigel farage has revealed his preparation technique for tonight 's crunch election debate -- no booze until 6pm. the ukip leader said he wanted to ` keep his mind as clear as possible ' before the two-hour live tv showdown. but he admitted that he would break his drink ban at 6pm before heading into the studio for the showdown against britain 's six other political party leaders. admitted that he would break his drink ban at 6pm before heading into the studio for the showdown against britain 's six other political party leaders. ' a ukip aide had previously admitted mr farage would have a drink or two ahead of the debate.
a firm linked to the sale of nhs patient data is offering details of eating disorder sufferers for just 12p a head , the mail can reveal today. it has also offered to supply names of those suffering from stress , hair loss , dandruff , impotence and snoring. even details of dieters and those who have had plastic surgery appear on the list of data for sale. the mail has this week exposed companies that have secretly sold private financial and medical information without proper checks. a third investigation has been launched by the general pharmaceutical council into pharmacy2u , the uk 's biggest online pharmacy.
downton abbey fans left reeling that the hit show is coming to an end can rejoice -- for the sharp-tongued dowager countess is among a clutch of characters who may return to our screens. played by dame maggie smith in the itv drama , violet , countess of grantham may be coming back in the new american show the gilded age , from downton creator julian fellowes. scroll down for video. played by dame maggie smith in the itv drama , violet , countess of grantham may be coming back in the new american show the gilded age. lord fellowes told the mail on sunday : ` robert grantham would be in his early teens , cora would be a child.
so the decision to enrol such a child on to a trial for largely untested treatments that may save them , but may make them suffer far more , is another kind of mental anguish altogether. battler : chloe ballouqui during her treatment. in the film they reveal with heroic honesty why they are willing to risk their lives as they become the first children in the world to go through a pioneering treatment called immunotherapy. and it is a necessary part of the process that discovers new treatments that ultimately offer hope to other young cancer patients. sophie ryan-palmer , 12 , fabian bates , nine , and chloe balloqui , three , are patients at great ormond street hospital , london , the leading british centre for treatment of child cancers , and are the youngsters featured in the documentary.
there was a time when the name of juventus would be one to avoid in the semi-final of european competition. when the old lady of turin takes her place alongside bayern munich , barcelona and real madrid on friday , it will appear that massimiliano allegri has returned this great club to the elite level. in reality it will be a clash of cultures as juventus , who have kept nine clean sheets in their last ten fixtures , plot their path to the champions league final in berlin. it will be painful and far from pretty if juve , who held on to the lead arturo vidal gave them from the penalty spot in the first leg against monaco , progress to the final on june 6.
a married dentist forced his practice nurse to resign after she rejected his attempts to kiss her , a tribunal heard. colin cromie told xara grogan , 29 , they should jet to barcelona for a break and claimed they were both stuck with the wrong partner. married dentist colin cromie -lrb- left -rrb- , 49 , forced practice nurse xara grogan -lrb- right -rrb- , 29 , to resign after she rejected his attempts to kiss her , a tribunal heard. when miss grogan complained about having to wear a uniform , including culottes , mr cromie , a former major in the royal army dental corps , told her she would be ` out on her ear ' if she joined a union , it was alleged.
the biblical-style ramblings of accused killer charles severance , 54 , were revealed during his court appearance on thursday -lrb- pictured -rrb-. an accused serial killer 's rambling manifesto revealed details of his chilling plan to ` knock. enter. murder ' , a prosecutor has said. charles severance , 54 , who has been charged with the murders of nancy dunning , ron kirby and ruthanne lodato , in alexandria , virginia , was in court for a hearing on thursday. all three victims were gunned down at their homes in daylight attacks : dunning in 2003 , kirby in 2013 and lodato last year.
kim richards was arrested early thursday morning after allegedly attacking a police officer. law enforcement were called to the beverly hills hotel at approximately 1:30 am where the 50-year-old reality star was hanging out at the polo lounge. the real housewives of beverly hills star then became very angry and reportedly shouted ` do n't you know who i am ? ' scroll down for video. in jail : kim richards was arrested on thursday morning after becoming belligerent while intoxicated at the polo lounge in the beverly hills hotel. kim - who has struggled with substance abuse in the past - then headed to a bathroom and refused to come out - which was when cops were called.
a 45-year-old nba fan has become a celebrity in her own right for her enthusiastic air bongo-playing skills. it 's been a longtime tradition for the conga to play during memphis grizzlies games with cartoon bongos appearing on the giant court tv screen. spectators are then filmed attempting to play the imaginary drums but one competitor who continues to turn heads is mother-of-two , malenda meacham. getting into the groove : a 45-year-old nba fan has become a celebrity in her own right for her enthusiastic air bongo-playing skills. smile for the camera : it 's been a longtime tradition for the conga to play during memphis grizzlies games with cartoon bongos appearing on the giant court tv screen.
former dragons ' den star duncan bannatyne this morning announced he would back labour at the next election -- just a week after backing the tories. the millionaire businessman said ed miliband 's plan to scrap the controversial ` non-dom ' status had won him over. he tweeted : ` ed milliband says he will abolish non-dom status in uk. ' scroll down for video. duncan bannatyne said ed miliband 's plan to scrap the controversial ` non-dom ' status had won him over. it comes after the hotelier signed a letter from more than 100 business leaders backing the tories ' economic record.
it has been almost a month since an italian model accused movie executive harvey weinstein of groping her , and wednesday night he and his wife were spotted out together for the first time since the alleged incident. weinsten and his designer wife georgina chapman turned up for the premiere of his new broadway production finding neverland in new york city. the play , which stars glee star matthew morrison and kelsey grammer , is based on the 2004 film of the same name weinstein produced starring kate winslet and johnny depp. scroll down for video. harvey weinsten and his designer wife georgina chapman -lrb- above -rrb- turned up for the premiere of his new broadway play finding neverland on wednesday.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- `` star wars '' is once again back in our lives , the burger-king couple helped us believe love can be found in fast food , and mindy kaling 's brother had a shocking announcement. 1. the force is with the streaming device of your choice , thanks to this week 's surprise announcement that the entire `` star wars '' saga -lrb- so far , anyway -rrb- would be released on digital hd at the end of the week. between this and the release of `` daredevil , '' we imagine lots of nerds called in sick on friday.
living near congested roads with high levels of air pollution can cause ` silent strokes ' which increase the risk of dementia , scientists have warned. the microscopic particles have previously been shown to cause lung damage and harmful changes in blood vessels and clotting , and are thought to contribute to the deaths of 29,000 people every year in britain. living near a congested road can increase the chance of developing dementia , research has found. researchers examined the brains of more than 900 people aged more than 60 and assessed the pollution risk. us researchers found evidence that living near congested roads or polluted areas can lead to ` silent strokes ' which in turn cause shrinkage of the brain and other damage.
an australian band has told fans ` stop listening to us altogether ' if they disagree with its opinion on the imminent bali nine execution , after a series of heated exchanges over the weekend. sydney electronic duo the presets , made up of julian hamilton and kim moyes , published a series of posts on its facebook page on saturday night and sunday morning , hours after it was announced andrew chan and myuran sukumaran would be executed this week. scroll down for video. sydney duo the presets , made up of julian hamilton -lrb- right -rrb- and kim moyes -lrb- left -rrb- , published a series of posts on its facebook page after it was announced andrew chan and myuran sukumaran would be executed this week.
the celebrations will continue long after barnet 's delirious supporters are cleared off the pitch as the club returned to the football league following a two-year absence. three points were all that separated barnet from the conference title , and two goals from mauro vilhete ensured martin allen 's fourth spell in charge of the club would be his most successful. lose or draw , and bristol rovers would have taken barnet 's place. mauro vilhete -lrb- right -rrb- celebrates with curtis weston after opening the scoring for barnet on saturday. vilhete doubled his tally in the second-half as barnet defeated gateshead 2-0 in the conference clash.
what does republican senator and presidential contender rand paul have in common with a gun-toting , stripper-hurling playboy ? an avid interest in poker , as it turns out. on friday , the 52-year-old libertarian lawmaker from kentucky shared a snapchat video of himself learning how to play poker from the infamous ` king of instagram ' dan blizerian. ' scroll down for video. strange bedfellows : on friday , senator rand paul -lrb- left -rrb- shared a snapchat video of himself learning how to play poker from the debauched social media star dan blizerian -lrb- right -rrb-. high stakes : the pair were playing liar 's poker - a game where players use dollars bills instead of cards and track the serial numbers on the banknotes.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- for the fifth year in a row in 2014 , ambush attacks on police officers were the no. 1 cause of felonious deaths of law enforcement officers in the line of duty. nevertheless , google continues to market a smartphone application that lets lawbreakers pinpoint the location of police officers in the field. google 's popular real-time traffic app , waze , uses gps navigation and crowdsourcing to alert users to traffic jams , automobile accidents , stalled cars , and through its `` traffic cop '' feature , the presence of law enforcement. most people undoubtedly use waze 's police-finding feature to avoid traffic tickets , but the app poses an enormous risk to deputies and police officers.
chaos erupted at an easter egg hunt in sacramento when adults launched in trying to grab sweets for their children. the event was an attempt at breaking the record for the world 's biggest , with 500,000 eggs laid out for thousands of youngsters. scroll down for video. chaos : an attempt at the world 's biggest easter egg hunt in sacramento became shambolic on sunday. mayhem : children as young as two were pushed to the ground as adults invaded the children-only event. another mother , kori houser , told sacramento bee her toddler chase only got three eggs : ` it was crazy.
thousands of animals have died overnight at a commercial fish farm in southern china 's guangdong province after the lake became polluted. more than 100 tonnes of dead fish were found floating in the water near huizhou city on friday morning by devastated farmer mr zhang. workers had rushed to clear the lake , using plastic baskets and nets to scoop them out , creating a huge mountain of rotting fish on the shore. thousands of fish , weighing 100 tonnes , have been found dead at a lake in huizhou city in southern china 's guangdong province. others were sent to spread 2.5 tons of edible salt to try and restore the chemical imbalance of the lake which had become contaminated with ammonia , reported the people 's daily online.
wakefield coach james webster explained how tough his club were finding life after their 80-0 first utility super league thrashing by warrington wolves. the wildcats are rooted to the foot of the table after eight consecutive defeats. the rout saw a hat-trick of tries by wolves ' richie myler and a 28-point haul for stefan ratchford. gene ormsby claimed two tries along with toby king and ben currie. wakefield wildcats coach james webster said after the game he does not have enough players. ' i hate looking for excuses but over the last month i think we have spent around two hours as a team training together , for the simple reason i do n't have enough people to fulfil training.
as the weather heats up and we prepare for summer , thoughts are turning to those all-important holidays and festivals. packing can be a nightmare , but as summer approaches , retailers are unveiling quirky products designed to make your life easier this season. from unbreakable sunglasses to foldable wellies , femail has rounded up the eight products you should be packing to make your summer break as foolproof as possible. 1. religiously slathering on sun cream on a hot day can be a time consuming process , but lifestyle guru gwyneth paltrow has an answer. the mother-of-two and actress is selling a sun proof t-shirt in her goop shop.
president barack obama held up the shrinking florida everglades today as proof positive that climate change is real and is threatening america 's ` national treasures , ' as well as the economies of their surrounding towns , which rely heavily on tourist dollars. ` climate change can no longer be denied. ' ` that 's why i 've committed the united states to lead the world in combatting this threat , ' he said , throwing a spotlight on his administration 's efforts to reduce the rate of global warming through the reduction of carbon emissions. the day trip to south florida , on which obama was accompanied by bill nye ` the science guy , ' also highlighted the massive amount of fuel it takes to power air force one , however , 9,000 gallons , round trip.
a husband has penned a moving essay celebrating his wife and everything she does for their family as a stay-at-home mother. ' nelms told the independent journal review that his wife , glorianna , stays at home with the couple 's two-year-old son ezra because of high child care costs. but nelms said working has always been a part of gloriana 's life , who had been employed since she was 14 and was contributing to her family 's income when she was 17. ' ' i am in no way trying to simplify , objectify , or devalue the priceless love of a mother for her child , ' he wrote.
a couple in oregon have been awarded $ 240,000 compensation for more than a decade of disquiet. dale and debra krein of rogue river filed a suit in 2012 against their neighbors and their giant tibetan mastiffs. winners ! debra and dale krein -lrb- pictured -rrb- have been awarded $ 240,000 after complaining that their neighbors ' tibetan mastiffs have caused them more than a decade of disquiet by barking until 5am. overruled : john updegraff and karen szewc -lrb- above -rrb- tried to argue they needed the dogs for their livestock. finally , after three years of proceedings , a jury has ruled in favor of the disgruntled oregonians , ordering for the canines to be debarked within 60 days.
the state of oregon on friday released 94,000 emails involving the fiancee of former gov. john kitzhaber , who resigned amid scandal earlier this year over allegations that the former first lady used her relationship with him to land contracts for her business. hayes routinely attended meetings , was copied on emails among senior staff and requested information or clerical assistance from state employees. scroll down for video. emails released by the state of oregon show cylvia hayes , -lrb- right -rrb- fiancee of former governor john kitzhaber -lrb- left -rrb- , shows that she played a very active role in his scandalous administration.
the ocean is known for claiming countless of treasured items , particularly rings and sentimental jewellery which remain lost forever. however , an australian woman is on a campaign to reunite a lost ring with its owner after discovering the buried treasure deep in the ocean. ` found this gold ring snorkelling at finns beach club in bali today -lrb- april 7 -rrb-. ' roxy walsh shared a photo of a gold ring she found on facebook in the hope of finding its owner. roxy walsh -lrb- pictured in bali -rrb- found the ring while snorkelling at finns beach club in bali on april 7.
boxer amir khan could face a police probe after posting pictures on snapchat while driving his car on a busy road in california. the lightweight posted the pictures to the image sharing app from behind the wheel in the city of fremont close to san francisco. the 28-year-old splits his time between his hometown of bolton and the us , where he is preparing for his next fight. scroll down for video. boxer amir khan , who could face a police probe after posting pictures on snapchat while driving his car. police are yet to say if they will look into the snaps.
floyd mayweather vs manny pacquiao will be the biggest fight of all time financially and the most significant this century. where money man vs pacman comes to rank among the most important fights in ring history will depend upon what happens that coming night in the mgm grand garden arena. here is the second of my 12 most significant fights in boxing 's history. yankee stadium , new york. joe louis vs max schmeling. joe louis -lrb- left -rrb- knocks out max schmeling in the first round to win the heavyweight title on june 22 , 1938. although herr hitler was trumpeting max schmeling as a hero of the third reich following his knock-out victory over joe louis two years earlier , the german was anti-nazi and remained so during world war ii which was imminent at the time of the re-match.
a north carolina student who was accepted into all eight ivy league schools will have to make a tough choice and decide where he wants to attend college in the fall. the 17-year-old got into 14 schools in all. victor agbafe , 17 -lrb- pictured above -rrb- , is currently attending cape fear academy in wilmington , north carolina. he credits his mother , a nigerian immigrant and physician , for setting a good example for him , according towect. another high school student , harold ekeh of long island , was also accepted into all eight ivy league schools. ekeh , 18 , was editor of his student paper and ceo of the model un.
ahead of this weekend 's premier league action , sportsmail will be providing you with all you need to know about every fixture , with team news , provisional squads , betting odds and opta stats. here is all the information you need for liverpool 's home clash with newcastle ... liverpool vs newcastle united -lrb- anfield -rrb-. liverpool defender mamadou sakho will miss monday 's visit of newcastle with a hamstring injury. the france international came off in the first half of wednesday 's fa cup win over blackburn but his absence will be lessened by the return from suspension of emre can , although martin skrtel and steven gerrard must serve the final match of their three-game bans.
when louis van gaal talked about michael carrick and wayne rooney as coaches on the pitch last week , it actually revealed far more than you might at first imagine. van gaal was highlighting these two because of their superior football intelligence. the backdrop is a season at old trafford where champions league football looks likely , but at the same time it is fair to say united have only been truly convincing in a few isolated games. louis van gaal has identified michael carrick -lrb- left -rrb- and wayne rooney as two of his most bright players. van gaal demands a level of ` football intelligence ' from his players at manchester united.
a university student from kosovo has become an internet celebrity thanks to his uncanny likeness to zayn malik. but thanks to his eerie similarity to the one direction singer , he boasts almost 40,000 followers on his instagram page. scroll down for video. flamur ukshini , 23 , -lrb- left -rrb- from the kosovan capital of pristina has got almost 40,000 fans on instagram thanks to his likeness to zayn malik -lrb- right -rrb-. apart from his good looks , flamur is an average 20-something man , but thanks to his physical similarity to zayn , flamur is often stopped in the street and asked for photos by adoring teens.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- they may not be `` star trek '' - type extraterrestrials , but we may be close to finding evidence of alien life , a nasa scientist says. `` i think we 're going to have strong indications of life beyond earth within a decade , and i think we 're going to have definitive evidence within 20 to 30 years , '' nasa chief scientist ellen stofan said tuesday during a panel discussion on water in the universe. '' nasa released a graphic noting that scientists have found evidence or indications of water on a number of celestial bodies , including the dwarf planet ceres and jupiter 's moon europa.
a top queensland barrister with a handsome income will use case law dating back 200 years to try to avoid a $ 146 speeding fine. tony morris qc is mounting a landmark legal challenge against queensland 's speed-camera laws , the courier-mail reports. mr morris says he was n't driving when his volvo was photographed doing 57km/h in a 50km/h zone last year. he has invoked a spousal privilege case from 1817 , arguing it 's unconstitutional for a queensland court to fine him when there 's evidence he was not the driver. scroll down for video. tony morris qc is mounting a landmark legal challenge against queensland 's speed-camera laws.
a jealous husband who fatally stabbed his ex-wife in the heart after discovering she had been using dating websites has been found guilty of murder. lorna mccarthy feared for her life in the hours leading up to her death at the hands of barry mccarthy , the man she had spent 25 years with before their separation four months earlier. she urged her daughter to call the police if she did not hear from her the next day - but it was never received. lorna mccarthy -lrb- left -rrb- was stabbed through the heart by her husband barry mccarthy -lrb- right -rrb- last september.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- before landing a gyrocopter on the capitol lawn wednesday , doug hughes wrote about his intentions and the reasons behind them on a website called the thedemocracyclub.org. `` the point of the flight is to spotlight corruption in dc and more importantly , to present the solution -lrb- s -rrb- to the institutional graft , '' the 61-year-old florida postal carrier wrote in an online post titled `` your pilot. hughes had his first appearance in court scheduled for thursday. on wednesday , he took off in his gyrocopter from maryland and traveled through restricted airspace over washington , landing on the capitol 's west lawn.
ryan giggs , paul scholes , gary neville , nicky butt and andrew cole went out for dinner just hours after their former side 's 1-0 defeat by chelsea. ex-manchester united striker cole took to twitter to upload an image of himself alongside four of his former colleagues and their respective partners at a restaurant table. andrew cole -lrb- right -rrb- took to twitter to reveal he went out for dinner with former manchester united team-mates paul scholes , gary neville , ryan giggs and nicky butt on saturday night. former manchester united striker cole said he was in ` great company ' with ` great team-mates ' on saturday.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- jason rezaian has sat in jail in iran for nearly nine months. the washington post 's bureau chief in tehran was arrested in july on unspecified allegations. it took more than four months for a judge to hear charges against him. the iranian-american will be tried soon on espionage , tehran 's chief justice said. he is accused of economic spying , the post reported , citing iranian state media. the washington post did not mince words on the allegation. the state department also reacted with term `` absurd '' after hearing of reports in iran 's press about the charges.
lindsey vonn made another appearance in augusta on thursday to cheer on her golfer boyfriend tiger woods while he goes after a fifth masters championship after back surgery temporarily put his career on ice last year. scroll down for video. there for tiger : ski champ lindsey vonn looked a little teed off at the first day of the masters in augusta , georgia , on thursday as her beau tiger made some high profile mistakes. not happy : tiger tossed his driver after hitting off the ninth tee and sending the ball onto the first fairway during first round play of the masters golf tournament at the augusta national golf course in augusta , georgia thursday.
a young cancer sufferer who proposed to his girlfriend hoping surgery would save his life is set to marry in hospital after being told he 's too ill for the operation and has just weeks to live. jack jordan , 23 , proposed to his girlfriend laura cant last christmas from his hospital bed while suffering from leukaemia. jack jordan and his girlfriend laura cant , who are to marry tomorrow in hospital after being told he had just weeks to live. however , last week mr jordan was given the news that he was too ill to undergo the transplant and has just weeks to live.
kathmandu , nepal -lrb- cnn -rrb- more than 4,600 people dead. more than 9,000 injured. eight million affected across nepal. those are the startling numbers that indicate the scale of the devastation from the huge earthquake that struck the himalayan nation on saturday. and some of the grim figures are likely to get even worse as hopes of rescuing any more survivors diminish every hour. heartbreaking scenes of suffering and loss are playing out across this shell-shocked nation as it reels from its deadliest natural disaster in more than 80 years. as the country coped with the fallout of the quake , another natural disaster struck tuesday afternoon in a popular trekking area north of kathmandu , and up to 200 people were feared missing as a result of a landslide , a trekking association official said.
and now the australian it crowd are following in their footsteps by taking their children along to mercedes-benz fashion week. the offspring of some of sydney 's style set have been front and centre at the catwalk presentations of ellery , alice mccall and maticevski - highly-coveted tickets that many fully grown adults failed to snag an invitation to. scroll down for video. front row kids ! the australian fashion crowd are following in the footsteps of the beckhams and kimye by bringing their children to fashion week. trendsetters : david beckham with daughter harper during victoria beckham show at mercedes-benz fashion week 2014.
mesut ozil is playing the best football since he joined arsenal in the summer of 2013 , after leading the gunners to second in the premier league table. ozil was off the pace at the beginning of this season , but says he is now back to his best since returning to fitness in january. mesut ozil trains ahead of arsenal 's fa cup semi final against reading on saturday. the german star says he is now playing his best football since joining the gunners in the summer of 2013. ozil said 10 years of playing football had taken their toll , but he has come to terms with the premier league.
napoli coach rafa benitez on wednesday quashed speculation that he is to return to the premier league to take charge manchester city. the former liverpool and chelsea manager has yet to sign a contract extension with napoli , with his current deal ending this summer. it has been rumoured benitez could replace manuel pellegrini at the helm of city at the end of the campaign. napoli boss rafael benitez has dismissed reports linking him to the manchester city job. the spaniard is out of contract at the end of the season and has yet to agree an extension with napoli. ` now our focus is on matters on the pitch.
quinn patrick was on a fishing trip with his dad at snow lake , indiana when the pair caught a bowfin , videoed lying lifeless on a concrete dock. when suddenly the bowfin propels itself from the ground and slaps the youngster straight in the face with its large tail. the sound of the fish making impact with the youngster 's face is not dissimilar to a sound effect used in a cartoon. quinn patrick was on a fishing trip with his dad at snow lake , indiana when the pair caught a bowfin. the young boy then states : ` dad there 's blood on him , ' and his father replies by gently explaining that the fish got hurt.
an arkansas woman who has become the world 's oldest living person wants president barack obama to attend her 117th birthday party on the fourth of july. with the death of 117-year-old misao okawa in japan on wednesday , weaver became the world 's oldest person , according to the los angeles-based gerontology research group. scroll down for video. gertrude weaver , 116 , of camden , arkansas , attributes her longevity to treating others well and exercising three times a week in her wheelchair. the staff at the silver oaks health and rehabilitation center in camden , about 100 miles southwest of little rock , said weaver is in good health.
ahead of this weekend 's premier league action , sportsmail will be providing you with all you need to know about every fixture , with team news , provisional squads , betting odds and opta stats. here is all the information you need for leicester 's home clash with west ham ... leicester city vs west ham united -lrb- king power stadium -rrb-. leicester city. matt upson is out of leicester 's clash with west ham as the rock-bottom foxes continue their fight for survival. the defender limped off in their 4-3 defeat by tottenham before the international break with an achilles problem and will not be risked.
washington -lrb- cnn -rrb- an off-duty member of the uniformed division of secret service was arrested friday in washington and charged with first-degree attempted burglary , a felony , and one misdemeanor count for destruction of property , the d.c. metropolitan police department reported. arthur baldwin , 29 , was arrested at a woman 's residence in southeast washington , according to documents provided by the police department. he has been placed on administrative leave and his security clearance has been suspended , the secret service said. a police officer went to a residence about 12:24 a.m. after receiving a call about a burglary in progress , police documents said.
britt mchenry has marked her return to work by apologizing for her ` hurtful ' actions and has asked fans for a second chance. the disgraced espn reporter was behind the mic covering the nhl stanley cup playoff game between the new york islanders and washington capitals. the 29-year-old was suspended for a week footage emerged showing her unleash a vicious verbal attack on a single mother-of-three at a towing firm. scroll down for video. return : disgraced espn reporter britt mchenry was behind the mic covering the nhl stanley cup playoff game between the new york islanders and washington capitols.
as a childhood friend of pop star ed sheeran it would be understandable if jonny may felt like singing the blues with the memory of being dropped by england still painfully fresh in his mind. just a couple of months after scoring a sensational first international try against new zealand , may was axed for striking the wrong note by ignoring an overlap in england 's six nations win over italy. with a mother who taught sheeran to play the guitar as a youngster , learning lessons has never been a problem for the 25-year-old may , who insists the best years of his rugby life are ahead of him.
mike holpin has three 48in widescreen televisions dotted around his monmouthshire council house , each connected to his three # 450 ps4 consoles all funded by his state handouts. his 40 children by 20 women have cost the taxpayer more than # 4million in benefits and care costs , with at least 16 taken off him and their mothers by social services. ' i wo n't stop ' : father of 40 mike holpin , left and right with his fiancée diane , is said to have cost taxpayers # 4.3 million in benefits and other costs because of his huge family.
the impeccably kept grounds included perfectly trimmed lawns , bronze sculptures -lrb- including a scarecrow based on blanc himself -rrb- , pathways lined with lavender and the walled organic kitchen garden - which supplies the restaurant with seasonal herbs , salads and vegetables. lucy verasamy proudly shows one of the healthy and tasty dishes created at le manoir aux quat ` saisons. raymond blanc pays a surprise visit to the cooking school that bares his name in his oxford manor house. le manoir 's restaurant has held two michelin stars for the best part of the 30 years since it opened.
real madrid ace gareth bale treated himself to a sunday evening bbq after his earlier exploits had helped los blancos on their way to a sensational victory. the welsh wizard was in fine form for his country during the international break , scoring twice and assisting another in an impressive win victory in israel. and the former tottenham hotspur certainly kept that impressive run going as he opened the scoring in real madrid 's impressive 9-1 victory against granada. gareth bale tweeted : ` unbelievable result this afternoon , great team performance. ' gareth bale rounds granada goalkeeper oier olazabal to open the scoring during the la liga.
anti-hillary clinton street art emerged in brooklyn just hours before clinton 's presidential candidacy announcement on sunday. the signs feature portraits of clinton with phrases including ` dont say secretive ' , ` do n't say entitled ' and ` do n't say ambitious '. the street art appears to be a dig at a group of clinton supporters who said it would be on the look out for evidence of sexism in reporting about the democratic politician , according to the weekly standard. the descriptive terms that clinton 's fan club said it does not want applied to their candidate include ` polarizing , calculating , disingenuous , insincere , ambitious , inevitable , entitled ' and ` over confident.
robbie savage has taken to twitter to show fans that his diet and fitness regime is paying dividends , as he tries to lose the flab. the match of the day pundit appears to have worked hard in the gym to lose his ` podgy ' label but he still has some way to go to return back to his so-called ` glory days. ' he posted the photo on twitter saying : '12 weeks. . 12.4 % bodyfat @joshmchale. ' robbie savage posed this snap on his twitter showing the progress he had made during his fitness regime. although best known for his football career , savage burst onto our screens on bbc 's strictly come dancing and to his credit - performed admirably.
a mother was left in shock after her four-year-old daughter discovered a four-foot snake in the bath - just a week after moving into the house. michelle woods , from norton in teesside , was told by her daughter elisha mann that ` something was moving ' in the bath. the four-foot red and orange corn snake , which michelle woods discovered slithering around in the bathroom of her new home. she believes it may belong to the property 's previous tenant. ` but then i looked up and i was face-to-face with a snake. ' panicking , ms woods said she called the rspca , who were unable to help - so in desperation , posted an appeal on facebook.
a young fisherman in thailand reeled in the catch of the day after hooking a fish with a plastic toy fishing rod -- but was the achievement just a hoax ? captured standing on the bank of what appears to be a lake , the youngster -- with a big grin on his face -- holds onto a tiny blue and yellow fishing rod. he then crouches down by the side of the water and moves his rod from side to side -- tension on the end of it is now visible. fighting against what may well be a weed , the young boy continues to reel and before long a fish breaks the surface of the water.
the common ancestor of humans may have had tentacles , a scientist has claimed. organisms that lived in the sea 635 to 541 million years ago , from which humans and other animals evolved , likely had flexible appendages and a complex nervous system. it seemingly puts to bed another theory that suggests our ancestors were much more simple , worm-like creatures. a russian scientist says the distant ancestor of humans had tentacles. one such creature can be seen at the centre of this illustration. they lived more than 540 million years ago and used them for food. the latest research was conducted by dr elena temereva from the department of invertebrate zoology at the faculty of biology of the lomonosov moscow state university.
lauren halliday and steven smith feared they would have to get married in their jeans after they were evacuated from the randolph hotel on friday. the ceremony went ahead at st edmund hall in the city. seventy firefighters fought the blaze and the damage was expected to run into hundreds of thousands of pounds. the extent of the damage to the grade ii listed victorian building remains unclear but aerial pictures of the scene showed gaps in the roof and exposed beams. the morse bar has featured in episodes of the follow-on tv series , lewis , too. seventy firefighters fought the blaze and the damage was expected to run into hundreds of thousands of pounds.
images revealing the shocking extent of gender stereotyping in toy shops have been posted online under the hashtag #notanaprilfools. the pictures show a wide divide between the aspirations set out for girls and boys , with females offered pink beautician 's outfits while males are offered doctor 's uniforms. the fancy dress options for girls and boys hint at very different future careers. the images sparked a furious response from twitter users , with several getting in touch to complain about the gender stereotyping. now about learning gender stereotypes ? ' other examples included separate cookbooks , with boys getting to make gourmet burgers and giant chocolate sundaes , while girls make small pink cupcakes.
a stunning convertible ferrari which is almost identical to one that was famously destroyed in cult 1980s film ferris bueller 's day off is expected to sell for # 10million at auction. the 1961 ferrari 250 gt swb california spider is widely regarded by many as the most beautiful convertible ever made. but it is best known for that infamous scene in the 1986 teen comedy starring matthew broderick. the car , in classic ferrari red , was the pride and joy of the father of ferris bueller 's best friend cameron in the movie. a stunning ferrari - which is almost identical to the model driven in cult eighties classic film ferris bueller 's day off is up for auction.
police believe they are on the verge of solving a brutal cold case murder that occurred 35 years ago. ronda blaylock was just 14-years-old in 1980 when she and a friend took a ride home from a stranger after finishing the day at atkins high school in rural hall , north carolina - a town so quaint and wholesome that it was the model for the fictional mayberry in ` the andy griffith show. she had been violently assaulted and then stabbed to death. scroll down for video. ronda blaylock -lrb- above -rrb- was just 14-years-old in 1980 when she was found stabbed to death and brutally assaulted.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- universal 's `` furious 7 '' is about to make history. `` furious 7 '' -- the final film from the late paul walker -- is expected to gross $ 115 million or more when opening at the north american box office this weekend , the top showing ever for an april title , not accounting for inflation.domestically , it is getting the widest release in universal 's history with a theater count of roughly 4,003 -lrb- including imax locations -rrb- , eclipsing `` despicable me 2 '' -lrb- 3,956 -rrb-. overseas , the movie is also poised to do massive business , putting its global debut north of $ 250 million.
but that did not stop the palestinian youngster , dressed in full combat gear , from attempting to pelt israeli police with stones during violent clashes on the west bank. the bemused officers , equipped with helmets and body armour , calmly watched as the child launched his own assault before racing away. the incident raised fears that palestinian children are being encouraged to mimic and glorify violence. david and goliath battle : a five-year-old palestinian boy pelted the israeli police with stones as violence erupted during a rally in the northern west bank. the dark-haired child , dressed in combat gear , raced back to safety after launching a series of missiles at around six heavily armed officers.
1. 2. nico rosberg -lrb- germany -rrb- mercedes 66. 3. sebastian vettel -lrb- germany -rrb- ferrari 65. 4. kimi raikkonen -lrb- finland -rrb- ferrari 42. fireworks lit up the desert night and sparks glowed from under the cars , but nothing shone brighter in the bahrain grand prix than the luminous talent of lewis hamilton. such is his form at the start of the season that we could easily mistake the extraordinary for the routine. the hard facts are that hamilton 's third win in four races extends his lead in the championship to 27 points over his mercedes team-mate nico rosberg.
a medal-winning olympic gymnast of course ... and even a strictly come dancing champion. however , it appears the athlete , 25 , is gaining expertise in an area previously dominated by queen of the ` belfie ' , kim kardashian. yes , louis smith , mbe , is now also very good at exciting his fans with selfies. if you 've got it , flaunt it : former olympic gymnast , louis smith , is constantly sharing images of his honed torso with an endless stream of topless selfies on instagram. the strictly come dancing star shot to fame after winning both a bronze and silver medal at the 2012 london olympic games.
it 's that time of the season when premier league footballers cast their vote for the pfa players ' player of the year. last year 's winner luis suarez now resides in spain , so , too , does 2013 victor gareth bale. here , sportsmail runs you through the six leading contenders ... name : harry kane. club : tottenham. stats : apps 44 , goals 29. striker harry kane has hit an astonishing 29 goals in 44 games for tottenham so far this season. kane -lrb- second right -rrb- has twice been named player of the month during his breakthrough campaign.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- tejano star selena , who died 20 years ago , is coming back in a big way : with a hologram-like figure. billboard reports that the singer 's family is creating a version of the singer that will be `` walking , talking , singing and dancing digital embodiment '' of her persona. '' selena : 20 years after her death. the technology is being handled by acrovirt llc , a nevada-based tech company. `` using detailed individual personalized functions spanning the mind , brain and body , the individual 's digitized human essence will autonomously learn and react on behalf of its human counterpart 's , '' the company explained.
sometimes strong-willed children can prove a challenge to parents , especially when it comes to doing what they 're told. but when her father tells her to clean up her mess , she vehemently refuses with a heated - and rather cute - argument ensuing. standing in a frilly skirt with her arms crossed , catalina answers back at her father in a bid to get him to do the cleaning. ' i already cleaned the kitchen , no it 's your turn , i 'm not picking up your mess , ' her elder firmly responds. at one point catalina hits her father 's leg in frustration.
but in the world of mobile phones , where roaming means using your device abroad , that approach is unwise. making calls , downloading emails and browsing the internet when in another country can result in very large bills. its customers can call and text uk numbers and use data in some countries at no extra cost to their uk price plans. three is the only operator to offer this arrangement , which it calls feel at home. elsewhere , it covers australia , the united states , hong kong , macau , indonesia , sri lanka and israel. given that spain , france , italy and the us are among the most popular destinations for britons , three claims that about two-thirds of its customers ' overseas trips are now covered by feel at home.
the fierce rivalry between bayern munich and borussia dortmund has dominated german football for much of the past decade , reaching its crescendo when the two titans met in the 2013 champions league final at wembley. for a while , der klassiker represented the pinnacle of european football. briefly , it carried as much relevance on the continental stage as el clasico between barcelona and real madrid - maybe even more. pierre-emerick aubameyang of borussia dortmund looks dejected after robert lewandowski of bayern munich scored an equaliser during der klassiker between the teams at the allianz arena in november. arjen robben eventually grabbed the winner five minutes from time as bayern defeated dortmund 2-1.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- when bruce jenner told abc 's diane sawyer and the world on friday night that `` yes , for all intents and purposes , i 'm a woman , '' the declaration was n't particularly surprising. paparazzi have been stalking the former olympic champion for months , breathlessly documenting his increasingly feminine appearance down to his lip gloss , pierced ears and french manicure. of course , jenner 's family owned the moment , being the reality tv mavens they are -- the jenners and the kardashians. his other daughter kylie jenner expressed mixed emotions. ex-wife kris jenner was equally supportive.
experts proposed this new theory in a recently released 200-page report on the molalla log cabin , a structure they believe could have been built as early as 1795 - ten years before lewis and clark reached the pacific ocean. historic building repairer gregg olson and architectural historian pam hayden have been analyzing the log cabin for seven years and say it is unlike anything else found in oregon. secrets hidden in wood : experts believe the molalla log house -lrb- above -rrb- was constructed as early as 1795 - a decade before lewis and clark reached the pacific ocean. russians in america : historic building repairer gregg olson and architectural historian pam hayden believe the house could have been used by a small settlement of russians sent to the willamette valley as farmers to feed fur traders in alaska.
an unknown englishman playing in his first pga tour event will have the chance to complete an unbelievable fairytale at the shell houston open on sunday and earn the most unlikely invitation to the masters. surrey-born kelvin day has only played a handful of events on the subsidiary circuit , the web.com tour but decided to enter qualifying for the houston event. this is a real 36 hole lottery where 131 players were fighting for the final four spots. it was a decent achievement in itself to make the halfway cut , and it earned him a third round draw alongside two rather more famous englishmen in paul casey and justin rose.
it is not often you hear this said but the goalkeeper really should have scored. deep in injury time , with blackburn 's fa cup journey about to end , simon eastwood appeared for a corner and found the ball at his feet as it dropped from a jumble of players 12 yards out. he should have scored. as it happened , his right-foot shot on the turn was struck well enough but it was straight at liverpool goalkeeper simon mignolet , who managed to parry the ball and then grab it as it threatened to spin over the line. he is a goalkeeper.
it is legendary now that when the spanish national team was coming to the boil and about to scald world football for six years , la roja 's own fans did n't even know the water was hot. because they left spanish soil having eked out two single-goal wins , over peru and the usa , the booing , whistling and jeering which had pursued them around the peninsula for two years was the last thing they heard before heading off to win euro 2008. three trophies later , the senior team is finally in search of a reboot. spain lift the trophy at euro 2008 , but their fans had booed them before , not recognising a great team.
the crucible curse will be one weight on the mind of mark selby on saturday , but the mercurial talents of a debutant capable of ` absolutely murdering anybody ' will be another altogether. the world champion will have to negotiate both if he is to make history in sheffield. while that statistical curiosity has added an element of pressure to selby , so too has the presence of kurt maflin , one of four men making their first appearance in the main draw. mark selby poses with the trophy after winning the world snooker championship at the crucible in 2014.
police in surrey are hunting two raiders who stripped off their tops during the hottest day of the year before holding up an esso petrol station. these bare-chested men had stripped off before raiding a petrol station on the hottest day of the years so far and were caught on camera. police in surrey have released cctv of the two raiders who stripped-off their shirts before attempting to rob the esso filling station in town end caterham , surrey early last wednesday evening. the men forced their way into the manager 's office of the filling station in caterham , pictured , looking for cash.
amir khan has gone face to face with adrien broner ahead of a possible summer fight against the former lightweight world champion. khan is expected to announce his next opponent imminently , with british rival kell brook set to feature on his agenda for a wembley blockbuster next year. amir khan appears on the screen as adrien broner urges him to make their fight happen on facetime. khan has n't fought since his win over devon alexander in december and has struggled to find an opponent. broner has been relentless in his calling out of khan since his comfortable win over john molina jr.
jose mourinho resisted the temptation until someone mentioned defending. arsene wenger had been talking about how it was easier to set up a team designed primarily to defend , just as brendan rodgers had ventured after chelsea 's victory at liverpool , last year. ` it 's not easy , not easy , ' said mourinho. ` if it was easy , you would n't lose 3-1 at home to monaco. if he defends well he draws 0-0 against monaco and wins in monte carlo. ' jose mourinho hit back at arsene wenger during his pre-match press conference on friday. arsene wenger -lrb- left -rrb- and mourinho have over a decade of history in the premier league.
a. alfred taubman , the self-made michigan billionaire whose philanthropy and business success -- including weaving the enclosed shopping mall into american culture -- was clouded by a criminal conviction late in his career , has died aged 91. taubman , who donated hundreds of millions of dollars to universities , hospitals and museums , died friday night at his home of a heart attack , according to son robert s. taubman , president and ceo of taubman centers , inc.. dead at 91 : real estate mogul and michigan billionaire a. alfred taubman died on friday night at his home after a heart attack.
robert kennedy jr has apologized for describing the number of children injured by vaccines as ' a holocaust '. the nephew of president john f kennedy used the term last week during the screening of a film that links autism to a chemical found in several childhood vaccinations - despite evidence to the contrary. back track : robert kennedy jr has apologized for comparing vaccinated children to holocaust victims. kennedy said he had been struggling for a way to convey the effects of autism on children and their families. ' i want to apologize to all whom i offended by my use of the word holocaust to describe the autism epidemic , ' kennedy said in a statement.
chameleons are known for their ability to change colours and blend in , but these two had no trouble spotting each other 's ambitions in a fierce battle for a female mate. footage of the brief contest was captured on a property near the amber mountain national park on the northern edge of madagascar. it shows the males sizing each other up before one is forced to retreat following a violent battle for the attention of a female chameleon that is n't seen in the video. one of the chameleons twists in pain as the aggressor takes a huge bite out of him during their clash.
the south korean government paid an eye-watering # 2.4 million to the makers of the new avengers movie to ensure the country is shown in a positive light , it has emerged. much of the comic book film , avengers : age of ultron , was shot in seoul and the country 's culture ministry agreed to cover a third of filming costs in the city on the agreement the republic of korea is shown as ` high tech ' and ` modern '. scroll down for video. on set : chris evans suited up as captain america as shooting on avengers : age of ultron got underway in the sangam-dong district of seoul , south korea last year.
here 's my story. it all started late last year when i lost my job in dubai. my work visa had expired , and i had nowhere else to go. i 'm syrian , and returning to syria was n't an option -- going back means you either have to kill or be killed. while in istanbul , i discovered many facebook pages about illegal smuggling from turkey to italy by sea. i met a syrian guy in a hotel in mersin who had already paid money to one smuggler and was planning to depart within a few days. but why would n't they be ? it 's a long-term business , and the syrian conflict is n't ending anytime soon.
the last two weeks have showcased all that is best about lewis hamilton. he has driven supremely well , gaining the congratulations of the man he hopes to emulate as a triple world champion , sir jackie stewart. but seeing the two men on the podium -- one as the winner of the bahrain grand prix , the other conducting the post-race interviews -- was a reminder of what differentiates them as individuals as well as what binds them together as exceptional grand prix drivers. lewis hamilton is interviewed by three-time world champion sir jackie stewart after the bahrain grand prix.
our journey to argeles-sur-mer on france 's mediterranean coast went without a hitch , despite being in the minority of travellers flying , then hiring a car , rather than driving all the way. chris greenwood stayed at camping la chappelle with his wife , catherine , and children , joe and anna. families congregated around the pools every afternoon for relief from the august heat. joe wears oversized sunglasses while relaxing by the pool at camping la chappelle in argeles-sur-mer. instead over the next 10 days we threw ourselves at the mercy of campsite life , simply taking the path of least resistance.
ahead of this weekend 's premier league action , sportsmail will be providing you with all you need to know about every fixture , with team news , provisional squads , betting odds and opta stats. here is all the information you need for arsenal 's home clash with liverpool ... arsenal vs liverpool -lrb- emirates stadium -rrb-. arsenal. arsenal forward danny welbeck will face a fitness test on the knee injury picked up during international duty with england ahead of saturday 's barclays premier league clash against liverpool. club captain mikel arteta , full-back mathieu debuchy , midfielders abou diaby and jack wilshere all stepped up their rehabilitation in a friendly match on tuesday , so will be assessed.
and leonardo dicaprio is planning to improve the ecosystem of an entire island in his latest crusade as an environmental activist. the 40-year-old actor is launching a project that will transform a small island off the coast of belize into an eco-resort and conservation area. according to a friday report from the new york times , the wolf of wall street star , along with a partner , purchased the 104-acre blackadore caye nearly a decade ago for $ 1.75 million. but he recently teamed up with paul scialla , the chief executive of new york development firm delos , to create the eco-conscious resort , with plans to open in 2018.
the nypd detective caught on video screaming at an uber driver has apologized in a televised interview. detective patrick cherry was stripped of his shield and gun and will be placed on administrative duty following the outburst which was viewed more than three million times on youtube. there was no intention to berate or hurt deeply the driver. ' scroll down for video. apology : detective patrick cherry appears on nbc tonight to ` sincerely apologize ' for shouting at an uber driver. screaming and raging : detective patrick cherry , pictured in the blue shirt , launched his tirade after the uber driver hooted at him.
former rangers manager walter smith has praised stuart mccall for making an impact at ibrox - but he maintains ally mccoist was given little chance of succeeding. mccall has put rangers in the driving seat for second place in the scottish championship and a place in the semi-finals of the play-offs after taking over from reluctant caretaker kenny mcdowall. mccoist was put on gardening leave just before christmas after handing in his notice following three-and-a-half difficult seasons in charge under the chaotic reigns of the likes of craig whyte and then charles green and his allies. walter smith -lrb- right -rrb- spent two spells in charge as manager of rangers and has hailed stuart mccall 's impact.
authorities have said an underground electrical fire is blamed for a explosion that sent a manhole cover flying more than 200 feet above a buffalo street in a blast that was captured by a television news photographer. the fire began around 11:30 a.m. sunday on tupper street in downtown buffalo , wgrz reported. police evacuated two buildings as smoke came out of manholes , according to the television station. interview : this man was speaking to a local news station when the second of three explosions sent a manhole cover flying more than 200 feet above a buffalo street. a buffalo fire department official told wgrz the second of three explosions sent one of the manhole covers 200 to 300 feet into the air.
relief : chrystie crownover told gma on monday that she watched her ex-husband , bruce jenner 's dramatic abc diane sawyer interview with the olympic athlete and their children. bruce jenner 's first wife has shared the emotional moment her ex-husband told her he wanted to be a woman and how she kept his secret for 43-years. speaking to gma in a tearful interview , chrystie crownover , the daughter of a mormon minister , told how the olympic champion first opened up to her when they married in 1972. ` he opened up his heart and confessed he had to share this deep dark secret.
a photograph has been snapped of a man-sized kangaroo flexing his massive guns while hugging a soft toy bunny. roger , an alpha male at the alice springs kangaroo sanctuary in the northern territory , was gifted his new friend by a fan. sanctuary manager chris barnes said the kangaroo quickly became attached to the bunny , but soon tired of it. alpha kangaroo roger cuddles up to his new soft toy bunny while showing off his massive guns. alice springs kangaroo sanctuary manager chris barnes -lrb- right -rrb- said he attempted to take the bunny off roger but was met with hostility.
posters promoting a ` straight pride ' week at a northeast ohio university were removed this week after student leaders determined that the message went beyond free speech. youngstown state university student government leaders said they decided to remove the posters , which were hung on around campus earlier this week , after consulting with university officials. posters promoting a ` straight pride ' week were removed from campus after student leaders said that they went ` way further than a free speech issue ' they encouraged students to ` go about your day without telling everyone about how ` different ' you are ' , according to wkbn.
wisconsin 's frank kaminsky has brushed off the obsenity and racial slur that kentucky guard andrew harrison directed at him during a postgame news conference at the final four. harrison muttered ` f *** that n **** ' into a live microphone when another player was asked a question about kaminsky after kentucky lost 71-64 to the badgers saturday. the loss ruined the wildcats ' undefeated season ; they finished 38-1. ' scroll down for video. offensive : university of kentucky guard andrew harrison found himself in hot water last night when he directed a racial slur at a university of wisconsin player , at a press conference following the wildcats 71-64 loss.
four genuine european heavyweights remain in the champions league , a quartet steeped in history and silverware. between real madrid , bayern munich , barcelona and juventus , the big-eared trophy has been lifted 21 times. but for tension , intrigue , and the potential for high drama , the match-up that most appeals has to be real madrid versus barcelona. javier hernandez 's late winner against atletico madrid sent real madrid into the champions league semis. neymar scored both goals in the second leg as barcelona beat paris saint-germain 5-1 on aggregate. transporting el clasico to east germany would bring a defining chapter to a myriad narratives , raising europe 's grandest derby to a level not seen amid years of ebb and flow between the two spanish behemoths.
a missouri family has bee reunited 49 years after a mother was falsely told her daughter had died at the hospital just hours after being born. scroll down for video. zella jackson price -lrb- pictured -rrb- , 76 , was told shortly after delivering her baby that the infant had died. but the baby was still very much alive and had for an unknown reason been given up for adoption. melanie diane gilmore , 49 , has been reunited with her mother after 49 years. her children helped her find her mother through a name given to gilmore through her adoptive parents.
the bruno smartcan is said to be the first internet connected combined kitchen bin and vacuum cleaner. using sensors on the front of the bin , it is able to sense when dust and debris from the kitchen floor is swept towards it with a brush , turning on a vacuum to suck up the offending mess. the bruno smartcan -lrb- pictured -rrb- uses sensors to detect when you want the lid to open or when dirt has been swept close so it can activate its integrated vacuum. it also has an integrated bag store and charging cord. bruno comes with an integrated bag dispenser that additionally sends alerts to a smartphone when the owner is getting low on bags , and it can send reminders when it is time to take out the rubbish.
canadian actor jonathan crombie died on wednesday night in new york after suffering a brain hemorrhage. anne of green gables actor jonathan crombie died of a brain hemorrhage , aged 48. the actor is best known for his role as gilbert blythe in the canadian television drama film anne of green gables and two sequels. toronto-born crombie died on wednesday in new york , his sister carrie crombie told cbc on saturday. crombie , who was the son for former toronto mayor and canadian cabinet minister david crombie , was never screen-tested for the show. he was discovered at 17 when he was performing in a high-school production of the wizard of oz , according to e!.
there 's nothing better than a succulent steak , sizzling from the hot plate , charred to perfection on the outside , bursting with juices within. people often get it wrong when cooking this cut of meat and end up with an overdone dish that 's bone dry , grey-hued and distinctly unappetising. speak to your butcher when you 're shopping for a perfect steak and pay a little bit extra for the best meat. allow your meat to come to room temperature before you start cooking , mr mccarroll advised. according to jared mccarroll head chef at m restaurant and grill , the first step to a perfect steak starts when you are shopping ; when buying steaks purchase the best meat you can afford.
an alopecia sufferer left with no body hair or fingernails is calling for the medical tattooing that changed her life to be made available on the nhs. brenda finn , 30 , says losing her hair at the age of 14 destroyed her confidence. she was also left suffering crippling anxiety and depression after bullying forced her to leave school. but now , after her family paid for her to have eyebrows tattooed on , she says she is finally able to face the world with more confidence. scroll down for video. brenda finn , 30 , became depressed after her body hair and fingernails fell out -lrb- pictured left -rrb- due to alopecia.
however in central china , mother nature recently appeared to lend a helping hand by giving locals what could be the world 's largest ` wi-fi cloud '. a cloud formation resembling the wi-fi symbol appeared recently in the sky of xiangtan city in hunan province , the people 's daily online reports. god 's router ? a cloud formation resembling the wi-fi symbol appeared in central china last week. the global wi-fi symbol has one dot and three curved lines radiating from it. shi chao , a student at the hunan university of science and technology , saw the cloud - which appeared to perfectly mimick the global symbol for wifi - on his way from to the library around 7pm last friday.
a glamour model who showcases her curves in glossy magazines around the world has a new thrill-inducing hobby - freestyle skydiving. now the brunette , who has modelled for playboy , gq , esquire and maxim and has 35 cover shoots under her belt , is a pro who teaches other adrenaline junkies how to jump from a plane , thousands of feet in the air. scroll down for video. the st tropez-born model moved to the us to become a glossy magazine bikini model. anais admits to loving the moment she leaves the plane , saying : ` your brain stops thinking ' anais , who has posed for playboy , also models bikinis for magazines like gq.
-lrb- the hollywood reporter -rrb- stan freberg , whose freewheeling comic career in advertising garnered him worldwide acclaim and whose satirical entertainments abounded on tv , the radio and on records , has died. freberg died of natural causes at a santa monica hospital , his son and daughter , donavan and donna freberg , confirmed to the hollywood reporter. the godfather of humorous and irreverent commercials , freberg lampooned cultural institutions and described himself as a `` guerilla satirist. '' the new york times dubbed him the `` che guevara of advertising , '' and years later , `` weird al '' yankovic called him a major influence on his career.
an english photographer has traveled all over the world - and along the way created stunning panoramic images using a film camera. john chapple has captured all types of landscapes , including grassy fields in england , major us cities , and sandy beaches in australia. scroll down for video. quite the view ! photographer john chapple captured this shot of the santa monica pier in santa monica , california. escape : water pours down a grassy california hillside in this image. west coast adventure : chapple captured downtown city skyscrapers - as well as miles of the greater los angeles area and mountains in the distance.
liverpool are showing interest in borussia dortmund striker ciro immobile. the italy international has not had the best of times in the bundesliga following his move from torino last summer and dortmund are willing to sell. immobile fits the profile of player liverpool want. his goals ratio has dropped at dortmund but he has still managed nine goals in a troubled season for the team. ciro immobile -lrb- left -rrb- of dortmund has struggled in germany and is wanted by liverpool to boost their attack. immobile -lrb- left -rrb- was signed by jurgen klopp -lrb- centre -rrb- from torino but could be on the move again.
it is matches like this that makes one wonder just how good gael monfils could have been ; and perhaps how good he still can be. the frenchman is sometimes fantastic , often frustrating and always flamboyant but he brought all the good parts of his game to bear as he knocked roger federer out of the monte carlo masters 6-4 , 7-6 in a thrilling last-16 encounter. monfils displayed the breathtaking athleticism that can make novak djokovic look sluggish and the shotmaking that can make andy murray seem conventional. gael monfils celebrates after beating roger federer in straight sets at the monte carlo masters.
anyone who has seen the lion king will surely agree that it contains one of the most tear-jerking scenes in all of disney history. shot by adoring dad , called barles charkley on the site , who is based in baltimore , maryland , the video stars his toddler daughter viktoria , as she comes to terms with the tragedy that is the death of simba the lion 's father , mufasa. tear-jerker : viktoria 's crestfallen reaction -lrb- pictured -rrb- as she witnessed a sad scene from disney 's the lion king for the first time was captured on camera by her father barles charkley.
hull , leicester and swansea city are following poland international winger maciej rybus. stan ternent , hull 's chief scout has watched the 25-year-old playing for russian side terek grozny. he has one year left on his current deal and has a get-out clause for # 3.2 million. rybus impressed during poland 's 1-1 draw with republic of ireland last month. the former legia warsaw player made his debut for his country in franciszek smuda 's first match in charge , a friendly versus romania in november 2009 , but has been used predominately as a substitute. he then scored his first goal for poland four days later in a match against canada.
ronny deila insists celtic will not risk their champions league aspirations by embarking on another gruelling pre-season travel schedule. the norwegian blamed last summer 's money-spinning programme of games in the united states , austria , germany for a damaging 4-1 qualifying defeat to legia warsaw. celtic command lucrative fees for pre-season commitments and have also taken on trips to australia and the far east in recent seasons. ronny deila and nir bitton walk off the pitch after losing to legia warsaw in champions league qualifying. with # 16million on offer just for returning to the champions league group stages , however , deila says he has the blessing of chief executive peter lawwell to scale down this summer 's commitments.
new delhi , india -lrb- cnn -rrb- as the earth shook in nepal , tremors were felt over the border in india as well. it was a call to action : within hours of the first 7.8 magnitude quake , india began planning a massive cross-border aid mission. on sunday alone , india delivered 187 tons of supplies , including 50 tons of water , 22 tons of food and 2 tons of medicine. hundreds of trained disaster relief troops landed in kathmandu and quickly got to work. with each flight in , there was a flight back out , packed with indians and other nationals escaping to safety : 2,000 and counting have fled so far.
pope francis is presiding over a good friday torchlight procession at the colosseum this evening - and is using the service to stress the persecution of christians. the pope has repeatedly lamented christian suffering in the middle east , africa and elsewhere. reflecting this concern , among those chosen to take turns carrying the cross in the way of the cross procession in the ancient arena were faithful from iraq , syria , nigeria , egypt and china. pope francis prays in front of the colosseum during the via crucis -lrb- way of the cross -rrb- torchlight procession. a cross inside the colosseum before the start of the procession - which commemorates the crucifixion.
atlanta -lrb- cnn -rrb- `` do you use toilet paper ? '' that 's the question 26-year-old anamarie shreeves receives most often. a maryland native , shreeves considered herself an `` earth advocate '' from a fairly young age. shreeves began her journey into zero-waste living two years ago. she had just quit her job working in television and decided to move to ecuador for a few months. she had read a blog post by a woman who lives a zero waste life in new york called the no trash project , and she was inspired. in the first week , she filled up half the mason jar with paper towels after grabbing them to dry her hands , just out of habit.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- criminal justice reform is rapidly becoming one of the few bipartisan issues of our time. america has the highest incarceration rate in the world , with 5 % of the world 's population and 25 % of its prisoners. nearly 2 1/2 million americans are in prison. over 65 million people , or 20 % of the country , have criminal records. most disturbingly , nearly 40 % of our country 's prisoners are african-americans , who only make up 13 % of the general population. the federal criminal code includes over 4,500 laws and counting , not to mention government regulations for which there are criminal penalties.
she has already taken the modelling world by storm , being snapped up to front campaigns for the upside , myer , berlei and asos , to name a few. and now like megan gale , jennifer hawkins and elle macpherson before her , plus-size queen laura wells has turned her hand to designing. the brunette bombshell has launched a new swimwear line with a twist - the eco-friendly collection is made entirely of 100 per cent recycled material. scroll down for video. curves to coral : model and environmental scientist laura wells uses figure to flaunt ocean inspired swimwear. the environmental scientist turned model designed the line in collaboration with us brand swimsuits for all 's trend range , swimsexy.
when lane smith passed away in a freak accident last july , he left behind his heavily-pregnant girlfriend and their unborn son. but now , nearly eight months after his passing , the young oklahoma family has been reunited in their first ever family portrait , thanks to some clever photoshopping by a local photographer. kayli henley was snapping pictures of six-month-old taos and his 20-year-old mother , sierra sharry , when the young mom asked the photographer if she could make their family complete. scroll down for video. family portrait : a photoshopped image shows sierra sharry holding her six-month-old son taos with her boyfriend , the baby 's father , lane smith , standing behind them.
aaron lennon has finally found something to smile about but roberto martinez carried the frown of a man down on his luck as he headed for the bus home. that 's not to say this was a bad day for everton. they have had plenty of those in this long season over land and sea and could yet finish in the lower half of the premier league for the first time since 2006. jonjo shelvey converted from 12 yards to rescue a point for swansea after seamus coleman handled in the penalty box. shelvey made no mistake from the spot as the former liverpool midfielder sends everton goalkeeper tim howard the wrong way.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- rebekah gregory blinked back tears as she thought about the verdict. it had been almost two years since dzhokhar tsarnaev and his brother planted bombs at the boston marathon , setting off deadly explosions that wounded her and hundreds of others. in court last month , she testified that one of the blasts on that day in 2013 left her lying in the street , staring at her own bones. now , jurors have found him guilty on all 30 counts he faced for the deadly bombings and their aftermath. `` i do n't believe that there will ever be justice brought to this , no mater if he does get the death penalty or he remains in prison for the rest of his life , '' she said , crying as she spoke to reporters outside her texas home.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- the public outrage over the `` religious freedom '' bills recently passed in arkansas and indiana caught the governors of those states completely off-guard , judging by their confused and contradictory responses. as poll watchers , they surely knew that most americans now oppose the discriminatory laws and practices they accepted as normal only a dozen years ago. for the past three decades , socially conservative evangelicals and pro-business interests have been powerfully allied against government regulations , environmental initiatives and social welfare programs , while supporting lower taxes for the wealthy and pushing back against the growing diversity in america 's population.
the great british bake off presenter sue perkins is taking a break from twitter after men began sending her death threats in response to her becoming the bookmakers ' favourite to replace jeremy clarkson on top gear. last week , a flurry of bets placed on perkins , 45 , propelled her to the top spot for the now-vacant position , according to bookmakers coral. death threats : the great british bake off star told twitter followers she 's leaving the site after receiving abuse. ' clarkson 's future at the bbc remains uncertain but he will be back on the channel later this month to host satirical quiz show have i got news for you.
paris in the spring is the time for lounging on blankets in a park while taking in the spectacular views , sipping on local wine and nibbling on a fresh baguette and ripe camembert. visitors or locals can select made-to-order picnic baskets filled with wine , baguettes , cheese and crisps. customers can pick from one of the four picnic options on offer and order online. le classique picnic , which costs $ 55 -lrb- # 40 -rrb- for two people , comes with a choice of wine , baguettes , an assortment of cheeses , charcuterie , gourmet crisps , fresh fruit , a green salad , water and a seasonal dessert.
south korean prosecutors on wednesday indicted a man who slashed the u.s. ambassador in seoul last month on charges of attempted murder. kim ki-jong , 55 , was also indicted wednesday on charges of assaulting a foreign envoy and obstruction , according to an official at the seoul central district prosecutors ' office , who did not want to be named , citing department rules. on monday , the recovering diplomat , mark lippert , was pictured out on the streets of seoul flanked by five bodyguards. south korean law requires the trial to start within 14 days , and there is a possibility that it could start as early as next week , according to an official at the seoul central district court , who did n't want to be named , citing office rules.
not only does gareth bale definitely want to stay at real madrid beyond the end of this season but he is determined to win over some of the hardest to please supporters in football and become the best player in the world. and it is one that is not set to change regardless of how persistent the rumours of a possible switch to manchester united become. bale is injured and out of wednesday 's euroderby ii showdown with atletico madrid. carlo ancelotti has already gone on record as to just how important he believes the welshman is to real madrid. gareth bale is adamant that he wants to stay at real madrid despite strong interest from manchester united.
now , the sweeping documentary series ` planet earth ' is getting a sequel. the filmmakers said they plan to use the latest digital camera technology as they venture from the planet 's ice caps to ocean depths to deserts and remote forests. scroll down for video of the original planet earth. this photo provided by netflix and wwf-international shows an aerial view of hardy reef , home to the heart reef , in the great barrier reef , australia , an area which will be included in the netflix natural history series , ` our planet , ' in collaboration with silverback films and wwf.
so said robert streeter and robert hoehn , two self-styled intelligence experts in the thirties , who set out to discover clever people by publishing a book posing devilishly difficult brain-teasers for members of the general public. now their book has been republished and here we offer you a selection of its tortuous tests -- so you can discover if you are a genius ... a book designed to discover clever people in the 1930s has been republished and is full of tricky questions and brain-teasers. 1. rearrange the following letters so as to make the name of a living creature :.
two hitmen associates of a ` freddy krueger ' killer who tried to gun down a rival during london 's bloodiest gang feud have been jailed for a total of 44 years today. christopher annan , 24 , and tyrone wright , 20 , took part in a gun attack on tottenham turks gang member inan eren. the attack was led by hitman jamie marsh-smith , 23 , a fearsome hired gun who had earned the nickname ` freddy ' after the nightmare on elm street killer. jamie marsh-smith -lrb- left -rrb- known as ` freddy ' after the nightmare on elm street character , executed gang boss zafer eren -lrb- right -rrb-.
while pounding on the treadmill day in and day out may work for some people , for others it is a torturous task that makes exercise nearly impossible to enjoy , let alone commit to. founded by former nida graduate shannon dooley , 30 , the aerobics classes with a twist are all about ` making fitness fabulous '. described as ` freestyle aerobic workout , ' retrosweat is inspired by the era of old-school vhs workouts made famous by jane fonda , and involves choreography to match the eighties soundtrack. scroll down for video. getting physical : shannon dooley has founded ` retrosweat ' - an eighties-inspired aerobics class in the style of jane fonda 's iconic workouts.
a nebraska man has found an innovative way to make his craigslist ad stand out by shooting a commercial for the car he is trying to sell. ` while the 2002 ford taurus is a fine car , it 's not exactly exciting with just a couple of photos on craigslist on its own , ' he told the daily mail online. ' django greenblatt-seay , 33 , made a craigslist ad for his 2002 ford taurus stand out by filming a commercial for the car he is selling for $ 3,000. greenblatt-seay used a drone to film this cinematic overhead shot at hummel park in omaha , nebraska.
pope francis has angered the turkish government by describing the mass-murders of up to 1.5 million armenians in 1915 as ` the first. turkey told the vatican ambassador it was ` deeply sorry and disappointed ' in pope francis , adding that his comments had caused a ` problem of trust '. scroll down for video. turkey said pope francis has caused a ` problem of trust ' after describing the mass-murders of up to 1.5 million armenians by ottoman turks in 1915 as ` the first genocide of the 20th century ' while turkey accepts that many armenians died in.
turns out the complicated hit maker was suffering from lyme disease , which yolanda foster of the real housewives of beverly hills and eighties pop icon debbie gibson also have. struggling : avril lavigne told abc news on thursday that she had a hard time getting diagnosed for lyme disease. she is pictured here at her 30th birthday party in las vegas when she was fully suffering the effects. the blonde first shared the news with people magazine in early april that she had been out of the public eye - and was bedridden for five months - because she was trying to recover from the disease.
this is the moment that a crew of firefighters struggled to haul a giant pig out of a garden swimming pool. the prize porker , known as pigwig , had fallen into the pool in an upmarket neighbourhood in ringwood , hampshire. his owners had been taking him for a walk around the garden when the animal plunged into the water and was unable to get out. a team from dorset fire and rescue struggled to haul the huge black pig out of swimming pool water. a spokesman for dorset fire and rescue service said : ` at 4.50 pm yesterday the service received a call to a pig stuck in a swimming pool.
current and former female agents spoke out to the new york times on sunday to renounce depictions of cia women on tv shows and in movies. retired cia officer sandra grimes , 69 , who helped expose her colleague aldrich ames as a russian double agent , says she sees nothing of herself in the characters at the center of shows like state of affairs and homeland. scroll down for video. that 's not me : retired cia officer sandra grimes -lrb- pictured above in january 2013 -rrb- is one of many former and current women at the agency speaking out about depictions of female spies on tv and in movies.
manny pacquiao has promoted a range of t-shirts commemorating his impending bout with floyd mayweather in las vegas on may 2. he uploaded a picture to instagram of one the shirts , named ` fight gear ' on the website selling the merchandise , which is black and has ` the fight of the century , mayweather vs pacquiao ' with a picture of the filipino boxer across it. manny pacquiao uploaded a picture of one of the shirts made ahead of his fight with floyd mayweather. the cheapest shirt has an 'm ' for mayweather ' above a ` p ' for pacquiao.
the philippine army has released new photographs of chinese construction work in disputed waters in the south china sea as it launched giant war games with the united states involving 11,500 personnel that were partly aimed at warning china. the philippines voiced alarm about chinese ` aggressiveness ' in the area as it launched the balikatan 2015 joint philippines and us military exercises. aquino is set to ask southeast asian leaders to issue a collective. he said recently that china 's actions in the region could lead to military conflict. the aerial images show intense recent chinese construction over seven reefs and shoals in the spratly archipelago of the flashpoint south china sea.
the wi has been told it must pay the royal albert hall thousands of pounds if it wants to serve the cakes to 5,000 women attending centenary celebrations at the venue in june. for days on end , two of its members slaved away baking enough cakes to feed 5,000 women attending the wi 's centenary celebrations at the royal albert hall in june. but the wi has now been told it must pay the venue thousands of pounds to serve the cakes. ` the wi is a charity and i would have thought the albert hall could have come to an amicable arrangement.
a home video of a six-year-old boy taking his morning pills to treat cystic fibrosis has had more than one million hits in just a week -- with no sign of global interest waning. ` i 've always wanted to be famous so this is just brilliant , ' says jesse , from kesgrave , suffolk , who is seen taking nine out of his daily dose of 45 pills. scroll down for video. jesse o'brien , pictured with his mother heidi , has to take a daily dose of 45 pills to treat cystic fibrosis. a video of six-year-old jesse o'brien -lrb- left -rrb- taking his morning pills -lrb- right -rrb- to treat cystic fibrosis has gone viral.
a new york man was indicted wednesday on multiple charges after allegedly strangling a relative 's dog and bragging about it afterward. police say edward nudel , 41 , of staten island broke into his relative 's home on march 11 and strangled a 2-year-old pomeranian named lola ` in an especially depraved and sadistic manner , ' silive reports. ' bragging : edward nudel , 41 -lrb- photographed -rrb- , was indicted wednesday on multiple charges after allegedly strangling a relative 's dog and bragging about it afterward. police were called and arrived at nudel 's bay terrace home to find him sleeping in his bed with lola lying motionless on the floor nearby with her tongue out , sources told silive.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- the idea of sustainable development is that raw capitalism is far too powerful for its own good. global capitalism is a juggernaut , with the world economy now doubling in size every generation. the reality is that raw capitalism is the economics of greed. unleash greed , the theory goes , and type-a personalities around the world will spend inordinate energy to organize businesses , invent new products , and thereby raise well-being. after all , the world economy has expanded at least 100-fold since modern industrial capitalism first found its footing in britain around 1800 , and for most of the world , living standards have risen markedly along the way.
a california homeowners ' surveillance video captured footage of three burglars who broke into their house , including one who stared directly at the camera. in the video , released by the los angeles police department , two men and one woman can be seen entering a san fernando valley home in the mid-afternoon. say cheese ! this young burglar stared right into a security camera and he and two pals robbed a home in los angeles - making off with a large safe and multiple guns. a california homeowner 's surveillance video captured footage of three burglars , two men and one woman , who broke into their los angeles home mid-afternoon.
a new york city skin clinic 's popular new laser treatment promises to tighten skin and improve complexion - if clients are brave enough to sign a waiver releasing their personal information to a funeral director and a coroner first. manhattan-based skin laundry says that after just ten minutes , their light and laser procedure will leave your skin ` glowing ' , while also promising that long-term use will reduce wrinkles , clear acne , and minimize scarring. scroll down for video. risky regimen : to get skin laundry 's popular laser facial , clients must sign a waiver that releases their personal information to a funeral director and a coroner.
somehow , to the backdrop of supporter unrest , protests and a worst-ever start to a premier league season , alan pardew managed to excavate five straight victories from a newcastle side which ranks as their most uninspiring of recent years. many fans may be loath to admit as much -- others readily do -- but without that freakish run manufactured by an embattled pardew , they would be headed for a second relegation in seven seasons. alan pardew 's five-game winning run was crucial to newcastle 's season , who would only be on 20 points. newcastle 's fans protested for the board to sack pardew as manager and were delighted when he resigned.
when a rubber dinghy carrying around 100 african refugees across the mediterranean began to sink , a nigerian christian prayed for his life in an innocent act that would end in the deaths of 12 fellow migrants. ' when he refused , a violent fight ensued and 12 christians drowned when they were thrown overboard by the muslim refugees. the tragic news comes amid reports that an unprecedented 10,000 refugees fleeing war and persecution in africa have been rescued by italian ships in the past week. scroll down for videos. desperate : nigerian muslims on a dinghy carrying around 100 african refugees across the mediterranean became angry when one christian passenger began praying for his life -lrb- refugees in sicily pictured -rrb-.
wedding season is fast upon us , but with the average cost of the big day hitting # 25,000 , thrifty brides are on the hunt for ways to budget. scroll down for video. wedding season is upon us and for brides on a budget , there 's plenty of ways to save thousands of pounds on your special day. 1. go big : rather than having lots of smaller tables , seat your guests on larger tables. not only will they get to know more people , you 'll save money by having to purchases fewer centerpieces and tablecloths. 2.
in february , when lady gaga went on stage at the oscars , millions of viewers in more than 200 countries saw her perform a tribute to the sound of music to mark its 50th anniversary. in los angeles there was a standing ovation when the original star , julie andrews , came on stage. however , one country was left baffled : austria , where the movie was set and filmed. each year , 300,000 people come to salzburg to soak up the magic and visit the locations of the film -- it 's the reason three-quarters of all tourists head to the city.
a man tore a tendon in his thumb after playing candy crush on his phone for weeks -- and did n't even realise he was injured. doctors who treated him said his case shows video games can numb people 's pain and this might be why some people play them excessively , and why some people become addicted or become injured while playing. a man tore a tendon in his thumb after playing the game candy crush saga on his phone for weeks - but reported he felt no pain at all -lrb- file photo -rrb-. candy crush saga is a popular game that involves swiping rows of brightly coloured sweets in order to line up three matching ones and earn points.
a pregnant mother with a rare form of dwarfism has revealed the physical challenges of raising her three-year-old son - who is more than half her size - while preparing for the arrival of her second child. tiffanie didonato , from swansboro , north carolina , was born with diastrophic dysplasia and underwent numerous limb-lengthening surgeries as a child so she would grow to be 4 '10 tall , instead of her previous height of 3 ' 8 , which is how tall her son titan currently is. ' helping hand : tiffanie didonato , who has diastrophic dysplasia , a rare form of dwarfism , can be seen grocery shopping with her three-year-old son titan , who is more than half her size , but always willing to assist her.
scroll down for video. a 1921 application form to join the racist ku klux klan organisation has emerged. the form was purchased at an ephemera show -- where collectibles are sold -- by delaware rare book dealer ian brabner , whose firm , rare americana , buys and sells 18th to early 20th century rare books and historical manuscripts. in a blog post brabner explained that the numbers ` 8-2-21 ' in the top left corner of the unused form would have stood for the date -- august 2 , 1921. he wrote : ` you can assume there 's a fair amount of xenophobic sentiment and anxiety about the waves of immigration to america , in 1921 , post world-war one.
a tiny ten by six mile speck in the south atlantic 1,200 miles from the coast of west africa , it lay undiscovered for around 14 million years able to evolve its own unique flora and fauna untouched by the outside world. but almost from the moment portuguese explorer juan de nova was blown there by the trade winds in 1502 it assumed an importance out of all proportion to its size. jamestown is the capital of the south atlantic island of saint helena , discovered by in 1502 by juan de nova. it was a key stopping place for the ships of the east india company and other vessels - at its peak it serviced a thousand a year.
hillary clinton embraced the federal recognition of same-sex marriage today , saying through a spokesperson she believes it should be a ` constitutional right. ' the former obama administration official endorsed gay marriage in 2013 after she left the state department , saying she ` was fully in support of gay marriage and that it is now continuing to proceed state-by-state. now a presidential candidate , clinton today gave same-sex marriage her complete backing ahead of the presentation later this month of oral arguments in several cases before the supreme court on the matter. scroll down for video. now a presidential candidate , clinton today gave same-sex marriage her complete backing.
the front row at mercedes-benz fashion week australia were given an eyeful during the st george new generation show on thursday. models strut down the runway in delicate sheer creations by marriam seddiq , and a few stood out for being particularly eyebrow-raising. one model paraded in a completely see-through mesh dress that left little to the imagination. scroll down for video. cheeky : models give the front row an eyeful in sheer dresses and pants by marriam seddiq during the st george new generation show at mercedes-benz fashion week australia. another wore an unusual skirt and pants creation that appeared demure front-on , but as the model walked was revealed to be a printed panel that viewed from the side revealed entirely sheer pants , showing off her derrière.
izaak gillen -lrb- above -rrb- , seven months , was taken to hospital on april 6 with a skull fracture while at his babysitter 's oregon city home. a seven-month-old boy 's death has been ruled a homicide after he suffered a skull fracture while in the care of his babysitter and later died. izaak gillen of oregon city was taken to randall children 's hospital on april 6 with the injury and was pronounced dead the next day , said oregon city police sgt. matthew paschall. detectives began investigating the circumstances surrounding the incident and concluded he was at the babysitter 's house when he sustained a skull fracture , according to oregonlive.
' ms gerhardt chose to employ the same initiatives she teaches to young children through her melbourne company , kidproof safety , and completely ignore the bully. an internet troll often trawls through social media , hunting for victims , while a ` flamer ' -lrb- like in ms gerhardt 's case -rrb- waits for the victim to contact them and unleashes a hateful response. then by communicating the incident to an adult and then exiting the situation , the behaviour is not escalated. an internet troll often trawls through social media , hunting for victims , while a ` flamer ' waits for the victim to contact them and unleashes a hateful response.
two african-americans -- ella jones and wesley bell -- were elected to the ferguson city council on tuesday , meaning three of the six council members are black. -lsb- previous story , published at 6:52 p.m. et -rsb-. amid the rain , ferguson opened its polls at 6 a.m. for municipal elections that traditionally have drawn very few out to vote. this was the first city election since white police officer darren wilson shot and killed unarmed black teenager michael brown last august. since then , this st. louis suburb of 21,000 people has gone through epic upheaval with revelations of systemic discrimination against african-americans by law enforcement and the courts.
real madrid midfielder james rodriguez is ` worth his weight in gold ' after settling in seamlessly at the bernabeu this season. that 's the view of spanish newspaper marca , who focus on the impressive form of the colombian star since his # 60million move from monaco last summer. marca -lrb- left -rrb- say that james rodriguez is ` worth his weight in gold ' as as focus on cristiano ronaldo 's appeal. the 23-year-old is also described as ` the jewel in real madrid 's crown ' and praised for his influence in the no 10 role after scoring 13 goals and laying on 12 more for his team-mates so far this season.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- sen. elizabeth warren insists she 's not running for president. but her description of a 2016 `` dream '' presidential candidate sounds a lot like , well , her. warren , during an appearance friday on cnn 's `` new day , '' said she wanted to see someone willing to fight for the middle class and `` make washington work for families again. '' warren says she feels that washington functions well for special interest groups and the well-connected but leaves out the rest of the nation. '' warren , a massachusetts democrat , also got specific with her wish list , mentioning that a candidate willing to lower the interest rates on student loans and shore up social security would get high marks from her.
scott dann was a fraction offside when he set up glenn murray for palace 's first goal -lrb- 2 -rrb- , but it would be harsh to put too much blame on assistant john brooks. he was spot on with two equally tight calls in the same move -- before dann got the ball -lrb- 1 -rrb- and for murray 's finish -lrb- 3 -rrb-.
rock hudson once called him his ` one true love , ' and now lee garlington is opening up about his three year relationship with the iconic hollywood actor - and the lengths they went to in order to keep his sexuality a secret. garlington says he was an extra on a movie set when he first decided to check out hudson , having heard rumors the star was gay , but had to wait an entire year until he heard from the star. scroll down for video. lee garlington is opening up about his secret gay relationship with hollywood star rock hudson -lrb- above with james dean and elizabeth taylor on the set of giant -rrb-.
with rigorous grooming regimes and instagram filters , it seems that some celebrities are on a constant mission to stay forever young - and succeeding. from child actors that swiftly deteriorated in the lime light or golden hollywood stars that have greyed with time , femail rounds up the celebrities that have aged terribly. the child actress shot to fame as a freckle-faced darling in classics such as the parent trap , freaky friday and mean girls , but despite showing much promise , the now 28-year-old began to experience regular run-ins with the law and started appearing on headlines for the wrong reasons.
dubai is renowned as the playground of the rich and famous. despite the restrictions of local religious laws , the champagne-fuelled party life has come to somewhat define dubai as a holiday destination. dubai : it 's still ` bling ' but the natural habitat of the mega-wealthy has a developing cultural underside. because of this , i have always regarded this uae state as the natural habitat for the types of mega-wealthy who like to splash their cash ; premier league footballers , nightclub owners , rappers and reality tv stars - the rooneys and the cast of the only way is essex will continue to flock to dubai.
in the australian outback , if you want to get up-close and personal with a mob of local emus , you need a guide who will get down and dirty ... apparently. in a video posted online by youtube user ratbag nomad , one man , referred to as australianwidefishingguide , shows tourists how it 's done. emus are notoriously curious flightless birds of australia. as the tour guide started peddling his legs slowly in the air , the mob of emus started coming closer. the video , filmed from a vehicle on an empty dirt road in the bush , shows the guide lying down on his back and kicking his legs in the air to lure a mob of emus in the distance.
a liberal mayor who wrote a glowing reference for a convicted rapist asking for him to be spared jail is developing a program to teach young women about ` risky behaviour '. eastern sydney 's waverley mayor sally betts wrote a reference for luke lazarus ` out of loyalty to the family ' after he raped an 18-year-old woman in an alleyway outside his father 's soho nightclub , in sydney. now the controversial councillor is developing ' a new risky behaviour education program to try and help young women understand and better deal with being in vulnerable situations '. the mayor of three years said : ` by the sheer fact of -lrb- the assault -rrb- happening at a nightclub and alcohol is involved , -lrb- means people are -rrb- open to the possibility of risky behaviour , so i 'm saying let 's try and close that loophole.
but analysis of popular search terms on google has revealed the areas around the world that seem to be most concerned with sexually transmitted diseases. by far , the most searched for term globally is hiv and aids , followed by herpes and then human papilloma virus -lrb- hpv -rrb- which can cause cervical cancer. the map above shows the countries in europe with the highest and second highest number of searches per capita for different sexually transmitted diseases. the data was gathered using google trends. in the uk , chlamydia seemed to cause most concern , and is incidentally the most commonly diagnosed std in the country according to official figures.
kathmandu , nepal -lrb- cnn -rrb- rescue crews and residents in nepal early sunday began the desperate search for survivors after a magnitude-7 .8 quake near the capital of kathmandu a day earlier flattened homes , buildings and temples , causing widespread damage across the region and killing more than 1,800 people. follow the latest coverage of nepal earthquake. whole streets and squares in the capital of more than 1 million people were covered in rubble. locals and tourists ferreted through mounds of debris in search of survivors. cheers rose from the piles when people were found alive -- but mostly bodies turned up.
usain bolt walked into a small gym at the base of rio de janeiro 's mangueira favela on thursday , took three shots on the basketball court - at least one from 3-point range - and made all three. that bodes well for next year 's olympics , where the six-time gold-medal sprinter will try to add three more in rio. he won three in 2008 in beijing and three more in london in 2012. i 'm looking forward to being here and competing. yes definitely. ' usain bolt took three shots on the basketball court and converted all three on a trip in brazil.
peter scudamore rode an incredible 1,678 winners but has seen his achievements dwarfed by ap mccoy. here , he identifies what he believes are the 10 finest achievements of saturday 's retiring champion. he has won virtually every big race in the calendar but mccoy 's greatest feat has to be the immense tally of winners he has ridden. to put his numbers into perspective , in the all-time list of successful jockeys , great rival richard johnson is closest to him and the gap is around 1,500 winners. tony mccoy celebrating after he won his 4,000 th race on board mountain tune at wetherby in 2013.
with britons downing a caffeine-shake-inducing average of 70 million cups of coffee per day , pret has revealed a secret that the nation may want take note of - how to get a free cup. clive schlee , chief executive of the coffee giant , revealed he has given his staff the power to hand out a coffee on the house to people they like or fancy. scroll down for video. femail writer deni kirkova travelled to four different pret a manger shops in london to find out what it takes to get a free coffee from staff. before paying a visit to the next three coffee shops , she amped up the glamour by removing her glasses , applying a full face of make-up and donning a little red dress with a fair share of cleavage and leg on show.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- u.s. president barack obama 's recent explanation of how his administration will engage with the middle east is far from reassuring to the region. in his interview with tom friedman from the new york times on april 4 , obama explained u.s. foreign policy moves on iran and cuba , which friedman described as the `` obama doctrine. '' by capabilities , the president must mean the tools , whether diplomatic , economic or military , to protect and defend u.s. interests. the doctrine is significant because it provides greater clarity about the u.s. policy under the rest of obama 's presidency.
these cars had n't just disembarked from france or germany or japan. scroll down for video. britain last year produced more than 1.5 million cars -- the most since 2007 -- and we are poised to overtake france and become the second biggest car manufacturing power in europe. you , too , may remember that mullet - haired decade. the music was superb , the food was mediocre , and british industry was on its knees. boris johnson : the problem with ed miliband is that he wants to take the country back to the 1970s. we had atrocious relations between management and unions , and a legal framework that gave all the power to the unions.
furious 7 has raced to. the top of the domestic box office , picking up a massive $ 143.6. million in its opening weekend. the film has also established a new high-water mark for the month of. april , blowing past the $ 95 million debut of captain america :. the winter soldier , and now stands as the highest-grossing opening for any film in the fast and furious franchise. ninth among the top ten openings in history. ledger , audiences flocked to see star paul walker in one of his. scroll down for video. furious 7 has raced to the top of the domestic box office chart , picking up a massive $ 143.6 million in its opening weekend.
she recently revealed her then boyfriend jerry o'connell ` flirted with and felt up ' rebecca romijn at a party over a decade ago. the television personality - with the maiden name depandi at the time - cuddled up to the stand by me actor on the red carpet at the maxim magazine hot 100 party in las vegas back in june 2004. scroll down for video. former flame : giuliana rancic and jerry o'connell were pictured together at the maxim hot 100 party in las vegas in june of 2004. the other woman : also in attendance at the event was actress rebecca romijn.
a pensioner who has visited a beauty spot for 70 years has been banned after she was accused of knocking down the landowner 's son with her car. patricia wilnecker , 81 , fell in love with lamorna cove in cornwall so much on her first visit in 1948 she eventually moved nearby and also wrote a book about it. but she has been told she is no longer welcome there by the owner roy stevenson after he accused her of deliberately hitting his son daniel , 36 , during a stand-off at the entrance. banned : patricia wilnecker , 81 , pictured with her dog shorty , fell in love with lamorna cove in cornwall in 1948 and has gone there every year - but can no longer go after a run-in with the landowner 's son.
around 16 million tourists visit florence every year. it 's popularity is not surprising - the city contains over sixty per cent of the world 's art heritage. so a new initiative set up by prince ottaviano de'medici di toscana , representative of the historic house of the medici , is aiming to reclaim the city , saving it from the ruins of mass tourism. around 16 million tourists visit florence every year , visiting historical sights such as the duomo , pictured here. the last ten years have seen a steep incline in the amount of visitors to the city.
washington -lrb- cnn -rrb- judge jeffrey sutton does n't have a lot of company on the appeals courts these days. sutton , who sits on the 6th u.s. circuit court of appeals in cincinnati , penned the only recent appellate court decision to uphold state bans on same-sex marriage. the split helped pave the way for the u.s. supreme court to take up a case on tuesday that could ultimately decide whether gay and lesbian couples nationwide have a constitutional right to marry. and it provides important insight into the legal arguments that could be made before the court by states seeking to uphold bans at a time when the national sentiment is quickly shifting in favor of same-sex marriage.
authorities forced alleged gang members to reveal their tattoos after they were arrested during a nationwide operation that saw more than 1,200 people detained. officials from 215 local , state and federal law-enforcement agencies seized hoards of weapons , drugs and cash at the addresses and at least 913 have already been charged with a range of crimes including rape , murder and sexual assault. as they were booked into jail , some of the suspects were forced to take off their shirts and reveal their ink - many of which are believed to be tied to gangs. detained : a gang member arrested during raids by homeland security and customs officials across the country shows off his head tattoo in dallas , texas -lrb- left -rrb-.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- a jury of rolling stone 's media peers has dissected the magazine 's disastrous , discredited story about rape on the campus of the university of virginia , and the emerging consensus is that rolling stone 's lapses and sloppy blunders amount to journalistic malpractice -- made all the worse by the magazine 's head-in-the sand reaction to the thorough , devastating report released by a panel of investigators from the columbia university graduate school of journalism. the magazine 's decision not to fire anybody or reorganize its newsroom operation is not. before the original story , `` a rape on campus , '' was pulled from the rolling stone website , it registered 2.7 million hits following its publication in november -- more than any noncelebrity story in the magazine 's history.
jamie jewitt , 24 , and henry rogers , 22 , both admit that when they were in their teens , their self-esteem was at rock bottom. henry , from ealing , reached eighteen stone at his heaviest. scroll down for video. henry rogers , 22 , hit 18st at his heaviest , left , but went on an intense two-year diet , including going vegan for a year , and now he 's a sought-after model , right. at this point , he was keen to pursue a career in rugby , which was his passion. however , after reaching 18st , he decided to embark on a strict diet and after shedding the pounds and slimming down to 12st , he landed a job at abercrombie & fitch , where he was scouted by top agency , models 1.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- robert boardwine 's path to fatherhood was unconventional , but virginia 's appeals court said tuesday he is legally entitled to be a part of his son 's life. boardwine 's friend , joyce bruce , had used his sperm and a turkey baster to get pregnant. she also thought that because they never had sex , she was entitled to be the boy 's sole parent , according to court documents. the court of appeals of virginia decided differently in weighing the commonwealth 's assisted conception statute and denying bruce 's appeal to deny boardwine visitation. it agreed with a circuit court ruling that method of insemination did n't come from medical technology.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- unicef said friday that an initial shipment of 16 tons of medical supplies , meant to help 80,000 innocents caught up in the havoc of yemen , had at last landed in yemen 's capital , sanaa. the conflict is exacting a heavy toll on children and families , unicef said in a statement. `` the humanitarian situation is worsening all the time , with increasingly limited access to water , basic sanitation and critical health services , '' the statement quoted unicef yemen representative julien harneis , speaking from amman , jordan , as saying. '' aid agencies have been saying that supplies were desperately needed , but getting them into the country in the midst of regional turmoil was difficult.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- c-span 's live telecast of the white house correspondents ' association dinner on saturday night , hosted by cecily strong of `` saturday night live , '' was not strong 's finest hour , though the entire affair seemed like five of c-span 's longest hours. president barack obama , as strong 's warm-up act , did n't hit the podium until 10:20 p.m. -lrb- strong got her turn at 10:45. obama , as in past years , came out strong -- a tough act to follow for any comedian. noting his lame-duck status , obama said his advisers asked him if he had a bucket list.
hillary clinton 's now-famous scooby doo van made an appearance in council bluffs , iowa on thursday for a closed-door meeting with state democratic party officials -- and it idled in a handicapped parking space from beginning to end. secret service agents are technically federal law enforcement officers , so there was no chance of a parking ticket , even if scooby had been left unattended. scroll down for videos. secret service agents parked hillary clinton 's campaign van in a handicapped spot on thursday while she was in a top-secret meeting with democratic party officials. clinton emerged from the meeting and greeted a handful of onlookers in council bluffs , iowa.
ten years ago , i signed a letter backing labour in the 2005 election. earlier this month i signed a letter backing the conservatives for this one. five years ago the world was facing catastrophic economic problems. we had stared into the abyss of a complete failure of the international financial system , and managed -- via huge state intervention -- to avoid total collapse. we have outperformed every other major economy. former blair ally charles dunstone -lrb- pictured -rrb- is now supporting the conservative party in the election. when i speak to investors and business people around the world , they see the recent british story as something of a miracle.
phoenix , arizona -lrb- cnn -rrb- nearly 12 million parents in the united states currently are raising kids on their own. `` there are so many doctors ' appointments , copays , surgeries , prescriptions. after her friend passed away , farley-berens helped start a nonprofit dedicated to assisting others in similar circumstances. since 2006 , singleton moms has provided practical , financial and emotional support to more than 300 parents in the phoenix area. tiffany montgomery , 48 , was a newly single mom when she was diagnosed with stage-4 breast cancer. farley-berens ' group pitched in to help , so montgomery could spend more time with her daughter ezri , now 10.
a handful of animal keepers at salt lake city 's hogle zoo found themselves with a tiny red-headed charge when eve , a bornean orangutan , died a few weeks after giving birth. scroll down for video. a new addition : tuah , the five month-old bornean orangutan looks on in the great ape building at utah 's hogle zoo on friday. about 9,000 people visited the zoo saturday , said erica hansen , the zoo 's community relations coordinator. gordon is one of several primate handlers who provided round-the-clock care for the infant , improvising along the way. orangutans spend most of their time in trees.
an alcohol-fuelled 14-year-old boy killed a father-of-two in an unprovoked street attack after wishing him ` happy new year '. paul walker , 52 , was thought to be unconscious before his chin hit the ground and died shortly afterwards in hospital. kyle major , 14 , punched father-of-two paul walker -lrb- right -rrb- in the back of the head after wishing him a happy new year. the court heard the boy had been ` allowed to run wild ' the court heard how he had been found face down in a pool of blood by a passerby in the early hours of new year 's day this year , and that his hands were still in his pockets when paramedics arrived.
barcelona took a major step towards qualification for the last four of the champions league after they dismantled paris saint-germain on wednesday night. sportsmail 's adam crafton takes a look at five things we learned from barcelona 's emphatic victory. super suarez. it feels rather strange now but there was a time last summer when we were all wondering whether luis suarez - with his penchant for a human-based snack during football matches - was worth all that money for barcelona. it is now 17 goals for the season and barcelona 's front three , spearheaded by suarez , lionel messi and neymar is the most in-form in world football.
and now , one esteemed designer has revealed why kim kardashian and kanye west have the midas touch. olivier rousteing has revealed that he chose kim and kanye to star in balmain 's latest campaign because they ` represent a family for the new world '. scroll down for video. fashion 's most well-connected designer , olivier rousteing , has revealed why he snapped kim kardashian and kanye west up to front his balmain campaign. the 29-year-old creative director has revealed he was inspired to feature the couple - who have a 22-month-old daughter north - in the label 's spring/summer 2015 men 's campaign.
but none of these are the reasons why i want you to give me jeremy clarkson 's job. i know many men may baulk at the suggestion that a woman can take jeremy 's place. ' but i think i 'm perfect for the job , and my principal qualification is entirely basic. scroll down for video. sarah vine says the bbc need to look further than just men when it comes to finding a tv presenter to replace jeremy clarkson on top gear. here they made everything you can possibly imagine on wheels , from the great iveco trucks to flashy ferraris.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- the force is strong in turkey -- or at least it appears to be at one university where thousands of students are petitioning for a jedi temple to be built on campus. the petition , which was started by a student at dokuz eylul university in the western province of izmir , so far has almost 5,500 signatures. it adds that `` uneducated padawan '' -- the novice jedis in george lucas ' `` star wars '' film franchise -- `` are moving to the dark side. '' the page on change.org also features a still of jedi grand master yoda from `` star wars : episode ii -- attack of the clones '' teaching young jedis how to use a light saber.
the university of michigan yanked an upcoming screening of the oscar-nominated drama american sniper over student complaints but quickly did an about-face after news of the cancellation sparked a firestorm on campus. ' that tweet was linked to a statement by e. royster harper , the school 's vice president for student life , acknowledging that it was ` a mistake ' to call off the screening. it 's back on : the university of michigan nixed an upcoming screening of the oscar-nominated drama american sniper over student complaints but quickly did an about-face. the movie was originally set to be shown during a student mixer friday , but the university decided to cancel the screening over complaints that american sniper portrays muslims as villains.
raccoons are known for being excellent climbers. the black-eyed bandit was found stuck 30ft-high on a flag pole outside philadelphia 's cathedral basilica of saints peter and paul on tuesday morning. video footage shows the animal clinging for life as it teeters on its makeshift perch. scroll down for video. bizarre site : a raccoon was found stuck 30ft-high on a flag pole outside philadelphia 's cathedral basilica of saints peter and paul on tuesday morning. far from home : video footage shows the animal clinging for life as it teeters on its perch. its arms and legs appear wrapped around the fabric-wrapped pole with its bushy tail tucked down.
and nutrient-rich , there is no denying that breast milk has myriad benefits for babies. but now one company has made the controversial move of using breast milk in a new vanilla ice cream aimed at adults. scroll down for video. royal baby gaga ice cream is made with donated breast milk - screened in line with hospital standards. breastfeeding campaigner victoria hiley has teamed up with london-based ice-creamery the licktators. royal baby gaga ice cream is the brainchild of breastfeeding campaigner victoria hiley. the 30-year-old mother from leeds has collaborated with london-based ice-creamery the licktators to launch the dessert in celebration of the forthcoming birth of the royal baby.
abraham lincoln and george washington were gay , says a new book by a gay activist and award winning writer. in volume one of his two part book ` the american people , ' kramer says that abraham lincoln was gay and his killer john wilkes booth was actually lincoln 's spurned gay lover. ` we know that abraham lincoln was gay , ' kramer told cbs in an interview about the book which came out this month. were they gay ? : writer and gay activist larry kramer claims that abraham lincoln -lrb- left -rrb- and george washington -lrb- right -rrb- were gay.
but two long-time friends from canada , who took their two sets of sons on a journey to the original home of kentucky fried chicken in corbin , kentucky , said it 's a trip they 'll never forget. the group of six completed the drive in three days crossing two canadian provinces including quebec and ontario , as well as five u.s. states - new york , pennsylvania , ohio , indiana and kentucky , according to the times tribune. for three of the sons , it was the first time they had tasted kfc. two long-time friends and their four sons traveled from montreal , quebec to corbin , kentucky to eat at the original home of kentucky fried chicken -lrb- above left to right : jason lutfy , sebastien lutfy , neil janna , jesse janna , josh janna and brian lutfy -rrb-.
a chicago cubs fan managed to catch a foul ball in her cup of beer during a game against the san diego padres on saturday afternoon. ' scroll down for video ... caught ! a woman at a game in chicago who snagged a foul ball in her full cup of beer in the ninth inning on saturday. prime position : ms. dotzenrod said she was sitting in her seats in the second row near third base. i 'll drink to that ! 24-year-old krista dotzenrod from minnesota not only caught the foul ball hit at the game pitting the cubs against padres , but then chugged the beer in celebration.
deposed masters champion bubba watson had to settle for an opening-day 70 to sit four shots off huang wen-yi 's lead at the shenzhen international. watson , who finished 38th at augusta national on sunday as the defence of his masters crown finished in disappointing fashion , was struggling on one over after 13 holes on thursday - having started on the back nine - but three successive birdies got him back under par. bubba watson was off the pace at the shenzhen international and had to settle for an opening-day 70. china 's huang , who only started playing at the age of 22 some 12 years ago , carded eight birdies and two bogeys in his six-under-par round as he finished the first day one clear of a group of four players.
but colorado 's new belgium brewery and the folks at ben & jerry 's are teaming up on a beer inspired by ice cream -- salted caramel brownie ice cream , to be precise. their release does n't say what the campaign will be all about , but ben & jerry 's senior global marketing manager jay curley promises it will be `` impactful. '' the companies will announce the details later this year , and the beer is set to hit shelves in the fall. new belgium supports sustainable agriculture , climate change and other initiatives , while ben & jerry 's -- now a subsidiary of global conglomerate unilever -- stays true to its hippie roots with support for environmental initiatives , fair trade efforts , marriage equality and more.
james tomkins hopes to return to action with west ham before the end of the season , but the defender knows his campaign may be over. tomkins dislocated his shoulder in the gym last month and has undergone successful surgery. james tomkins hopes to return to action with west ham before the end of the season. tomkins , seen with stewart downing , dislocated his shoulder in the gym underwent successful surgery. tomkins celebrates with west ham united midfielder kevin nolan at upton park. ` when you look at the fixtures , we have got quite winnable games , so i am confident the lads can get a lot of points from them with the squad we have got.
david alaba has given bayern munich some good news after posting a video on his instagram of the cast being removed following his recent knee ligament damage. the austrian has n't had much luck in terms of injuries but is clearly delighted he can now step-up his recovery and return for the bundesliga leaders. ' david alaba is looking to get back to fitness for bayern munich now his cast has been removed. the versatile star had his cast signed by all his team-mates who arrived in portugal on monday , ahead of their champions league quarter-final clash with porto. bayern thrashed shakhtar donetsk in the last round and will be looking for a repeat result when they line up on wednesday at the estadio do dragao.
this is the moment jeremy clarkson talked himself out of a ticket after leaving his bright green lamborghini parked on yellow lines. despite his recent woes , he was seen laughing with a traffic warden in london , who had tried to put a ticket on his borrowed supercar. the warden recognized the former top gear host immediately and the pair chatted for a few minutes. scroll down for video. jeremy clarkson talked himself out of a parking ticket in london today after leaving his green lamborghini parked on yellow lines. after spending 15 minutes inspecting a black ferrari , clarkson drove off in his eye-catching supercar.
an australian plus-sized model has revealed her skinnier counterparts have only ` one cracker and a couple glasses of water ' per day to keep thin in the lead up to fashion week. laura wells has found international success as a size 14 model , including appearing in cosmopolitan and australian women 's weekly magazines. scroll down for video. laura wells -lrb- left -rrb- has found international success as a size 14 model , including appearing in cosmopolitan and australian women 's weekly magazines. ` it goes to the extremes - no food being eaten , prescription dietary pills , agents telling girls that they 're only allowed to have one cracker and a couple glasses of water leading up to fashion week per day , ' wells told australian women 's weekly.
he was once the most powerful man in the world , but former us president bill clinton says he believes he should take a more backstage role should his wife , hillary , decide to run for president. in an interview with town & country magazine , the 68-year-old revealed that he believes he has lost his natural flair for political campaigning , adding that becoming a grandparent to his daughter chelsea 's six-month-old daughter charlotte has tamed the angry side of his personality which once helped to propel him to victory. ' he said. scroll down for video. back seat ? president clinton plans to stay out of the limelight if and when hillary clinton launches her expected run for president , he tells town and country magazine in a new interview.
tragedy : dr. frederic brandt was battling with extreme depression before his suicide on sunday a police report revealed on tuesday. a friend insists fredric brandt was offended by a character on tina fey 's new tv show that bore uncanny similarities to him - despite initial claims he ` laughed it off '. the cosmetologist killed himself on easter sunday , weeks after the march 6 launch of the unbreakable kimmy schmidt on netflix. friends admit brandt identified the resemblance - but most claim he jovially pointed it out and laughed. one of his clients and friends rosemary hayt told the paper she spotted syringes for fillers in his bathroom at home in chelsea , new york.
sir bradley wiggins will bid for cycling 's hour record on june 7 at london 's olympic velodrome. the four-time olympic champion and 2012 tour de france winner , who is 35 on april 28 , will attempt to add to his accomplishments by riding the furthest distance in 60 minutes at the lee valley velopark. four-time olympic champion bradley wiggins will bid to break cycling 's hour record in june. wiggins finished his team sky career in the paris-roubaix 253.5 km one-day race on sunday. australian rider rohan dennis poses after breaking the world hour record on february 8 in grenchen.
note to all managers : if you 're top striker is misfiring , have a word with tim sherwood. sherwood , albeit for a short period of time , revived emmanuel adebayor 's flagging tottenham career last season ; now he 's replicating the achievement with christian benteke. christian benteke heads aston villa into the lead against tottenham in the 35th minute of the game. benteke celebrates the goal that gave tim sherwood 's team the advantage at the end of the first half. benteke continued his fine form for villa from tuesday , where he scored a hat-trick in the 3-3 draw with qpr.
she had n't spoken for weeks after her health deteriorated rapidly due to terminal brain cancer. they leave for sarasota , south-west florida , today. final holiday : brain cancer sufferer sara martin , from pennsylvania , is being driven to florida today after she uttered the word ` florida ' following weeks of not speaking. above , mrs martin , center , sits in the rented van her family is taking to sarasota , alongside her daughters gretchen , 11 , and carlie , 12 , who are staying at home. family : mrs martin was diagnosed with aggressive , inoperable brain cancer in 2010.
hillary clinton 's astroturf candidacy is in full swing in iowa. her tuesday morning visit to a coffee shop in leclaire , iowa was staged from beginning to end , according to austin bird , one of the men pictured sitting at the table with mrs. clinton. bird told daily mail online that campaign staffer troy price called and asked him and two other young people to meet him tuesday morning at a restaurant in davenport , a nearby city. bird himself is a frequent participant in iowa democratic party events. he interned with president obama 's 2012 presidential re-election campaign , and was tapped to chauffeur vice president joe biden in october 2014 when he visited davenport.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- roseanne barr revealed earlier this week that she is going blind. barr 's doctors have n't provided a timeline , but her symptoms are worsening : `` my vision is closing in now , '' she said. '' related : 9 worst eye care mistakes you 're making. macular degeneration is a breakdown of the part of the retina that allows us to see fine details in the center of vision ; while glaucoma damages the nerve that connects the retina to the brain , and is often caused by fluid build-up and pressure in the eyes. `` it 's somewhat unusual that roseanne bar has both , but not unheard of , '' explains ophthalmologist steven a. shanbom , md , of shanbom eye specialists in berkley , mich..
-lrb- cnn -rrb- five americans who were monitored for three weeks at an omaha , nebraska , hospital after being exposed to ebola in west africa have been released , a nebraska medicine spokesman said in an email wednesday. they were exposed to ebola in sierra leone in march , but none developed the deadly virus. they all had contact with a colleague who was diagnosed with the disease and is being treated at the national institutes of health in bethesda , maryland. as of monday , that health care worker is in fair condition. the centers for disease control and prevention in atlanta has said the last of 17 patients who were being monitored are expected to be released by thursday.
lewis hamilton took a well-earned break from his blistering start to the formula one season , taking his brother nicolas out for a spin out in la.. the two-time formula one world champion took time out from training ahead of the spanish grand prix next week to go cruising with his younger sibling in his stylish shelby cobra. nicolas hamilton takes a selfie with his brother lewis whilst the pair take a ride in the la sunshine. ' nicolas , who raced in the renault clio cup in 2011 and 2012 , will become the first driver with a disability to compete in the british touring championship when he competes in the first of five rounds at croft circuit in june.
children may be drawn to greasy fries and burgers , but fatty foods can reduce the speed at which their brains work , according to a new study. it found that children who ate a diet higher in saturated fats and cholesterol had slower reaction times and a poorer working memory. children who ate the fatty diet performed worse when they were given a task-switching game to complete , the researchers said. a new study has found that children who ate a diet higher in saturated fats and cholesterol had slower reaction times and a poorer working memory. for the study , scientists at the university of illinois recruited 150 children aged between seven and 10 and gave them a game which involved learning a pattern between a set of shapes and colours.
but this crumpet-like rock is in fact one of saturn 's outer moons , measuring 255 by 161 miles -lrb- 410 by 260km -rrb-. named hyperion , the moon 's porous surface can be seen in incredible detail in this image taken by cassini as it performed a flyby of the satellite. the floating bath sponge : this image shows one of saturn 's outer moons , measuring 255 by 161 miles -lrb- 410 by 260km -rrb-. cassini was around 38,500 miles -lrb- 62,000 km -rrb- from hyperion when the image was taken. hyperion is shaped like a potato and is one of the largest bodies in the solar system known to be so irregular.
he smiled , slapped his playing partner rory mcilroy on the back. not yet. in some cases , exactly like tree roots. woods claimed that a bone popped out in his right arm , right there , but he reset it. woods did not find a solitary preferred landing area until the 13th , when he was rewarded with an eagle. tiger woods looks over his second shot on the seventh hole as the augusta crowd look on. woods -lrb- left -rrb- speaks to playing partner rory mcilroy as the pair wait to tee off on the first tee. this was the masters that tiger was advised to miss.
trainer paul webber was on sunday praying the ground at fairyhouse dries out further for cantlow , who will attempt to give ap mccoy a glorious send off in ireland with a second victory in easter monday 's irish grand national. he has vowed to immediately retire if he wins saturday 's crabbie 's grand national at aintree on favourite shutthefrontdoor , the gelding which won last year 's irish national under barry geraghty. ap mccoy will attempt to win the irish grand national on cantlow in his final race meeting in ireland. that cantlow disputes favouritism for monday 's race is largely due to the presence of mccoy on his back.
the pentagon said tuesday it would exhume and try to identify the remains of nearly 400 sailors and marines killed when the uss oklahoma sank in the bombing of pearl harbor. the ship capsized after being hit by nine torpedoes during the december 7 , 1941 surprise attack from japanese forces. altogether , 429 sailors and marines onboard were killed. hundreds were buried as unknowns at cemeteries in hawaii. in 1950 , they were reburied as unknowns at the national memorial cemetery of the pacific - also known as the punchbowl - inside a volcanic crater in honolulu. scroll down for video.
a california woman was arrested after a video was posted on youtube that showed her striking a young , crying child in the face with what appeared to be a ipad-like tablet. yvonne camargo , 39 , of victorville , was arrested on suspicion of willful cruelty to a child on april 3 but it is unknown as to if she was charged. scroll down for video. yvonne camargo of victorville , california , was arrested earlier in april after video surfaced of her appearing to hit a child. the woman can be seen wiping the young boy 's face as he cries.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- it wo n't come as news to anyone in america today that the authority to make an arrest carries with it the potential to escalate to lethal force. but the seemingly innocuous genesis of police authority -lrb- initial stop and question , pulling someone over for a traffic violation -rrb- becomes significant because of the potential result -lrb- deadly force -rrb-. a minor traffic stop can be the springboard to a check for outstanding warrants. and an arrest , we know , can have fatal results. in south carolina earlier this month , walter scott was the subject of a bench warrant for over $ 18,000 in unpaid child support , according to court records.
measuring 30cm high and made entirely from cake , these amazing hand-crafted designs are a luxury alternative to traditional easter eggs. the incredibly detailed works of art were inspired by faberge 's famous jewelled eggs , and painstakingly created by 14 of the uk 's top cake artists. each of the intricate treats is entirely edible and were made using a range of decorating techniques and sugar work. scroll down for video. yellow bee cake company 's amazing violet and gold carousel which features cakes as rides instead of the usual animals. the eggs were created as part of a feature for cake masters magazine - and feature in this month 's edition , with easter just around the corner.
let me say right here that i have lost my cool from time to time , whether it 's been a phone call with a credit card company to complain about late fees or an experience of bad service at a restaurant. '' but it 's not clear that apology will satisfy anyone who watched the video of her exchange with the towing company worker. '' `` her language and disdain brings shame on her , her profession , and her employer. so , britt mchenry , check out these examples of how the rich , famous and powerful handled stressful situations with grace and dignity.
-lrb- billboard -rrb- from channing tatum twerking for jennifer lopez to host amy schumer 's archery fail , there were plenty of highlights and misfires from the 2015 mtv movie awards. 2015 mtv movie awards : see the full winners list. best moments. amy schumer 's opener : from a `` boyhood '' / hpv joke to nearly flashing j.k. simmons to her run-in with a cancer support group , schumer 's opening video segment was as reliably hilarious and inventive as her comedy central show -lrb- which ca n't come back on tv soon enough -rrb-. plus , her monologue killed : `` half of you know who i am , half of you think i 'm meghan trainor.
kieran murray , from brisbane in queensland , recently spent months travelling across the us , and documented his interactions with locals all around the country. from a homeless man who was insistent upon telling his story about britney spears , to a man who insisted murray was saying ` get out of my nightgown ' , the filmmaker captured it all. scroll down for video. aussie filmmaker kieran murray has released the second installment of his hilarious series which asks americans to attempt the australian accent by saying ` g'day mate , how you going ? one man in austin , texas -lrb- far right -rrb- was convinced murray said ` get out -lrb- of -rrb- my nightgown ' this is the latest in a series of videos murray put together one of which is based around the same topic , and another of which asks people to guess what common australian expressions mean.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- a prosecutor has dismissed allegations that argentine president cristina fernandez de kirchner tried to cover up iran 's involvement in a 1994 bombing in buenos aires. the move by prosecutor javier de luca to drop the case could mean a definitive end to the accusations that have roiled the nation , according to argentina 's state-run telam news agency. the case became of high interest globally after the original prosecutor who brought the allegations was found dead in january. alberto nisman was found dead days after making the accusations. nisman alleged that argentina 's government agreed not to go after iranian suspects in the bombing in exchange for a favorable trade deal.
a father has told how he 's embraced 21st century parenting by using a drone to walk his eight-year-old daughter to school. scroll down for video. caught on camera : a father has told how he 's embraced 21st century parenting by using a drone to walk his eight-year-old daughter to school. unbreakable bond : the tech-enthusiast -lrb- left , with his daughter katie , right -rrb- released footage of one of his remote chaperoning sessions , showing how he is now able monitor his child 's whereabouts from the skies. the clip shows early 's daughter , katie , walking down a road near her home , sticking close to the grassy verge in a bid to avoid cars.
shanghai , china -lrb- cnn -rrb- with a well-paid job in finance and his own apartment , li lifei is living the chinese dream. the 26-year old has his eye on a volkswagen tiguan but shanghai , like many large chinese cities , rations license plates as it looks for a solution to its gridlocked roads and polluted skies. to register for a license plate auction , prospective car buyers like li must put down a deposit in exchange for disc containing software they can use to bid online. the auctions take place once a month on a saturday morning. to boost his chances , li upgraded the speed of his internet connection from 10 to 50 mbps but to no avail.
kim kardashian is undoubtedly the queen of self-promotion , posting ` selfie ' snaps to her millions of followers on a daily basis and even releasing a book filled with her self-taken pictures. buzzfeed is convinced that the social media superstar has been using facetune to edit her selfies - a # 2.99 photo editing app designed to help you edit your portrait photographs into ` perfection '. scroll down for video. spot the difference ? bianca london and martha cliff used facetune to edit their selfies. the # 2.99 photo editing app is designed to help you edit your portrait photographs into ` perfection ' - but the results were rather scary ... and obvious.
an artist with a penchant for snapping urban architecture has come up with an innovative new way of making the most of his photography. french photographer and illustrator , thomas lamadieu , takes snaps of the sky in courtyards and built-up areas to create a frame of buildings. the space in between then acts as a canvas for his playful illustrations which he has dubbed ` sky art '. lamadieu , who is also known as roots art , is based in france but travels the world to photograph the space between buildings in various cities. in the past year alone he has visited belgium , germany , canada , the united states and south korea in his quest to find the perfect sky canvases for his illustrations.
cassie was in her car picking up brynn 's son for preschool in tenino , washington , when she accidentally ran over brynn 's younger daughter , 17-month-old rowyn , who was killed. scroll down for video. pulled together by tragedy : brynn johnson -lrb- left -rrb- lost her young daughter rowyn in september last year after cassie miller -lrb- right -rrb- accidentally ran over the little girl with her car. tragic : rowyn was only 17-months-old when she was killed instantly in the driveway of her home in tenino , washington , in september last year , by one of her mother 's friends.
it is not just humans who are concerned about the privacy implications of drones. an arnhem tv station has lost one of its expensive drones after a chimpanzee managed to knock it out of the sky. the craft was supposed to be capturing footage of the royal burgers zoo chimp enclosure for a tv show. look out ! an arnhem tv station has lost one of its expensive drones after a chimpanzee managed to knock it out of the sky. following the attack , the drone crashes to the ground - only for the chimp to pounce on it. ` on the morning of friday , april 10 , 2015 , the chimpanzees of royal burgers ' zoo once again proved how intelligent they are , ' a spokesman for the zoo said.
she 's better known as the eccentric grandmother from hit comedy absolutely fabulous - but 89-year-old june whitfield has donned a habit for her latest role as sister ruth , a nun , in bbc soap eastenders. but june whitfield 's next appearance will see her in a rather different role -- as a nun in eastenders. the 89-year-old is set to make a guest appearance in the bbc soap next week as sister ruth. her character will offer advice to jessie wallace 's character kat moon , who is suicidal after struggling to deal with sexual abuse she suffered as a child.
the semi-final line-up for the champions league has been confirmed and , although there may be no english involvement , four european giants are just three games from being crowned champions of the continent in berlin on june 6. with real madrid and juventus winning on wednesday to join barcelona and bayern munich in the last four , this season 's competition is one of the toughest to call in recent memory. we asked our team of reporters who they think will win this season 's champions league. momentum is key at this point in the season and barcelona are in overdrive.
i see it in the op-ed pages of the newspapers , and on the state ballots in nearly half the country. for the first time a majority , 53 % , favor its legalization , with 77 % supporting it for medical purposes. support for legalization has risen 11 points in the past few years alone. in 1969 , the first time pew asked the question about legalization , only 12 % of the nation was in favor. girl 's seizures spur medical marijuana legislation in georgia. is weed legal in your state ? just two years later , in `` weed 3 , '' we are eyewitnesses to a revolution in full swing.
the mysterious moai statues of easter island have gazed inland for hundreds of years. and now experts believe they have finally discovered how the rapa nui people placed distinctive ` hats ' made of red stone on top of some of the figures ' heads , more than 700 years ago. mystery solved ? experts believe they have finally discovered how the rapa nui people placed distinctive hats made of red stone on top of some of the easter island figures ' heads , more than 700 years ago. despite the size of the statues , sean hixon an undergraduate student in archaeology and geology at the university of oregon , believes the rolling of the bulky stones would have been relatively easy.
poets house is a swish new hotel in ely , a three-minute walk from the cathedral , offering terrific value. there are 21 rooms , all with copper standalone baths placed near luxurious double beds. i keep thinking about phil neville , the former england footballer whose home once appeared in hello ! and which forever more is held as the gold standard for unadulterated bling. state of the art : poets house is as much a sex and the city retreat as a hideaway in genteel ely. valet parking will sort it at no extra charge. black and white : poets house incorporates smart , clean lines , elegant décor and crisp white tablecloths.
a man who was run over by suge knight has refused to testify against the rap mogul , defiantly stating in court that he is ` no snitch '. but he claimed from the witness stand of the los angeles superior court on monday that he does not remember the specifics of the confrontation , in which his companion terry carter , 55 , was killed. ` no snitch ' : cle ` bone ' sloan , 45 , -lrb- left , file photo -rrb- told the court that he ` will not be used to send suge knight -lrb- pictured right last week -rrb- to prison '.
while google and apple are developing self driving vehicles , nasa has revealed its vision - and its a lot more fun. called the modular robotic vehicle , or mrv , it was developed at nasa 's johnson space center to show off the technologies that could let man move across other planets. on earth , however , it also has some neat tricks - from the ability to park sideways to being able to spin on the spot , as well as being driven remotely at up to 70mph. unlike a normal car , the buggy has no mechanical linkages to the propulsion , steering , or brake actuators , the driver of an mrv relies completely on control inputs being converted to electrical signals and then transmitted by wires to the vehicle 's motors.
with just 10 days to go until the general election , ed miliband has already won one political battle -- as the nation 's ` best looking ' political leader. first it was the ` milifandom ' -- with thousands of teenage girls allegedly swooning for the labour leader on twitter. the only way is essex star lydia bright met labour leader ed miliband as part of the ` useyourvoice ' campaign encouraging young people to vote. the reality tv star said mr miliband ` definitely ' topped her list of political leaders in a game of ` snog , marry or avoid ' the reality tv star said mr miliband ` definitely ' topped her list of political leaders in a game of ` snog , marry or avoid '.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- he was impressively polite and bright in the eyes of his boyhood teachers , an encourager of his college friends. he was a docile captured killer in the care of paramedics tending to his gunshot wounds. dzhokhar `` jahar '' tsarnaev 's defense team is seeking to spare him from a death sentence for his part two years ago in the boston marathon bombings and murder of an mit police officer. '' the sentencing phase of the federal case will resume monday. the jury was sent home thursday because a juror was sick. tsarnaev was convicted april 8 on all 30 counts , including 17 that carry a possible death penalty.
shocking : sky turned blood red for nearly an hour in aershan city in inner mongolia. surreal : the city looks like a scene out of a hollywood disaster movie. the scary natural phenomenon happened at 2pm on wednesday in the city in inner mongolia. just 50 minutes later the bright red sky had faded and the sky had returned to normal. but photos of people 's hands covered in the black soot have circulated widely online and many aershan citizens are concerned over the possible health issues. many are linking what happened in aershan to the monster sandstorm attacking beijing on the same day which saw the chinese capital blanketed in red mongolian sand turning day into night.
usain bolt will compete at the iaaf/btc world relays in the bahamas next month , the jamaica athletics administrative association has announced. the six-time olympic gold medallist will compete at the relay championship on may 2 and 3 as part of the jamaican team. usain bolt has confirmed he will be part of jamaica 's team at the world relays in the bahamas. bolt reacts as he wins 4x100m gold at the london olympic games in 2012. jaaa general secretary garth gayle commented , ` we were extremely pleased that usain was available for selection and that the world 's fastest man will be running for jamaica.
it 's official : alcohol makes you more attractive to the opposite sex. scientists at the university of bristol found that having ` one large glass of wine ' increases ` facial flushing ' and ` confidence ' , making the drinker ` more attractive ' to others and more likely to ` get lucky '. researchers quizzed 40 heterosexual male and female students and asked them to rate the attractiveness of three groups of people who were sober , tipsy and drunk. a study of 40 men and women found drinking a glass of wine makes you more attractive to the opposite sex ... ... but too much booze leads to ` excessive and unattractive ' changes in facial expressions , like bridget jones.
condemned bali nine drug smuggler myuran sukumaran has pledged to stare down the indonesian firing squad who will drag him to a jungle clearing and kill him shortly after midnight wednesday. that 's according close supporter and artist ben quilty , who has taken to the airwaves in a desperate final bid to stop sukumaran and fellow australian inmate andrew chan 's execution. ' as a ` realistic ' mr quilty pledged to fight the death penalty ` with everything i have for the rest of my life ' , the australian duo selected the spiritual advisers who will accompany them to their execution.
as the bright , smiling face of morning tv in the noughties fern britton shocked fans when she admitted to struggling with crippling depression. the mother-of-four had her first experience of depression as a child and has suffered attacks throughout her adult life. and in an interview with the telegraph on saturday the 57-year-old revealed how close she came to suicide one day after her divorce from first husband clive jones. scroll down for video. presenter fern britton , who suffers from depression , has revealed how close she came to suicide following her divorce from first husband clive jones. the presenter and author , who has been married to her second husband tv chef phil vickery , 53 , for fifteen years , claims she knew the marriage was never right , but remembers the time after the divorce being particularly bleak.
' it might be legal but it 's still a drug. he was outstanding against liverpool but it was one game -- he has not made it yet. jack grealish -lrb- left -rrb- has become the third top flight starlet caught on camera inhaling nitrous oxide. grealish starred for aston villa in their fa cup semi-final win over liverpool on sunday at wembley. at arsenal , arsene wenger changed the attitude completely. alcohol was described as poison -- it slows down your body when it needs to be perfectly tuned. emre can of liverpool tries to tackle grealish during their fa cup tie with aston villa at wembley .
that 's the advice of carl jenkinson to jack grealish as the young aston villa star weighs up his international future. the west ham defender , on loan from arsenal until the end of the season , knows the predicament that faces the teenager torn between representing the republic of ireland or england. jenkinson has experienced an identical international limbo before. carl jenkinson -lrb- left -rrb- says jack grealish should follow his heart when choosing ireland or england. in 2012 , a year after his big move from charlton to the club he supported as a boy - arsenal - the essex-born full-back chose the three lions despite having played for finland , the nation of his mother , at under 18 and under 21 level.
lesean mccoy 's acrimony with chip kelly continues to rumble on , with the buffalo bills running back taking another swipe at the eagles head coach. mccoy was shipped to the bills in exchange for linebacker kiko alonso and says kelly 's team has a college feel and that he does n't like star talent. i think he likes the fact that it 's `` chip kelly and the eagles '' , ' he told the philadephia enquirer. lesean mccoy warms up as he takes part in a voluntary offseason conditioning session with the bills. mccoy clearly has a chip on his shoulder about the trade , but slated philadelphia 's ` college feel ' ` it was `` desean jackson -- a high-flying , take-off-the-top-of-the-defense receiver ''.
no one in britain lives as much as 70 miles from the sea. our coastline of 10,800 miles is longer than india 's -lrb- unbelievable ? try measuring the ins and outs of scotland 's -rrb-. barkham 's book is written to celebrate 50 years of enterprise neptune , the national trust 's campaign to save our coastal beauties from being spoiled -- by purchasing them. beginning in 1965 , the trust has by now acquired 742 miles of coast. popular television series explore it , gliding over the cliffs by helicopter as if in a dream and coastal paths are never short of walkers.
attorney general eric holder bid farewell to the justice department on friday after six years , outlining what he said were his major accomplishments and telling staffers that they helped produce a ` golden age ' in the department 's history. an emotional holder , who has served as the nation 's top law enforcement official since the start of the obama administration , addressed hundreds of lawyers and staff members one day after his successor , loretta lynch , was confirmed by the senate following a months-long delay. i am going to miss this building. scroll down for videos. attorney general eric holder waved to justice department employees during his farewell gathering in washington on friday , ending six years at the doj.
thierry henry said the stadium of light was the noisiest atmosphere he had ever experienced during sunderland 's derby win over newcastle. a sorrowful silence as thousands streamed for the exits in the wake of crystal palace 's fourth goal inside 14 second-half minutes. sunderland strikers steven fletcher and jermain defoe ca n't hide their disappointment following defeat. a shameful silence as sunderland 's players afterwards absorbed the shock of another embarrassing home collapse. when asked how concerned he was that the side he has inherited are in danger of the drop , he grimaced for fully 10 seconds before returning : ` worried ? yes , very worried.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- bobbi kristina brown , the daughter of bobby brown and whitney houston , has `` global and irreversible brain damage , '' according to her grandmother. though the 22-year-old is no longer in a medically induced coma , she remains unresponsive , cissy houston said in a statement monday after visiting her granddaughter. '' houston 's statement matched that from a source with knowledge of brown 's condition , who told cnn on monday that she remained in the same neurological state she has been in for nearly three months. she does not respond to visitors or familiar voices , and her eyes do not follow a person around the room , the source told cnn.
` insta-fame ' is the latest criterion for models wanting to book jobs , according to leading australian modelling agencies. thanks to the proliferation of social media , in order for modelling agencies to keep up with client demand , ` influencer ' and ` blogger ' divisions are now being added to their traditional model portfolio. general manager of vivien 's models catherine mcgill told daily mail australia that they launched an ` influencers ' section two months ago because of the growing need to accommodate client demand for social media numbers. scroll down for video. influencer : gigi hadid is one of many in-demand models whose social media following is as much a draw card as her good looks for clients booking her on jobs.
graeme mcdowell insisted he would never consider not playing the masters despite another frustrating experience at augusta national. mcdowell carded a final round of 73 on sunday to finish six over par and is now a combined 24 over for his eight appearances in the year 's first major championship. graeme mcdowell tees off on the third hole during the third round at augusta on saturday. ` it is a celebration of golf on my favourite golf course in the world. mcdowell carded a final round of 73 on sunday to finish six over par for the tournament. ` you have to be a ` front-edge ' putter like bubba -lrb- watson -rrb- , i 've never seen anyone roll in putts from six feet slower than bubba.
a police crime commissioner is facing investigation after awarding more than half a million pounds of taxpayers ' money to the charity she runs alongside the force 's chief. vera baird donated # 500,000 to victims first northumbria , a charity which supports crime victims in her area and of which she is a director. sitting alongside her on the organisation 's top table is sue sim , northumbria 's chief constable , records revealed. the pair now face a ministry of justice probe as critics accuse them of concocting ' a soap opera ' within the force. sitting alongside ms baird on victims first northumbria 's top table is chief constable sue sim.
the navy says a second seal has died following a training accident in a swimming pool at a base in virginia. the 34-year-old marihugh and 32-year-old special warfare operator 1st class seth cody lewis of queens , new york , were found unresponsive on friday at the bottom of the combat swimming training facility at joint expeditionary base little creek-fort story. lloyd says both sailors were members of naval special warfare group 2. ` training accident ' : special warfare operator 1st class brett allen marihugh -lrb- left -rrb- of livonia , michigan , died sunday after he and 32-year-old special warfare operator 1st class seth cody lewis were found unresponsive at the bottom of a swimming pool from what officials called a ` training accident ' while an investigation of the incident is continuing , navy spokesman lieutenant david lloyd told reuters friday , ` they were working out in the pool ... they were swimming.
a 12-year-old sports fan from texas - who 's become a star in his own right for his national anthem-singing skills - was surprised by one of his idols on tuesday night. nicholas connors gave a rousing performance ahead of the houston rockets and dallas mavericks nba playoffs game - with one of his favorite nfl players watching from the sidelines , houston texans defensive lineman j.j. watt. when nicholas finished , the 26-year-old player ran across the court to congratulate him. so far , the clip of the singer 's emotional encounter has scored more than one million hits. nicholas has made quite a name for himself in houston , where he regularly performs at sports games.
more than 70 years ago these five men each played their own vital role in the normandy campaign that began with the d-day landings. until now their exploits have escaped the attention of historians , but yesterday these veterans of world war two stood proudly side by side after being awarded france 's highest decoration , the legion d'honneur. courageous veterans are given france 's highest honour for their vital role on d-day in a ceremony at yorkshire air museum , left to right : gordon collinson , eric gerald briscoe , thomas william wright , eric gill , james denwood and catherine rush who was accepting the honour on behalf of her late husband bernard rush.
mauricio pochettino insists aston villa manager tim sherwood will be shown respect on his return to white hart lane - 11 months after he was shown the door by tottenham chairman daniel levy. ' i expect a very good reception for him , ' said pochettino , whose spurs side entertain villa on saturday afternoon in the barclays premier league. ` he is a manager that worked here and spent a lot of time here as a player and a manager. tottenham hotspur manager mauricio pochettino gestures to his players at burnley last weekend. aston villa manager tim sherwood -lrb- centre -rrb- takes a training session at bodymoor heath on thursday.
doctors are still trying to find out what the future holds for 17-year-old natasha willard after she was diagnosed with inflammation of the brain when she fell ill while studying for her a-levels in cwmbran in wales. miss willard 's family are unsure how the teenager became ill so suddenly , just four days after she returned her feeling unwell. natasha willard was studying for her a levels at college when she appeared to get the flu just before christmas and her condition has worsened , leaving her unable to move her limbs and barely able to speak. her stepmother kirsty willard said : ` the doctors are baffled , they do not know what happened.
officials at an elementary school in maine have come under fire for teaching students about transgender issues without first seeking the approval of parents. some parents are unhappy with the school after they say their children came home with questions about gender and wondering if they too might be trans. i am jazz is a book about a child ` with a boy 's body and a girl 's brain ' who eventually finds a doctor that tells the family the boy is a transgender. one unnamed mom was so angry she contacted conservative pundit sean hannity after she felt that the school ignored her initial complaint.
gary neville tore into manchester city following their defeat against crystal palace by insisting the champions have a ` mentality problem ' which prevents them from winning back-to-back titles. the former manchester united and england defender saw city lose 2-1 to leave them in fourth - nine points short of chelsea at the top of the barclays premier league. manchester city captain vincent kompany leaves the field after their 2-1 defeat by crystal palace on monday. manuel pellegirni is under pressure as city fell nine points behind chelsea in the premier league table. how the top of the premier league table looks.
this eighteen-month-old boy pulled a rice-cooker brimming with boiling water down on his head , burning deep scars into his face and leaving him almost blind. as a crack team of surgeons from the australian charity , interplast , worked last march to save the sight of little baby seng , from vientiane , laos , inspirational burns survivor turia pitt watched on. turia was deeply moved by the plight of the baby with big , brown eyes. foreign doctors would n't have been able to save her from the flames that nearly killed her by lashing 64 per cent of her body with burns in 2011.
leo bernal , 8 , is lucky to be alive after an intruder shot him in the head as he lay in bed at his home in culver city , california , over the weekend. on friday , five days after the shooting , the 8-year-old was released from the hospital with nearly two dozen medical staples holding his scalp together. scroll down for video. miracle boy : leo bernal , 8 , was released from the hospital friday , five days after he was shot in the head by an armed home intruder in california. scarred : doctors had to open the child 's skull to extract the bullet , leaving him with a partially shaved scalp and 23 staples.
jessica silva has spoken about why she had to kill her abusive husband and revealed she hopes his family can one day forgive her for what she did. he also admitted that despite all the revelations about his son 's abusive ways , mr polkinghorne could still not understand why his son was dead. scroll down for video. jessica silva reveals on 60 minutes that ` my head is just full , i ca n't live with it , i need forgiveness ' jessica silva tells 60 minutes that if she had n't stabbed polkinghorne ' i would have been dead ' on sunday night , jessica silva speaks publicly for the first time about the day , mother 's day 2012 , when she stabbed and killed her partner , the father of her young son.
the 25-year-old boytoy is the lover , of a dominican woman in her late 30s , who invites him round for romps around her entire apartment in brooklyn. the apartment block was named in a league table of complaints made to new york authorities about loud sex. most complained : the building maintenance worker -lrb- left -rrb- and his girlfriend -lrb- right -rrb- , who is now four months pregnant , were complained about six times for excessive noise at the bay ridge block , official records show. say it loud : this is the apartment block with six calls made to 311 - new york city 's non-emergency number - because of complaints of loud sex.
break-ups can be hard enough to deal with but two women were left with permanent reminders of their failed relationships thanks to having their ex-partners ' names tattooed on their bodies. jessica hardy , 23 , from hereford , was so desperate to remove her former flame 's name from her forearm when she met her new man , ryan , she tried to burn it off with acid. scroll down for video. jessica hardy was so desperate to remove her former flame 's name from her forearm she used acid. the mother-of-one said she could n't afford laser removal surgery to have the tattoo removed so when she heard about acid peels for the skin , she thought she had an ideal solution.
ed and justine miliband first met at a dinner party , hosted by the woman he was ` secretly ' dating. the hostess : stephanie flanders , the glamorous then economics editor of bbc2 's newsnight. the guests : young barristers and would-be politicians. central to the party that night back in march 2004 was flanders ' boyfriend , labour rising star ed miliband. at the time , he was chief economics adviser to the chancellor , gordon brown. miliband had been back in britain for two months after a brief spell as a lecturer at harvard university in the u.s. ever the policy nerd , the son of a marxist professor waxed lyrical about economic theory.
scientists have revealed a sophisticated new dating. early human forerunner unearthed in the 1990s in south africa ,. is roughly 3.7 million years old. the study found little foot , a member of the species. australopithecus prometheus , lived at roughly the same time as. fossil , known as lucy , comes from ethiopia. scroll down for video. the researchers analyzed 11 rock samples from around the nearly complete little foot fossil skeleton from thesterkfontein caves to gauge its age. the researchers analyzed 11 rock samples from around the nearly complete little foot fossil skeleton from the sterkfontein caves to gauge its age.
but the diamond ring appears to have lost its sparkle according to experts who claim that women are abandoning the traditional jewel in favour of more exotic gems. the huge increase in demand for coloured stones , such as sapphires and rubies , has seen their prices soar. scroll down for video. kate middleton proudly wore a ceylon sapphire once owned by princess diana as her engagement ring. and experts say the trend might prove that diamonds are not forever after all , as the value of the jewels has been vastly overtaken by more fashionable stones. demand has seen the value of some coloured stones increase by more than 2,000 per cent over the last ten years , with leading auctioneers now branding them a better investment than diamonds.
an australian man died suddenly on wednesday after suffering a suspected heart attack while holidaying in bali. the 50-year-old collapsed just after ordering breakfast at the rooftop restaurant on the fourth floor of the 101 legian hotel in the tourist town of kuta where he was staying. he was unable to be revived , but a doctor at the scene said that it was likely he died of a heart attack. the 50-year-old man collapsed and died at his hotel in the tourist town of kuta in bali. an autopsy has still to be carried out to find the exact cause of death , although external examinations suggest that he suffered a heart attack.
but one is hrh prince george of cambridge , third in line to the throne and born into a life of palaces and privilege -- while the other is plain old tommy cox from colchester , essex. two-year-old tommy 's mother -- whose name , as it happens , is kate -- and father paul , 41 , are regularly stopped by people who want to have their photograph taken with the prince 's lookalike. scroll down for video. spot the difference : essex boy tommy cox -lrb- left -rrb- and prince george of cambridge -lrb- right -rrb- look very similar.
when russian president vladimir putin appeared on tv today to insist none of the country 's troops are positioned in the ukraine , he looked decidedly fresh-faced for a man accused of war-mongering. the wrinkles on the 62-year-old 's forehead , clearly visibly in previous pictures , have disappeared , while his skin look smooth , taut , tanned and younger than ever. vladimir putin appeared on russian tv today like you have never seen him before - leading to questions that he has had cosmetic surgery to get rid of the bags under his eyes , wrinkles and make his face more chiseled.
as gwyneth paltrow files for divorce from chris martin , the couple whose split made them ` closer than they ever have been ' are still confounding their critics by playing nicely. scroll down for video. tracey cox says that gwyneth and chris ' amicable split is refreshing and something we can learn from. gwyneth and chris are sharing equal custody of their two children and always maintained their first and foremost priority is to make apple and moses happy. no matter how acrimonious the split or how little you now have in common , if you have children together you will always have one shared goal : to bring your children up to be happy , functional adults.
johannesburg -lrb- cnn -rrb- he checked the series of stills on his camera. it was then that photographer james oatway realized the entire attack had taken less than two minutes. it was the morning after a night of unrest in johannesburg 's alexandra township that saw foreign-owned shops looted and destroyed. mozambican emmanuel sithole was walking down a street when four south africans surrounded him. the attackers bludgeoned him with a wrench , stabbed him with knives , all in broad daylight. '' oatway says he tried to get as close as possible , conscious that the attackers were aware of his presence.
poppy smart complained to police after accusing builders of sexual harassment for wolf-whistling. she compared the wolf-whistling to racial discrimination and said it made her walk to work in worcester city centre an ` awful experience '. i 'm quite a nervous person and this has made my anxiety worse. a spokesman said : ` after consultation with the woman who reported the behaviour it was decided that the employers would deal with those said to be responsible. ' although wolf-whistling is not a specific offence , workmen who repeatedly make obscene comments to passers-by could be convicted of a breach of the peace.
the married at first sight star who once considered leaving her groom at the altar because she was unimpressed with his looks has revealed that she is finally ready to physically consummate their marriage , as her feelings for her new husband continue to grow. all three couples began their real journey towards domestic bliss on last night 's episode of the fyi reality show , as the newlyweds searched for new homes to call their own , but , surprisingly , it was jaclyn methuen and ryan ranellone who were brought closer together by process. scroll down for video. next step : the newlyweds later headed to their bedroom leaving viewers to wonder whether they finally ` consummated their marriage ' and while viewers have to wait until next week 's episode to see if the newlyweds did indeed take their relationship to the next level , jaclyn hinted that physical intimacy is definitely going to develop - and soon.
at the grand old age of 75 , jack nicklaus is still capable of hitting aces. the golden bear added another magic moment to his storied career at augusta national in the par-3 contest. stepping up to the tee on the 130-yard fourth , the greatest golfer of all time saw his shot sail beyond the flag before spinning back into the hole. nicklaus holds up his ball to an adoring crowd as gary player -lrb- left -rrb- and ben crenshaw salute the great. crenshaw and nicklaus fist pump following his ace on the 130-yard hole at augusta national. nicklaus was playing alongside gary player and ben crenshaw as the first roar of masters week filled the skies in a sunswept georgia.
if virgil van dijk is absent from the shortlists for this season 's player of the year awards , celtic will surely fire off a stiff missive seeking clarification on the reasons. the prospect of a treble evaporated last sunday , an afternoon ronny deila now describes as the worst of his career. eight points clear of aberdeen with five games left to play , however , his outlook is suddenly brighter. celtic 's jason denayer -lrb- left -rrb- challenges greg stewart -lrb- right -rrb- during the scottish premiership match. dundee 's paul mcginn -lrb- left -rrb- and celtic 's james forrest -lrb- right -rrb- battle for the ball at den 's park on wednesday.
at least one is dead after a powerful storm capsized several sailboats participating in a regatta , and crews searched late on saturday for at least four people missing in the waters , the coast guard said. the storm rolled through the area about 4 p.m. and a man was plucked from the waters by the coast guard around 9 p.m. , petty officer carlos vega said. ` we knew we were totally lost at sea , ' said regatta participant rhonda morgan gilreath , right , shown with her boyfriend randy rutledge of rome georgia on saturday. dauphin island regatta sailors gather near their docked sailboats on saturday , april 25 , 2015 , in dauphin island , alabama where coast guard officials said they responded to a report of multiple capsized vessels.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- south america 's atacama desert , one of the driest places on earth , resembles some of the faraway planets monitored by giant telescopes there. the lack of humidity provides optimal conditions to watch the sky and study the origins of the universe. '' there , in that clear , inhospitably arid environment , figueroa turned his camera lens toward another discussion on cosmology , one rooted in the ancient folklore of the andean people. social media. bears and devils pose in the desert in striking contrast. these photos highlight the uniqueness of andean culture , which draws influences from europe , the inca and more recently , chinese traditions.
veteran bbc commentator peter alliss has said that the corporation should have tried harder to win the rights to the open championship and that attempts to give women equal rights in golf have 'cause d mayhem '. recent legislation has given women more rights in golf clubs , while st andrews and royal st george 's have both voted to admit female members for the first time. ` i 'm told the ladies golf union has lost 150,000 members since equality for women came in. hundreds of women have left golf clubs because they 've gone from paying half fare to full fare.
and now a new poll on modern families reveals this is a reality for almost a quarter of britons -- who said their pet dog was more important to them than their in-laws. of the 2,071 people surveyed , 22 per cent cited their pets as a close family member , above in-laws -lrb- 21 per cent -rrb- but below grandparents at 26 per cent. scroll down for video. a new poll on modern families reveals almost a quarter of brits prefer their pets to their in-laws. more than one in 10 british families now live in ` blended ' families as more people with children divorce , remarry other parents and their households merge.
apple ceo tim cook described the company 's eagerly anticipated watch as ` the most personal device we 've ever created '. a sapphire glass screen used in the device has remained scratch-free after being subjected to being rubbed with sandpaper , keyed and even hit with a hammer. scroll down for video. a sapphire glass screen used in the device has remained unscratched after being subjected to being rubbed against a stone wall -lrb- pictured -rrb- and with sandpaper , keyed and even hit with a hammer. the test was carried out by cardiff-based iphone repairs specialist iphonefixed.co.uk , which used a sapphire screen from a 38mm apple watch for its experiment.
by the time she turned five , amber rachdi , now 24 , from troutdale in oregon , weighed 11st - the same as the average adult woman. but after doctors warned that she would be dead by the age of 30 , the 24-year-old plucked up the courage to make a change and has since lost 20st in a year. scroll down for video. obese : at her heaviest , amber tipped the scales at an unhealthy 46st -lrb- 657lbs -rrb-. i do n't like being this size. ' despite her hefty frame , ms rachdi says she has always eaten healthily - and puts the excess pounds to eating more healthy food than she should.
graeme dott fears exhaustion will kill off his hopes of winning snooker 's betfred world championship. the 37-year-old , a qualifier this year , survived a series of twitches close to the winning line before clinching a 10-8 first-round victory over ricky walden at the crucible in sheffield on sunday. he bungled a yellow but was reprieved when walden blazed the green off the table. the previous format meant a player of his standing had just one to negotiate. graeme dott celebrates after booking his place in the second round of the world championships. the 37-year-old survived a series of twitches close to the winning line before clinching a 10-8 first-round win.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- the next time you fly to see grandma in florida , look down. on approach into miami or orlando , it just looks like squishy wasteland full of things that want to hurt you : snakes and scorpions , rats and roaches , gators and mosquitoes. -lrb- a researcher once caught 365,000 bloodthirsty bugs in a single trap in a single night. a watershed built for 2 million people now supports nearly 8 million , and another 50 million tourists each year. this is a problem , not just for the gators and snakes. it is a problem for the eagles , panthers , snails , dolphins , hawks , manatees , flamingos , vase sponges , black bears and ghost orchids that make up the most unique , diverse wetlands in the world.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- the bizarre circumstances surrounding freddie gray 's death have inflamed tensions across the country. how could a man suffer a severe spinal cord injury after getting arrested ? and what happened in the 30 minutes before he was taken to a hospital ? gray wavered in and out of a coma and died sunday , one week after his arrest. but gray is far from the only suspect who died under questionable circumstances after he was already in custody. police in vineland , new jersey , responded to a call of a disorderly person , and white was arrested and handcuffed.
a high school teenager 's romantic prom proposal ended in disaster when his date burst into tears. a teen 's attempt to ask his girlfriend to the prom ended in tears when she misunderstood the proposal. together they read : ` alex. will. you. ' the final question mark was hidden in the car ready for the teen to pull out at the end to ask his girlfriend in person. girlfriend alex missed the crucial first sign with her name on but caught the second two which read : will ... you ... marry. she caught the next which read : will ... you ... marry and gasped as she saw the next , lol jk , which revealed the marriage proposal as a joke.
the rv flip does not have its own engine and has to be towed to the location of scientific study , where it turns 90 degrees , leaving just 50 feet above the surface. instead of bobbing up and down on the waves like a traditional boat , it keeps its position. scroll down for video. while floating on the surface the rv flip looks as if the back of the vessel has suffered a catastrophic accident leaving only a spine. the vessel uses a system of ballast tanks which fill with water to shift the centre of gravity in the vessel moving it to 90 degrees.
an arrest warrant has been issued for disgraced afl premiership player ben cousins after he failed to appear in a perth court on traffic offences. cousins , 36 , has been on bail and was due to face fremantle magistrates court on wednesday morning but he did not appear. his lawyer claimed the former west coast eagles captain had conflicting medical appointments , and said he had a photograph of the document , but the court requires a hard copy. scroll down for video. ben cousins , 36 , who has a history of substance abuse , has made headlines several times in the past fortnight after a string of alleged incidents.
a former u.s. marine who lost his right leg and several fingers in an explosion in afghanistan is making a second attempt to scale mount everest to inspire others like him , a year after an avalanche that killed 16 sherpa guides stopped him at the base camp. former staff sgt. charlie linville , 29 , from boise , idaho , is using a specially designed metal foot outfitted with a climbing boot and another one with crampons in his quest to conquer the 8,850-meter -lrb- 29,035-foot -rrb- summit next month. scroll down for video. ready to go : in this april 16 photo former u.s. marine charlie linville , left , and his climbing partner tim medvetz sit for an interview in kathmandu , nepal.
alaa abdullah esayed admitted encouraging terrorism by posting 45,000 tweets supporting isis. a woman posted tens of thousands of tweets supporting isis which included pictures of dead bodies and encouraging children to arm themselves with weapons. some of the messages she posted between june 1 2013 and may 14 2014 , included pictures of the corpses of fighters killed in syria which she uploaded to her instagram account. esayed pleaded guilty at the old bailey to encouraging terrorism under the terrorism act 2006 and disseminating terrorist publications. she could face up to 14 years in prison for the offences. the 22-year-old posted around 127 messages a day to her 8,534 followers.
jose mourinho relishes the pre-match press conference. for the chelsea manager , it 's where the game begins , especially ahead of a match like sunday 's at arsenal , where his side could move three points away from securing the premier league with a victory. rarely , if ever , does the portuguese coach not know what to say. but after going to great lengths to insist there are ` no problems ' with arsene wenger after the pair clashed on the sidelines at stamford bridge last season , mourinho was stumped by the question that followed. jose mourinho was visibly surprised by a question he was asked at his chelsea press conference.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- president abraham lincoln never lost his ardor for the united states to remain united during the civil war. '' the spirit of lincoln 's second inaugural was self-evident on april 9 , 1865 -- 150 years ago -- when confederate gen. robert e. lee dramatically surrendered his approximately 28,000 troops to union general ulysses s. grant at appomattox courthouse -lrb- mclean house -rrb- in virginia. over 600,000 americans -- northerners and southerners alike -- had perished in the bloody civil war. grant purposely ended up being generous to confederate soldiers. they would be paroled , not condemned to prison camps.
melbourne , australia -lrb- cnn -rrb- a man stands on a beach in a distant land. a photograph of this man , beamed around the world , becomes a universal symbol of the struggle against tyranny and the sweet triumph of liberty. to widen the scope of historical tribute , and also recall the words and deeds of the australian men and women who fought against the prescribed route of militaristic sentiment , is to risk being branded disrespectful and divisive. even at the time , the great war itself was divisive , a historical reality belied by today 's bland , blanket coverage of `` the anzac spirit ''.
the church of scientology is one on a long list of organisations that have been barred from using the anzac brand by the department of veteran affairs ahead of april 25. out of 384 applications that have inundated the department over the past 12 months about 80 per cent have been approved to use the word anzac , which stands for the australian and new zealand army corp.. scroll down for video. the church of scientology is one on a long list of organisations who have been reprimanded for using the word anzac. an anzac-branded port , an educational app for iphones called anzapp and medallions with the word anzac on them were among the list of denied products.
all those feelings and more permeated cities , villages and camps around nepal on saturday , after a massive 7.8 magnitude earthquake struck around midday. hours later , after a wave of relentless aftershocks , many people still were too scared to go back inside any buildings. and then there are the hundreds already confirmed dead , not to mention the hundreds more who suffered injuries. below are some accounts from witnesses in the mountainous asian nation , in their own words. anderson , an american who was in nepal for trekking and meditation , was in his hotel room when the quake struck.
surkhet , nepal -lrb- cnn -rrb- ten years ago , with her high school diploma and a backpack , maggie doyne left her new jersey hometown to travel the world before college. she lived in a buddhist monastery , helped rebuild a sea wall in fiji , then went to india and worked with nepalese refugees. there , she met a young girl who wanted to find her family in nepal. '' doyne called her parents and asked them to wire her the $ 5,000 she had earned babysitting. today , kopila -- which means `` flower bud '' in nepali -- is home to about 50 children , from infants to teenagers.
this is the university equality officer at the centre of a sexism and racism row pictured in front of a ` no white men ' sign showing their tears dripping into a cup. a picture of bahar mustafa , 27 , student union welfare and diversity officer at goldsmiths university in london , pretending to cry was posted online as she was being accused of discrimination. message : this picture of bahar mustafa , the student union welfare and diversity officer at goldsmiths university , shows her posing in front if a ` no white men ' sign while pretending to cry.
gary ballance hit a chanceless hundred for england on thursday - his fourth century in nine tests - that further closes the door on the banished kevin pietersen returning to the side whatever the ballyhoo. ballance 's 122 was the mainstay of england 's 333 for seven declared leaving west indies needing an unlikely 438 to win the first test. gary ballance scored 122 as england took firm control of the first test against the west indies in antigua. ballance plays a sweep shot during his impressive innings at the sir vivian richards stadium. ballance celebrates bringing up his century following his superb batting display in antigua.
western australia -lrb- cnn -rrb- many australians are understandably appalled by the brutal and pointless executions of andrew chan and myuran sukumaran. state officials can order people to be killed because -- especially in democracies -- we authorize them to do so. however disappointed we may be in the actions of indonesian president joko widodo -- in whom so many inside and outside indonesia have invested such hopes as a progressive force -- he can make a couple of claims in his defense. first , widodo -- popularly known as jokowi -- is indonesia 's elected leader and is fulfilling his promise to crack down on what he and many other indonesians see as a problem.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- jon reiter is no stranger to mount everest -- its world-record height , its prestige , its challenges. he learned that again shortly before noon saturday , after a monster magnitude 7.8 earthquake struck nepal. it not only rattled cities like kathmandu and pokhara , but caused avalanches at everest and nearby peaks. `` it 's been a really rough day , '' susan reiter told cnn. '' jon reiter told cnn on sunday morning that 17 people had been killed on the mountain. the indian army 's everest expedition evacuated the bodies of 13 mountaineers from a base camp who had been preparing to scale the mountain , spokesman col. rohan anand said saturday.
a rare black flamingo amazed bird watchers when it was spotted feeding among a group of the traditionally pink birds in cyprus. the migratory bird was spotted at a salt lake near the british raf base at akrotiri on the island 's south coast close to the resort city of limassol. normally , the graceful birds have a pink hue caused by the levels of beto-carotene in their diet. scroll down for video. ruffling feathers : the unusual black flamingo was spotted near the coastal city of limassol on cyprus by birdwatchers. ' a black flamingo was reportedly last spotted in israel in 2014 and aside from its colour , it is no different to the hundreds of pink flamingos which flock to the salt lakes of cyprus every spring.
so while there were some loud , dirty guitars at the 2015 rock and roll hall of fame induction ceremony in cleveland on saturday night , there was as much recognition for rock 's antecedents in soul and blues , speaking less to a particular taxonomy than a spirit that 's beyond words. speaking briefly backstage , ono expressed feeling that it was wonderful for starr to be honored , `` just sad john and george are n't here , '' referring to her late husband john lennon and beatles guitarist and fellow songwriter george harrison. starr was certainly happy to be there -- after a long wait , he 's the final beatle to be inducted as a solo act.
as every celebrity and fashionista knows , no look is complete without a statement bag. femail takes a look at the worst offenders in the luggage department. madonna 's new handbag has caused a stir for its seemingly drug related slogan , after the pop legend shared a picture of her new luggage with her fans on instagram on sunday. madonna 's new black crocodile handbag has caused a stir for its seemingly drug-related slogan , the word ` dealer ' spelled out in bling diamond lettering. known for pushing the boundaries , madonna 's latest luggage comes from east london designer mawi keivom , who specialises in bejeweled luxury accessories.
every year , millions of us pass through on the way to the beaches of the costa del sol or palaces of granada. thanks to a multi-million pound regeneration project , and several new galleries and museums , this once down-at-heel city has become one of europe 's hippest destinations. incoming : the centre pompidou malaga , a pop-up version of the parisian institution , has opened to visitors. along with a thriving cultural scene , there are good restaurants , great shopping and exciting nightlife. this week saw the opening of centre pompidou malaga , the first of several popup versions of the famous parisian gallery planned outside france.
a panda in china has been nicknamed ` the enduring brother ' -- for his record-breaking love-making. lu lu and partner zhen zhen mated for an impressive seven minutes and 45 seconds , setting a new record for the year at the sichuan giant panda research centre. scroll down for video. panda lu lu -lrb- right -rrb- mated with female partner zhen zhen for nearly eight minutes , setting a new centre record. lu lu has been bestowed the name ` the enduring brother ' after his sexual prowess hit the headlines. it also means the chinese panda lasts longer than the average american man in bed , with your typical new mexico man making love for just over seven minutes , according to research printed by the daily dot.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- when photographer johan bavman became a father for the first time , he took more than a passing wonder about how his native sweden is said to be the most generous nation on earth for parental leave. he used his photography to document the real-life experience of other fathers taking full advantage of sweden 's extraordinary program , which allows mothers and fathers to take long , long leaves from their careers so they can care for their newborns. get this : sweden grants a total of 480 calendar days of parental leave , with 390 of them paid at 80 % of income , with a maximum of 3,160 euros a month or $ 3,474.
finn was overlooked for the west indies tour , but has spent time since the world cup working on his run-up -- and watching videos of his best spells as a reminder of why he became the youngest english bowler to take 50 test wickets. steven finn believes he 's regained his previous best form and is ready to push for an england place. finn admits he 's ` had my trials and tribulations over the last 12 months ' but he 's got his ` head straight ' finn smiles as he helps launch ecb 's club open days on tuesday at brondesbury cricket club.
when george clooney tied the knot with british lawyer amal alamuddin in 2014 , they chose venice as the place to get married. and no wonder , this stunning city of marble palaces , ancient churches , canals and waterways is a magnet for those in love. come may , lovers of art will be flocking to the city too as it plays host to its biennale art festival , an exhibition when over 88 nations showcase their country 's best works of art in national pavilions dotted throughout the city. scroll down for video. the belmond hotel cipriani is on the island of giudecca , just a few minutes by water taxi from saint mark 's square.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- andrew getty , the 47-year-old grandson of j. paul getty , died tuesday afternoon in his home in los angeles , according to a statement from his mother and father. getty 's death `` appears to be natural -lrb- causes -rrb- or an accident , '' ed winter , assistant chief in the los angeles county coroner 's office , told cnn affiliate ktla tuesday night. some medication had also been recovered from getty 's home , though investigators do n't know if getty was currently taking it or what his medical history was , winter said. a female friend was at the home where getty died and is cooperating with investigators , los angeles police department capt. william hayes said.
with pearl lowe and gavin rossdale for parents , there 's no denying that daisy lowe is rock and roll royalty. daisy lowe , 26 , is the ultimate rock chick as she rocks leather and heavy eye make-up in her new beauty shoot for rodial. ` you just have to learn where to place the contouring. my top tip is : suck in your cheeks and make a fish face , which casts a natural shadow on your face. ` then apply the bronzer over that shadow and then pop the highlighter above that. ' daisy , who has been working as a model for years , shows off her flawless skin and razor-sharp cheekbones in the new shoot to promote the brand 's contouring range.
the petite thai woman sitting by sir john madejski presents herself initially as a typical grandmother. lady sasima srivikorn is in her 70s with an endearing laugh and a royal blue scarf she has knitted especially for saturday 's fa cup semi-final against arsenal at wembley. educated at london 's guildhall school of music and drama in the 1950s , she has been a singer and composer who wrote the theme song for the asian games. the championship club will swap the madejski stadium for wembley on saturday in the fa cup semi-final. but then she offers a chilling insight into what it is to be one of thailand 's most powerful women , a super-rich harvard business school graduate who became the first female on the thai airways board.
ellie , 10 , and taylor , five , lost their eight-year-old brother harvey last year to a mystery illness , and when easter approached they decided to donate all their eggs to the patients at sheffield children 's hospital where he was cared for. instead the eggs will be donated to sheffield children 's hospital. once the family , from furness vale , derbyshire , posted on facebook , kind strangers began to send eggs - and now there are more than 1,000. some donations have come from as far afield as the us , with many from ireland and scotland and the length and breadth of england.
this is the shocking moment a pit crew member was hit by a car on sunday during the inaugural indycar grand prix of louisiana. todd phillips , a front-outside tire changer for dayle coyne racing , was injured when he was struck by the car of francesco dracone , who had come in on lap 25 for tyres and fuel. todd phillips waits in the pit lane as the car makes a stop during the race in louisiana. the car of francesco dracone spun out of control in the wet conditions as phillips tried to get out the way. the rear end of the car made contact with the pit crew worker sweeping his legs from underneath him.
blended into the background , these models are difficult to tell apart from their surroundings. a series of pictures by german artist jörg düsterwald show body-painted models camouflaged in woodland. the jaw-dropping artwork is the brainchild of jörg düsterwald , a 49-year-old artist and bodypainter from hameln , germany. jörg has been actively producing body art projects for the last 20 years and uses his body-painting skills in a range of creative projects including advertising , corporate events , and tv marketing campaigns. his work has featured in several art magazines and in 2008 he was awarded the german brush-painting champion at a national competition.
gupta helped doctors at bir hospital in kathmandu perform a craniotomy in a makeshift operating room on a young patient as described in this story ; it is the identity of the patient that is in question. original story -lrb- published april 27 , 2015 -rrb- :. kathmandu , nepal -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- an ambulance arrives , and a young girl with a bandaged head and badly blackened eye is rushed into kathmandu 's bir hopital on a wheelchair amid much commotion. she is selena dohal , 8 , and her skull was fractured when a massive earthquake shook her neighborhood , two and a half hours from the nepalese capital , to the ground on saturday.
a new reddit thread is offering some fascinating insights into the strange lives of men who have purchased mail-order brides. the discussion , which focuses on brides from russia and the philippines and has so far garnered more than 10,000 comments , asked users to spill the beans on what ` surprised ' them the most when they started living with their spouses. ' ruse awakening : the reddit thread asked users to spill the beans on what ` surprised ' them the most when they started living with their spouses. one user described the process of ` ordering ' a bride from russia or the philippines , where thousands of women are desperate to start a new life for themselves in europe and the us.
hodor hodor hodor. hodor hodor ? hodor. hodor-hodor. hodor ! while this sentence might puzzle many , fans of the hit hbo show game of thrones , the fifth season of which had its us premiere last night , will understand the reference. hodor is the brawny , simple-minded stableboy of the stark family in winterfell. ' hodor , a character in game of thrones , earned his name because he says only the word ` hodor ' over and over again. he may have expressive aphasia , according to jordan lewis , of penn state medical school. but those who read the a song of ice and fire book series by george r r martin may know something that the tv fans do n't : his name is n't actually hodor.
crusaders in chains. his best stories are from his days as editor of the william hickey gossip column in the daily express. fearing a hoax , esser rang blenheim palace , home to the duke of marlborough , where the butler said , haughtily , that the duke never spoke to the press and was in his bath , so could n't be disturbed. esser rang woburn , where the duke of bedford confirmed the story. at that time , the daily express was owned by lord beaverbrook. esser describes a lunch with an express editor , during which they drank champagne , a goblet of dry sherry , a bottle of chablis , two bottles of claret , a couple of cognacs and , finally , several glasses of port.
a sting set up by police between hollywood producer harvey weinstein and the woman who claims he groped her has revealed he did not deny touching the model , it has been reported. italian model ambra battilana , 22 , has claimed the 63-year-old hollywood producer asked her for a kiss and groped her during a ` business meeting ' at his tribeca office in manhattan on friday night. but while weinstein has spoken to police and denied the accusations , a recorded conversation between him and battilana shows he did not deny the incident , it has been claimed. out and about : harvey weinstein is pictured leaving his new york townhouse on thursday , nearly a week after he allegedly groped a model.
the former miss italy finalist who has accused film mogul harvey weinstein of molesting her tried to use the accusation to secure a movie role , it has been alleged. ambra battilana , 22 , did not ` co-operate ' with authorities for four days after her initial report to police saying she was groped by weinstein during a ` business meeting ' at his office in manhattan. accusations : italian model ambra battilana , 22 , told police the hollywood producer groped her and put his hand up her skirt during a ` business meeting ' at his tribeca office in manhattan last friday night.
she was a rare breed : stunningly beautiful , immediately accessible , witty , charming and endearingly mischievous -- she was one in a million. girls ' names are causing the biggest stir , as there seems to be a belief that the couple are expecting a princess. if the assumptions are correct , she will be the first princess of cambridge born into the royal family in 182 years. in a recent today show poll , 32 % of americans predicted the name was a shoo-in , and in the uk the bookies ' odds of a baby named after her late grandmother change almost daily as diana becomes an increasingly popular choice.
once in a while , a colossal chunk of ice breaks free from antarctica 's majestic landscape and drifts out into the ocean. in march , nasa was able to capture this remarkable event from space during a process that was months in the making. the monster iceberg , larger than manhattan , was spotted breaking away from west antarctica 's getz ice shelf by the u.s. national ice center -lrb- nic -rrb-. scroll down for video. last month , nasa captured a 17 miles -lrb- 27km -rrb- long iceberg being born in the west antarctica 's getz ice shelf. glaciers in the amundsen sea of west antarctica are losing ice faster than anywhere else on the continent and are the largest contributors to the rise of sea levels.
but over the last year , rob kardashian - brother to kim , kourtney and khloe - has all but disappeared from the media spotlight. scroll down for video. rob kardashian is rarely seen out and about and is thought to have struggled with his weight gain over the recent years. in 2008 he even took a spin on dancing with the stars - the popular us dancing equivalent to strictly come dancing. but now multiple sources say that rob is in a ` dark place , ' and his sister khloe has previously revealed that she believes her brother suffers from social anxiety.
katia apalategui was inspired after seeing her mother cope with the loss of her husband by clinging to his pillow. seven years ago , katia apalategui 's mother coped with losing her husband by holding on to his pillowcase which his smell clung to. the strong link between smell and memory is the reason her product will provide ` olfactory comfort ' to customers , she says. but the ` made-to-measure ' perfumes will be rather costly and be priced at around 560 euros -lrb- # 400 -rrb-. to help develop her idea , she teamed up with the havre university in france , where researchers have developed a technique to reproduce the human smell.
more than 250 million emergency calls are made each year but two thirds have inaccurate location information , resulting in an estimated 10,000 deaths. to make this process easier , developers in boston have worked with global emergency response teams to create its one-touch-911 app. developers in boston have worked with global emergency response teams to create its one-touch-911 app -lrb- pictured -rrb-. users can call the police , fire service , report a car crash or seek medical help at the press of a single button - and it works even if the user does n't have signal. the app was designed by researchers at boston-based mit.
an american who suffered third-degree burns to 70 per cent of his body in a childhood accident has faced his fears by becoming a firefighter. terry mccarty was just six years old when he was engulfed with flames after his brothers filled a bowl with kerosene which was set alight and accidentally knocked on to him. the 29-year-old , from hawthorne , nevada , endured 58 operations as well as cruel taunts from bullies who called him freddy krueger because of the scars on his face , body and arms. form victim to hero : terry mccarty was just six years old -lrb- left -rrb- when he suffered third-degree burns to 70 per cent of his body in a childhood accident.
conor mcgregor has claimed he would ` kill ' floyd mayweather ` in less than 30 seconds ' if he was ever pitted against the best boxer in the world. mcgregor , who is preparing for his world title fight against ufc featherweight champion jose aldo in july , said mayweather lacked the skills in areas other than boxing. ' i do n't look at a man who 's expert in one area as a specialist , ' he told esquire. if you can box , what happens if i grab hold of your legs ? conor mcgregor , posing here with his new tattoo , has said he would beat floyd mayweather with ease.
thailand 's kiradech aphibarnrat produced a brilliant finish to claim his second european tour title and break chinese hearts in the inaugural shenzhen international on sunday. teenager li hao-tong looked to have done enough to secure a hugely popular victory on home soil , the 19-year-old emerging from a crowded leaderboard to card a closing 67 to finish 12 under par. kiradech aphibarnrat poses with the trophy having won his second european tour title in shenzhen. the players returned to the 18th for the play-off and aphibarnrat completed victory in style , hitting his approach to virtually the same place as he had in regulation and this time holing the birdie putt after li had missed from long range.
a mother-of-three has told of how a boob job saved her life -- as she discovered she had cancer after knocking one of her newly-enlarged breasts. leza davies , from telford , shropshire , believed breast feeding had left her chest saggy and thought implants would boost her confidence. the 33-year-old saved up # 4,000 to go from a 34a to a 34d and was pleased with her new look. scroll down for video. leza davies , 33 , says her boob job saved her life , after she discovered a cancerous lump when she knocked her breast implant on a door frame.
a terrified british family who are stuck in a basement in war-torn yemen have launched a desperate appeal to be evacuated to the uk. louise henderson alakil , 49 , moved to the middle eastern country 27 years ago and worked as a teacher at the international school in the capital sanaa until recent fighting forced it to close. she is now hiding in a shelter below her family home on the outskirts of the city with her youngest children , miriam , 11 , and ayesha , nine , amid heavy shelling and while bombs fall all around them. britons have been advised to book commercial flights out the country , but mrs henderson and her children 's passports have expired and the uk authorities in yemen are closed.
prince william is due at the cenotaph on the same day the duchess of cambridge is due to give birth. prince william is due to accompany the queen and duke of edinburgh on an official engagement next saturday -- the same day his wife is reportedly expected to give birth. despite the clash , the duke of cambridge plans to do ` everything he can ' to be at the official commemorations to mark the centenary of the gallipoli and anzac campaigns at the cenotaph on april 25 , kensington palace said yesterday. ' although her due date has not officially been confirmed , the duchess of cambridge told wellwishers at a charity event last month : ` i 'm due mid-april , to the end of april.
james ward -lrb- pictured -rrb- was left with a severed finger and wounds all over of his body after being attacked at his home by axe-wielding intruders. a father-of-six who was attacked with an axe lost a finger in the incident which left him needing 38 staples to seal wounds all over his body. james ward , 31 , of burnley , lancashire , also had several other fingers partially severed and surgeons were forced to use staples to seal wounds to his head , legs , and back. mr ward is now in hiding and is too afraid to return to his home and see his children because he fears his attackers will kill him if he does.
britain 's public schools are now the very image of tradition but behind their establishment image lies a history of rebellion and revolution. a new book by former education journalist david turner , the old boys , lays bare the little-known history. scroll down for video. eton 's famous wall game : the new book was inspired by david cameron 's comparison to flashman in tom brown 's school days. winchester college experienced six full-scale rebellion in the 18th and 19th centuries - one over beer rations. mr turner was inspired to write the book after hearing david cameron , a former eton college student , compared to the fictional bully flashman from tom brown 's school days.
duke was not the only big winner following monday 's ncaa championship game. in an upset even more surprising than the blue devils victory over the slightly favored wisconsin badgers , sam holtz , a 12-year-old sixth grader from lake zurich , illinois , beat out 11.5 million entries to win the annual espn tournament challenge. but not the actual grand prize of a $ 20,000 best buy gift card and an all-inclusive trip for two to the maui jim maui invitational college basketball tournament in hawaii this november. for that prize , valued at $ 30,000 , sam would have to legally be an adult as contest rules state individuals must be at least 18-years-old to qualify.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- robert downey jr. is making headlines for walking out of an interview with a british journalist who dared to veer away from the superhero movie downey was there to promote. '' he grows increasingly agitated , even as the line of questioning remains on-topic ; his attitude , meanwhile , grew increasingly smug. instead , he throws the celebrity interview equivalent of a tantrum : he smiles arrogantly , says `` bye ! '' and stands up to leave. but while downey may be understandably tired of answering questions about his past , questions that have been asked before , his business is our business.
real madrid are keeping tabs on liverpool contract rebel raheem sterling. bernabeu legend zinedine zidane , now managing the spanish giants ' castilla b-team but long tipped for the no 1 role , insists the club are looking for the world 's best youngsters to add to their squad. the england winger , who has netted six times in the premier league this season , is at loggerheads with the anfield hierarchy over a new deal. zinedine zidane has revealed la liga giants real madrid are keen on signing liverpool winger raheem sterling. zidane -lrb- left , pictured with real madrid boss carlo ancelotti -rrb- has said real are monitoring sterling.
barry bonds has been cleared legally after 11 1/2 years in court. his reputation remains tainted in the mind of many baseball fans. a federal court of appeals threw out the career home run leader 's obstruction of justice conviction on wednesday , ruling 10-1 that his meandering answer before a grand jury in 2003 was not material to the government 's investigation into illegal steroids distribution. overturned : in this april 13 , 2011 , file photo , former baseball player barry bonds leaves federal court in san francisco , after being found guilty of one count of obstruction of justice.
a bruising florida swing last month saw the englishman fall outside the world 's top 10. rose 's solution to his miserable form -- three missed cuts and a 55th-place finish at the cadillac championship in four pga tour starts -- was the time-honoured one. for the past two weeks , the 34-year-old has spent long hours on the practice ground. justin rose hit 17 out of 18 greens in regulation and signed for a 69 at the shell houston open. in the first round of the shell houston open on thursday there were encouraging signs his decline will prove temporary.
a man has been arrested after crashing through two fences and sprinting from police onto a runway during an eight-minute chase at a utah airport. the events unfolded during a routine traffic stop after airport police tried to stop the car with its bumper dragging. leo greene , 39 , of salt lake city was asked to hand over the keys to his car by police when he drove off , crashed through the fence lines and onto the tarmac area before crashing into another fence. leo greene , 39 , of salt lake city has been arrested after crashing through two fences and sprinting from police onto a runway at the salt lake city international airport on monday at 3am.
for many people there is nothing worse than wasting food , especially when it comes to that half eaten loaf of bread. but now bon apetit has come up with a genius way to revive your stale loaf and it involves running it under the tap. bon apetit have revealed that the best way to revive a stale loaf of bread is to run it under water before baking it in the oven. it does n't matter if the water is hot or cold but you should try to keep the cut edge away from the direct flow of water. then turn your oven on to a warm temperature - around 150 degrees - and stick the bread inside.
reanne evans , the 10-time ladies ' snooker world champion , begins her bid to make history and reach the world championship finals. the 29-year-old from dudley would be the first woman ever to reach the crucible should she win three qualifiers , but she faces a tough start in the form of 1997 world champion ken doherty. reanne evans faces ken doherty -lrb- right -rrb- in her first qualifier for the world championship .
the skeleton of a new species of giant predatory bird that terrorised the earth 3.5 million years ago has been discovered and is helping to reveal how these creatures would have sounded. palaeontologists say the four feet -lrb- 1.2 metres -rrb- tall bird is the most complete skeletons of a ` terror bird ' - a group of flightless prehistoric meat-eating birds - to be discovered. the south american bird has been named llallawavis scagliai - meaning scaglia 's magnificent bird after one of argentina 's famous naturalists galileo juan scaglia. scroll down for video. it was so well preserved that scientists have been able to study part of the bird 's auditory system and its trachae.
sania mirza became the first indian to climb to the top of the wta doubles ranking after she teamed up with swiss great martina hingis to claim the family circle cup title. the 28-year-old won her third successive doubles title with hingis , beating casey dellacqua and darija jurak 6-0 , 6-4 in just 57 minutes , to achieve the top ranking milestone. it 's a dream for every person ; very few get there. sania mirza -lrb- left -rrb- and martina hingis celebrate their victory at the family circle cup on sunday. mirza celebrates after clinching victory with partner hingis in the charleston tournament.
for those in the west , amusement parks are a popular day out , with hundreds of millions of visitors flocking to the most popular theme parks each year. but there are some facilities popping up in poor areas on the outskirts of major cities , with makeshift parks providing the chance to play and laugh with others and escape their difficult lives , if only for a few hours. scroll down for video. a pakistani man who fled his village due to fighting between security forces and militants in pakistan 's tribal area of bajur , enjoys a ride on a merry-go-round along with other children , at a makeshift entertainment park set up in a slum area on the outskirts of islamabad.
a darwin woman has become a tv sensation in the philippines , earning a legion of adoring fans in southeast asia and an award nomination for her role in the country 's answer to us hit series modern family. after struggling to hit the big time in australia , bubbly blonde natalia moon followed her dreams and moved to the philippines in 2012. scroll down for video. natalia moon -lrb- pictured -rrb- learned filipino language tagalog to score a role on sitcom ismol family. the darwin woman moved to the philippines in 2012 after struggling to find work as an actress in australia.
now scientists have identified the unfortunate individual whose bones were found fused to the walls of a cave in lamalunga , near altamura , in southern italy. using analysis of dna extracted from the bones sticking out from the limestone rock , researchers have found he was a neanderthal who fell down a sinkhole around 150,000 years ago. scroll down for video. genetic analysis of the bones -lrb- above -rrb- of ` altamura man ' , found entombed in limestone in a cave in altamura , italy , has revealed that they belong to a neanderthal who fell into the cave 128,000 to 187,000 years ago.
an estimated 957,000 shoppers in the us alone ordered apple watches on friday and this popularity surpassed expectations - even apple 's. in a leaked memo from the firm 's angela ahrendts , the retail chief said that customers wo n't be able to buy an apple watch in store ` through the month of may ' due to ` high global interest combined with our initial supply. ' it was expected to launch on 24 april. ' scroll down for video. in a leaked memo from apple 's angela ahrendts the retail chief wrote : ` due to high global interest combined with our initial supply , we are only taking orders online right now -lsb- and -rsb- we expect this to continue through the month of may.
tv chiefs yesterday announced the cornwall-set drama will be coming back for eight more episodes after it helped bbc1 deliver its strongest start to a year for a decade. scroll down for video. fans , rejoice ! aidan turner has been signed up for a second series of bbc period drama poldark. bbc1 boss charlotte moore confirmed that turner 's broody ross would return for another series , alongside actress eleanor tomlinson , who plays love interest -- and now wife -- demelza. ` i can exclusively announce that sunday night 's new phenomenon poldark that has captured the nation 's hearts has been commissioned for a second series , ' mrs moore said , adding that the series had helped bbc1 to an ` outstanding start ' this year.
her trademark hair is thick , glossy and silky smooth. her sapphire blue eyes are piercing and stare icily ahead making little effort to disguise the contempt she feels for all before her. the lady in question is choupette , the moody french sensation taking the modelling world by storm and who , last year , clawed in over # 2 million in fees , outstripping the earnings of bushy-eyebrowed supermodel-of-the-moment cara delevingne. ' but this starlet who has bewitched the creative director of fashion house chanel is no leggy clothes horse , in fact her legs -- all four of them -- are on the short side.
dancing with the stars co-host erin andrews surfaced for the first time after her nhl star boyfriend jarret stoll was busted at a pool party at the mgm grand hotel , allegedly with cocaine and molly tucked into his swim trunks. tmz reports the nhl player passed through security on his way to the wet republic pool at the las vegas hotel when a security guard found a ` pink baggie ' filled with 3.3 grams of cocaine and ` gel-caps ' containing 8.1 grams of molly. scroll down for video. spotted : andrews , who co-hosts dancing with the stars and works as an nfl sideline reporter for fox sports , was seen being visited by a friend at the home she reportedly shares with stoll the day after he was arrested.
the us body that regulates internet addresses is looking to crack down on a canadian company using the new '. sucks ' domain name to extract exorbitant sums from celebrities such as kevin spacey and companies looking to protect their reputations. kevin spacey has reportedly paid have his his '. sucks ' domain taken down. kevin spacey is reportedly among celebrities paying out to have their name removed from one of the '. sucks ' domains which opened on 30 march. adult ' domains attacking her , cnbc reported. the internet corporation for assigned names and numbers , or ` icann , ' sent a letter on thursday to the u.s. federal trade commission and canada 's office of consumer affairs to see if the actions of company vox populi registry ltd. were illegal.
the oregon parks and recreation department has reported that a section of a fiberglass boat 20 or 30 feet long was spotted off the state 's coast this week and has been towed into harbor. the debris is suspected to be from the earthquake and tsunami that hit japan on march 11 , 2011. the boat fragment was found this week and towed to newport , oregon , where it is moored at a marina. inside were found -- more than four years and 4,000 miles later , if officials ' suspicions are correct -- some specimens of a variety of yellowtail jack fish normally found in japanese waters.
ready , set ... crack ! this is the moment a two-year-old boy is reduced to tears as he loses an easter egg rolling race - before he 's even set off. video footage shows blaine taylor from aberdeen , scotland , competing against his older brother , cody. but as he goes to roll his egg down a grassy hill , he accidentally steps on it with shell and yolk mushed into the ground. immediately blaine starts wailing with tears welling up in his eyes. to date the toddler 's easter egg rolling fail has been watched more than 90,000 times.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- easter is a cornerstone event in the christian faith , but it 's surrounded by interesting quirks. it celebrates the completion of christ 's mission of salvation in the crucifixion and resurrection. by dying on good friday , christ atoned for the sins of others ; by rising from the grave on sunday , christ conquered death. unlike christmas , it does n't fall on the same day every year but shifts around in spring depending upon cosmic events. and you 'll learn to how to color easter eggs with kool-aid. at the vatican , holy week began with palm sunday last week and culminated in easter sunday mass with multiple celebrations in between to mark the final week of christ 's mortal life.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- seven people -- including illinois state university associate men 's basketball coach torrey ward and deputy athletic director aaron leetch -- died when their small plane crashed while heading back from the ncaa tournament final. the aircraft went down overnight monday about 2 miles east of the central illinois regional airport in bloomington , mclean county sheriff 's office sgt. bill tate said. it was not immediately known who else was on the aircraft , which the national transportation safety board tweeted was a cessna 414. the plane was coming back from the ncaa final four championship game in indianapolis , according to illinois state athletics spokesman john twork.
bayern munich will be without versatile left-back david alaba for the closing stages of the season after he was ruled out for around seven weeks with a torn knee ligament. alaba , out for three months earlier this season after a partial ligament tear in his right knee , was injured while playing for austria in their 1-1 draw against bosnia on tuesday. ' david alaba is tackled by emir spahic 's tackle during austria 's 1-1 draw against bosnia-herzegovina. marc janko -lrb- left -rrb- celebrates with martin harnik and alaba after he scored against liechtenstein last friday. he is set to start rehabilitation work in about a month , bayern said.
fernando alonso , whose youthful brilliance usurped even michael schumacher in the autumn of his career , considered a life beyond formula one. this full-blooded driver , who has proved himself probably the best of his generation during 15 dazzling yet sometimes turbulent seasons , said mclaren would be his last team and that when he walks out of the paddock for ever he will barely take a backward glance. fernando alonso says he will retire from formula one once his deal with mclaren-honda comes to an end. that will be one third of my life. after 15 or 16 or 17 years of formula one it 's enough.
dr mehmet oz 's fellow faculty members at columbia have written an op-ed lashing out at how his ` unsubstantiated medicine ... sullies the reputation ' of the university - in just the latest attack on his talk show tactics. the eight staff wrote the op-ed for usa today after 10 doctors urged columbia to sever all ties with oz , who serves as vice chairman and professor of surgery at the college of physicians. those doctors accused him of being a ` charlatan ' who promotes ` quack treatments ' on his syndicated talk show - accusations dr oz has vehemently fought this week.
an unstable middle eastern country has become a potential battlefield for a proxy war. today on cnn student news , hear an explainer on why yemen is the focus of global concern. transcript. click here to access the transcript of today 's cnn student news program. cnn student news is created by a team of journalists who consider the common core state standards , national standards in different subject areas , and state standards when producing the show.
when even injuries are working in leicester 's favour , the other teams around the relegation zone should begin to worry. leonardo ulloa was not supposed to be starting this match , left out in favour of andrej kramaric. but when david nugent suffered injury in the warm-up , ulloa was sent on. that familiar melody was hummed loudly by leicester 's fans at full-time , fuelled by andy king 's late second goal and the sight of their team moving off the bottom of the table for the first time since november. leicester city defender marcin wasilewsk -lrb- left -rrb- hassles swansea playmaker gylfi sigurdsson -lrb- right -rrb- for the ball at the king power stadium.
in two years ' time , the scandinavian nation is slated to become the first in the world to phase out radio entirely. that does n't mean that norwegians will be left with radio silence ; they 'll merely have to tune in digitally. according to officials in oslo , many in this nation of 5 million have already made the move. on fm , norwegians can only find five stations. on the digital audio broadcasting network , there are four times that number. `` listeners will have access to more diverse and pluralistic radio-content , and enjoy better sound quality and new functionality , '' widvey said in a news release.
the wife of a florida chef who was killed by a suspected drunk driver on saturday has given birth his son , only three days following his death. ana granucci davis , 28 , wife of st petersburg chef aaron davis , 31 , gave birth to their son andrew aaron lawrence on tuesday. scroll down for video. aaron davis , head chef at the kitchen , fatally struck by 25-year-old jason lanard mitchell on saturday around 2am , according to police -lrb- aaron pictured right with his wife , ana davis , and their baby girl audrey -rrb-. on tuesday , mrs davis gave birth to their son andrew aaron lawrence davis -lrb- above -rrb- on tuesday , three days after her husband died.
but that distinctive splash of colour is the only clue to the identity of the man who turned this building into a family home. in the early 1970s , sir richard branson brought the chapel into residential use while he was setting up his virgin recording business. and from then until the present day , the virgin logo -- which has gone on to adorn trains , planes and a multitude of other businesses -- has always been printed in the red of those humble chapel doors. sir richard branson converted the old chapel in shipton-on-cherwell , oxfordshire , into a home in the 1970s.
a middle-aged grandmother and her husband are defying their critics by celebrating their tenth wedding anniversary , despite their 29-year age gap. william smith was just 15 when he fell in love with his best friend 's mother , marilyn buttigieg , who was then 44 years old. the couple , from crawley , west sussex , shared their first date and kiss in september 2005. scroll down for video. william smith was just 16 when he fell in love with his best friend 's mother , marilyn buttigieg , then 44. the pair tied the knot six years ago this month , after being together for four years.
what was supposed to be a day spent visiting a famous earthwork sculpture soon turned into a massive rescue effort as 20 strangers joined forces to help rescue a dog out of a tar pit. with no cell phone reception to call for help , owner tom george had to leave his dog shelby stuck in a pool by the great salt lake 's spiral jetty and drive an hour out to the nearest town. scroll down for video. twenty strangers joined forces to help rescue a dog named shelby out of a tar pit he had gotten stuck in near the shoreline of the great salt lake.
master patissier eric lanlard is on-stage recalling how he once refused to bake a ` very rude ' cake for naomi campbell. learning from the master : tamara shows off the cooking skills she has picked up from eric lanlard. as it happens , when hm toured the cruise ship britannia after the naming ceremony last month , one of the areas she was most impressed with was eric 's atrium-based market café , where the centrepiece is a beautiful , mouth-watering display : dainty , neon-hued raspberry macaroons , eton mess served with popping candy and chocolate salted caramel mille-feuilles.
joy behar and kelly ripa shared their grief on monday over the tragic death of cosmetic surgeon dr fredric brandt who hanged himself at his miami mansion. the city of miami police department confirmed that dr brandt 's death on sunday was a suicide by hanging. an autopsy was scheduled on monday , the coroner confirmed. ' morning show host , kelly ripa , posted : ` my heart is breaking for the loss of dr. fredric brandt. ' miami herald columnist , lesley abravanel had said brandt , 65 , had been ` devastated ' recently over rumors comparing him to a character on the netflix show , unbreakable kimmy schmidt.
marathon season is in full swing with the london marathon set to take place a week on sunday. but what trainers should you go for ? running is often celebrated as a budget sport because you do n't have to pay expensive gym fees or buy lots of equipment. but trainers can be costly - proved by the latest adidas boost shoes that have gone on sale for # 130. femail writer and marathon runner lucy waterlow tested out # 130 adidas ultra boost trainers against aldi 's budget # 19.99 pair ahead of the london marathon next week. in contrast , supermarket chain aldi have a running flash sale in stores from tomorrow -lrb- thursday -rrb- with trainers available for the budget price of # 19.99 , while stocks last.
tyler walker is a player who could form nottingham forest 's attack for years to come , according to manager dougie freedman. the 18-year-old striker came off the bench to score an impressive first goal of his senior career at brentford on east monday. it took him level with a forest legend of the same surname : his dad des , a scorer just once in 408 games for the club. tyler walker celebrates after scoring his first senior goal for nottingham forest away to brentford. he has managed just 56 minutes in his fledgling career so far , a distance from the 858 senior games , including 59 england caps , of des.
recently released dashcam footage from a florida police car taken in september of 2013 shows an unarmed black man being shot four times after he was followed while he rode a bicycle. dontrell stephens did n't die after he was shot by palm beach county sheriff 's office deputy adam lin , but the then-20-year-old was paralyzed from the waist down after the shooting. dashcam footage from a florida cop car taken in september of 2013 shows dontrell stephens being followed. stephens -lrb- center -rrb- was shot by palm beach county sheriff 's office deputy adam lin and is now paralyzed.
a white german shepard puppy named lt.dan from south carolina born without his paw now has a new friend who understands his unique struggle. on monday the nine-week-old puppy was given to three-year-old sapphyre johnson who is missing both of her feet. the dog 's original owner karen riddle said that lt. dan , who was born with eight other puppies in a litter - and could have been euthanized. missing their feet : of the nine pups in the litter , lt. dan , named for the character in forest gump who lost his legs , was the only one missing a paw and sapphyre johnson had to have her feet amputated.
bastia president pierre-marie geronimi has called for french league -lrb- lfp -rrb- president frederic thiriez to step down after he did not come down to the pitch to shake the players ' hands ahead of saturday 's league cup final. sporting -lsb- bastia -rsb- demands that he goes. ' french league president frederic thiriez -lrb- right -rrb- has been asked to resign by bastia president pierre-marie geronimi. the bastia players look dejected after their league cup final defeat to paris saint germain on saturday. thiago silva -lrb- centre -rrb- holds the trophy aloft after psg beat bastia 4-0 in the stade de france in paris.
overall i 'm sure miliband 's coaching team will be patting themselves on the back and declaring a win but his gesticulation and approach looked as manicured and choreographed as a torville and dean routine. scroll down for video. nicola sturgeon -lrb- pictured -rrb- is a smiling assassin , making her a tricky opponent for cameron to stand next to. in his après-paxman mode , david cameron -lrb- pictured -rrb- was looking serious and oozing leadership charisma. cameron kept a firm hand on the leadership rudder. cameron kept a firm hand on the leadership rudder. clegg is a good speaker but his performance was vintage , ie a complete re-run of his 2010 routine.
islamic state has released a new set of disturbing propaganda photos , showing off their growing number of military markets in iraq and syria. with the fighting fiercer than ever , the extremist group have already started to convert local markets to supply the growing number of barbarous jihadis in their ranks. even young children appear to be allowed to browse through the market , with some of the children wearing their own miniature uniforms. scroll down for video. isis fighters as well as local residents and children appear to be able to freely wander through the market. once the tailors made and sold suits and shirts , now under islamic state , they are producing vast numbers of bland tunics and military clothing.
the white house was stalling for time on wednesday as talks with iran over its nuclear program threatened to stretch into another day of overtime. president barack obama 's spokesman refused to give reporters an update on the status of the meetings or scheduling , saying he would leave those announcements to negotiators. ' speculation was swirling on wednesday afternoon that representatives from the six countries , including the u.s. , participating in the switzerland-based discussions with iran in were on the verge of making a deal as french foreign minister laurent fabius rushed back to lausanne. scroll down for video.
her mouth felt as if it were on fire , her gums were beginning to blister and her teeth had grown so sensitive that she knew that if so much as a sip of water came into contact with them she would wince. teresa james , 40 -lrb- pictured -rrb- , believes the discomfort involved with teeth whitening is worth it for the end result of a bright smile. she had spent four hours earlier that afternoon bleaching her teeth and , as far as she was concerned , the considerable discomfort was worth it. ` whitening has been unbearably painful at times , ' says teresa , 40.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- tornadoes , fierce winds and severe thunderstorms with large hail are predicted for the midwest and for the plains , from the ozarks eastward to the lower ohio valley , on thursday and friday , the national weather service said. severe weather is perilous anytime , of course , but cnn meteorologist chad myers says that tornado conditions are more dangerous during the night. scattered storms will soak illinois and missouri , and wind and hail will continue to be moderate in those states , the national weather service said. by thursday afternoon , storms will hit parts of indiana and kentucky.
arsenal moved further clear of the two manchester clubs in second place , and kept the pressure up on leaders chelsea , as they held on to beat a spirited burnley at turf moor. arsene wenger 's side were far from their best , but aaron ramsey 's early goal put them ahead and burnley , for all their endeavour , did n't create too many clear-cut chances. here 's how sportsmail rated each player ... burnley. tom heaton : saved well from ozil in the build-up to arsenal 's goal but was unfortunate his defenders could not clear. kieran trippier : forced ospina into a good save with a curling free-kick and delivered well from corners.
she shot to fame as the half-naked cavorting star of robin thicke 's steamy blurred lines video and landed a role in gone girl alongside industry heavyweights ben affleck and rosamind pike. ever since , emily ratajkowski has become an object of desire for men worldwide - and women everywhere are desperate to emulate her curves. a newly unveiled set of photographs show london-born emily , 23 , showing off her enviable figure - so what 's her secret ? scroll down for video. the american model , who saw her star rocket since being cast in the video for the controversial song featuring t.i. and pharrell in 2013 , has revealed exactly how she achieves and maintains the enviable body.
a virginia man has won the right to see his son , even thought the child was conceived through the woman using a turkey baster , a court has ruled ,. robert preston boardwine provided his friend joyce rosemary bruce with sperm and she impregnated herself using the kitchen accessory in 2010. she had opted for the bizarre method of conception because she believed that the absence of intercourse would mean mr boardwine had no parental rights. unusual method : a court in richmond , virginia , has ruled that even though joyce rosemary bruce impregnated herself using a turkey baster and robert preston boardwine 's sperm , he still has parental rights.
west of baghdad , iraq -lrb- cnn -rrb- the call from faleh essawi , the deputy chief of the provincial council , who we were supposed to be meeting up with , came just as we were about to hit the bridge -- the only safe route from baghdad to neighboring anbar province. `` isis has taken the east of the city , it 's not accessible , '' he says , sounding frantic , rapidly rattling off the neighborhoods and areas isis fighters had just stormed into. cars are not permitted to cross this bridge across the euphrates. the government feels that restricting vehicles will decrease the likelihood of explosives making their way into iraq 's capital.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- fast-food outlet burger king will sponsor the wedding of an illinois couple. not just any couple -- these are the nuptials of joel burger and ashley king. they accepted the restaurant chain 's offer to pay for their july affair on monday. the couple had a little fun with the name coincidence and posed by a burger king restaurant sign for a photo. they were interviewed by reporter dave bakke of the state journal-register in springfield , the state capital. they were invited on skype on monday to learn of a surprise : burger king will pay for their whole wedding.
aaron ramsey has scored 25 goals for arsenal since the start of last season , none more vital than a dramatic extra-time winner in the fa cup final. but his last one -- the only goal of the game at burnley -- meant the world , because it was for someone special. ` i 've had a tough few weeks , ' said ramsey , who pointed skywards after scoring at turf moor. aaron ramsey celebrates his goal against burnley by dedicating it to his late gran who passed away. ` her name is eileen. ' his grandmother would have been proud of young aaron as he took time out from preparations for today 's fa cup semi-final against reading to pay his tribute to her.
a woman who lost more than three stone in six months by using gastric band hypnosis was mistaken for her husband 's new lover by his amazed colleagues. andrea lindsay , 43 , from prescot , merseyside , transformed her appearance leaving her almost unrecognisable to friends and family. the mother-of-one shed more than three stone using an hypnosis app and dropped from a size 18 to a size ten to 12 in half a year. andrea hit her target weight in december 2014 , shrinking from 14st to around 10st 5lb , before dying her bright blonde locks dark brown.
a photojournalist who grew up in an ultra orthodox jewish home in israel has revealed the intriguing rituals , ceremonies and customs performed by his community in a series of images. yaakov naumi 's fascinating photographs include a man lying in a grave to prolong life , a chicken being walked on a piece of string and men tying a rope to a bride and dancing around her. scroll down for video. a jewish man lies in an open grave that 's had a body removed from it in a ritual that he believes will help prolong his life. a strictly orthodox rabbi dances the ` mitzvah tantz ' at the wedding of his grand-daughter in bnei brak.
a woman who won $ 1million off a scratch-off lottery ticket given to her in a birthday card from a friend plans to share her earnings with her friend 's family. theresa dybalski , a retired insurance company from lackawanna , new york , was celebrating at a birthday lunch when she received the ticket. so she plans to share her winnings with family members of her friend , who has not been named. theresa dybalski , a retired insurance company from lackawanna , new york , won $ 1million off of a $ 5 scratch off lottery ticket. the friend has since died , so dybalski plans to share her winnings with the friend 's family.
a grand home owned by president richard nixon and dubbed the western white house has been put on sale for $ 75million. the 5.45 acre estate in san clemente , california was bought by the former commander in chief in 1969 , six months into his presidency. nixon entertained 17 heads of state at the home , which was built in 1926 and overlooks the pacific ocean. scroll down for video. western white house : the home , pictured above in 1969 when nixon bought it , is now on sale for $ 75million. heads of state : nixon is pictured overlooking the pacific ocean while entertaining soviet leader leonid brezhnev.
when adam lyth scratched around for 22 in a championship match against nottinghamshire in 2008 , graeme swann branded him a ` walking wicket '. ' lyth , one of six yorkshire players in the england squad that left heathrow on thursday for three tests in the caribbean , hit back in that match seven years ago with a second-innings of 132. yorkshire 's adam lyth fields during day three of the champion county match against the mcc. now he finds himself competing with jonathan trott to be alastair cook 's opening partner at the first test in antigua on april 13.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- a federal grand jury has charged millionaire real estate heir robert durst , a convicted felon , with unlawful possession of a firearm. in this week 's indictment , durst , 71 , is accused of possessing a .38 caliber revolver , which authorities allegedly found in his hotel room last month. he faces a maximum of 10 years in prison if found guilty of that charge , according to the indictment. a louisiana judge ruled last month that durst , who is charged with first-degree murder , will be held without bail at a facility near new orleans.
a man had to be airlifted to the hospital after being bit by a shark friday afternoon while spearfishing on the coast of florida. the bull shark took a bite out of his back , torso and head , according to witnesses in palm beach , florida. horrific : this is the man who was bitten by a shark on the right side of his head as well as his back and torso. the victim , who has not been identified , was airlifted to st mary 's medical center 's trauma unit. an update on his condition was n't immediately available.
ahead of golf 's first major of the year , where all talk is of whether rory mcilroy can complete a career grand slam or how tiger woods ' latest comeback will fare , sportsmail 's derek lawrenson will bring daily updates from behind the scenes at augusta. world no 1 rory mcilroy shields himself from the rain during a practice round at augusta. englishman ian poulter was so excited to get started at augusta that he forgot his clubs. henrik stenson of sweden looked less than impressed after coming down with a bout of flu. has tiger woods finally learned to look up and smell the azaleas ? not only will he play in the traditional par-three tournament for the first time in over a decade but sharing bag-carrying duties will be his two offspring , charlie and sam.
with house prices soaring , it 's not easy finding somewhere to live. meet seattle 's rolling neighborhood of rvs , where each unassuming vehicle is a capsule home. the unusual format has been captured in a series of photographs by visual journalist anna erickson. meet bud dodson , 57 , and welcome to his home : an rv in seattle 's sodo where he watches over the parking lot in exchange for a spot. no place like home : john warden , 52 , has turned his $ 200 vehicle into his home after his apartment burned down years ago.
a resourceful firefighter has been filmed rescuing six ducklings trapped in a storm drain - using a duck quacking ringtone to lure them out of their hiding place. cody knecht , of st. tammany fire district in louisiana , was sent out to rescue the baby mallards after residents reported seeing them fall down the drain. rescue mission : firefighter cody knecht , of st. tammany fire district in louisiana stands in the drain holding a pole attached to his phone. during the video , the noise made by the phone is responded to with chirps from the ducklings. all six ducklings were reunited with their mother on saturday at their home on a nearby canal.
firefighters responded to cries for help - from two parrots. the crew scoured a burning home in boise , idaho , searching for people shouting ` help ! ' and ` fire ! ' eventually , to their surprise , they found a pair of squawking birds. scroll down for video. cry for help ! this is one of the two parrots who were found in a burning home after calling for help. the tropical creatures appeared to have been alone when flames began to sweep the property. the fire crew in boise , idaho , thought they were chasing human voices when the found the birds.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- craig hicks , who is charged in the deaths of three muslim college students in chapel hill , north carolina , earlier this year , can face the death penalty , a judge ruled monday , according to cnn affiliates. superior court judge orlando hudson jr. ruled that hicks ' case is `` death penalty qualified , '' wral and wtvd reported. the 46-year-old was arrested february 10 in the deaths of yusor mohammad , 21 , her 23-year-old husband , deah shaddy barakat , and 19-year-old sister , razan mohammad abu-salha. hicks , who was the victims ' neighbor , turned himself in to police the night of the killings.
a quokka was the innocent victim of a cruel act by two french tourists who tried to set the australian animal alight. the two men allegedly ignited an aerosol spray with a lighter causing a large flame to make contact with a quokka on rottnest island off perth in western australia on april 3. two french male tourists allegedly ignited an aerosol spray with a lighter causing a large flame to make contact with a quokka on rottnest island off perth in western australia on april 3. detectives went to rottnest island on saturday and questioned the two men and also seized video evidence of the careless act.
it is a skill employed by stand-up comedians , politicians and market traders alike -- an effortless way with words that can persuade , cajole and tease. now scientists believe they have found evidence of what may lie behind ` the gift of the gab '. brain scans on a group of professional comedians has revealed differences in the way the brains of these ` super speakers ' work while talking. compared to the less silver tongued among us , the super speakers -- which also included a barrister and a radio presenter -- showed less activity in a key area of the brain involved articulating and comprehending speech.
the name gary - once one of the most popular name in britain - is now heading for extinction. just 28 of 700,000 babies born in the uk in 2013 were given the name , data from the office of national statistics shows. that compares to 235 garys being born in 1996 , when the name was the 147th most popular in britain. all in a name : others suggest that gary lineker , left , or take that singer barlow might have put some off. helped by the popularity of actor gary cooper , there was a surge in garys born in the us in the early 1950s.
former rangers defender john brown insists ally mccoist will be welcomed back to ibrox ` with open arms. ' the club 's record scorer has not been spotted at his old stomping ground since his surprise appearance appeared at last month 's general meeting to see the board which axed him as boss swept out of power. ally mccoist will be welcome back to the club ` with open arms ' according to club legend john brown. mccoist was removed from the manager 's office back in december as relations with the old board crumbled and has spent the four months since on garden leave.
a kansas city man who graduated from high school in 1977 has been saying thank you to the teachers that left a lasting impression on his life - by sending them sums of money. kevin perz , 56 , a father-of-four and business owner , has been looking up the teachers he has the fondest memories of from his days at parkway central high school in chesterfield , missouri. it started in 1992 , when he sent a check to his calculus teacher made out for $ 5,000. then in 2002 , he sent a $ 10,000 check to his former business teacher.
scientists claim to have established which diets are most likely to work - and keep the weight off in the long term. from high protein to low fat , calorie counters to slimming shakes , we are bombarded by diet plans promising the holy grail of weight loss. a landmark report claims to have established which diets are most likely to work - and keep the weight off in the long term. the us researchers say very few of these - often very expensive - weight loss plans have solid evidence to back up their claims. in fact , the results suggest only a few programmes have shown their users lose more weight than those not using them.
hundreds of thousands of people who bought british gas shares in the 1980s are in line for a windfall after their investment soared in value last night. the shares are one of the most popular in the uk due to the hugely successful ` tell sid ' advertising campaign when british gas was privatised. the shares are one of the most popular in the uk due to the hugely successful ` tell sid ' advertising campaign when british gas was privatised. the rise came after the oil giant royal dutch shell announced plans to buy bg group in a # 47billion deal.
an aspiring model sobbed uncontrollably yesterday as she was convicted of luring a professional gambler to his death. leonie granger , 25 , targeted playboy mehmet hassan , 56 , after spotting him flashing a roll of # 50 notes at a casino in london 's west end. scroll down for video. killing : leonie granger , left , has been found guilty of manslaughter over the death of mehmet hassan , right. but after going back to his flat with him one night she made her excuses and left the door unlocked so her boyfriend and a second thug could get inside.
at two kilometres in circumference and protected by an imposing 12-metre wall , the ming dynasty 's ` martial city ' had a reputation that struck fear into opposing armies. now archaeologists have begun a daunting project to restore the once-mighty site to something approaching it previous glory , in particular the dilapidated outer wall that repelled every attack which invading mongolian armies could throw at it. among the works being carried out at wanquan castle is the restoration of the fortress ' dilapidated outer wall. workers restore the southern barbican entrance to wanquan castle , which was known as the ming dynasty 's ` martial city ' the fortress was built in 1393 and managed to repel all attacks by the invading mongolian armies.
the shooting of african-american , father-of-four walter scott by a white cop has provoked a torrent of anger and grief from celebrities on social media. mr scott , 50 , was gunned down by officer michael slager on saturday morning in charleston , south carolina , when he ran from the cop. pop star and member of destiny 's child , michelle williams , wrote : ` once again ... #walterscott ' and added a broken heart. singer janelle monáe said : ` this brought tears to my eyes. ' rapper big boi simply tweeted an image of a black square with the words : ' #walterscott '.
the sister of a missing woman who left a popular spanish nightspot with two brits who are now being probed over her disappearance has made a tearful video appeal for information on her whereabouts. older sister gunta fought back tears as she described her sister as ` very beautiful ' and spoke of her despair at the lack of news. tearful : older sister gunta has made an emotional video appeal for information about agnese 's whereabouts. blonde beauty : agnese travelled to marbella to start a summer job at the ocean club in marbella , was wearing a multi-coloured halter neck dress and carrying a large white louis vuitton handbag when she left the club.
royal bank of scotland has racked up # 50billion in losses since it was bailed out by taxpayers and warned last night that it faces another ` tough year '. the state-backed giant reached the milestone yesterday as it lurched to a # 446million loss for the first three months of the year. it comes after rbs was forced to put aside # 856million to cover lawsuits and fines still being decided , including an extra # 334million for its part in rigging the foreign exchange market with other banks. in addition to fines in the us , the latest bill includes provision for compensating customers mis-sold payment protection insurance and fee-paying packaged accounts in the uk.
a mother and her teenage daughter have been arrested after a video of them fighting with a student at a high school was posted online. the pair were caught on camera at langham creek high school , in houston on tuesday. the mother , who has not been identified , was reportedly angry with the girl because she had allegedly been bullying her daughter , reports channel 2. scroll down for video. a mother and her teenage daughter have been arrested after a video of them fighting with a student at a high school was posted online. the mother , who has not been identified , was reportedly angry with the girl because she had allegedly been bullying her daughter , reports channel 2.
a carpenter from south california has created what may well be the world 's biggest see-saw. kyle toth , who runs his own custom woodworking business , built the seesaw from trees behind his workshop in temecula. as seen in the video , the seesaw is made from entirely raw materials -- a large trunk sits securely in between the natural split of a tree. ` it did n't go as planned and ended up dropping in between a tree that had two huge branches splitting. kyle climbed the tree with a sledge hammer and pounded the trunk into the split branches to stop it from sliding.
ahead of this weekend 's premier league action , sportsmail will be providing you with all you need to know about every fixture , with team news , provisional squads , betting odds and opta stats. here is all the information you need for southampton 's home clash with hull ... southampton vs hull city -lrb- st mary 's -rrb-. southampton. southampton midfielder filip djuricic has been ruled out of saturday 's barclays premier league clash with hull because of an ankle injury. midfielder steven davis returns to the team after recovering from an ankle problem , as does defender florin gardos who has been struggling with an unspecified knock.
researchers in north carolina claim that zapping the brain with a mild electric current can boost creativity by nearly eight per cent. they tested their theory using a 10-hertz current on the brain 's of 20 volunteers to stimulate the brain 's natural alpha wave oscillations. researchers in north carolina claim that zapping the brain with a mild electric current can boost creativity by nearly eight per cent. ' alpha oscillations occur within the frequency range of eight and 12 hertz 9 -lrb- or cycles per second -rrb-. they were discovered in 1929 by hans berger , who invented eeg. alpha oscillations happen most prominently when we close our eyes and shut out sensory stimuli -- things we see , feel , taste , smell , and hear.
and now , andy jordan , who was named one of london 's best-dressed men by american gq , is hoping to follow in his fellow co-stars ' footsteps and make a name for himself as a fashion designer. following the lead of ollie proudlock and all of the show 's ladies , andy has launched his very own line of surf-inspired city wear called jam industries. made in chelsea star andy jordan is keen to make a name for himself as a fashion designer and stars in a spring/summer beachy campaign for his clothing range , jam industries. ' andy has launched his very own line of surf-inspired city wear with his younger brother.
adrian heath is holding court at his weekly pre-match press conference , and one of the local reporters wants to talk crossbars. might it be a good idea to raise it a bit so more goals could be scored for the benefit of goal-hungry american fans ? the well-travelled former everton and manchester city midfielder -- now manager of the newest mls team orlando city -- responds with good humour. scroll down for video. adrian heath is manager of the newest mls team orlando city. heath has been here for eight years now and witnessed the process at first hand , going from the backwoods of the usl to the major leagues that orlando have been elevated to this season.
the father-of-one , whose wife kate is expecting their second child in june , was dismissed by doctors five times in two months - despite reporting on one visit that he was coughing up blood. but , after noticing a dull ache in his ribs , and coughing up more blood , he was taken to a&e. there , an x-ray revealed a devastating diagnosis - mr rowe was suffering an aggressive lung cancer that had spread to his liver and bones. chris rowe , pictured with his pregnant wife kate and their three-year-old daughter , sophia , was diagnosed with an aggressive form of lung cancer that had spread to his liver and bones , in december.
her family is among the dozens of americans caught in the crossfire of warring parties in yemen. and although many other countries evacuated their citizens , india most notably ferrying out around 5,000 , the united states has said it is too dangerous for them to directly evacuate american nationals. for more than three weeks , neighboring saudi arabia has been conducting airstrikes in yemen. they want to drive out the shiite houthi rebels , whose opposition to the government grew from protests to a takeover of government buildings and some territory. at one time , the houthis held yemen 's president under house arrest , before he escaped and fled.
hong kong -lrb- cnn -rrb- chinese president xi jinping and indian prime minister narendra modi are two dynamic leaders at the helm of the world 's two most populous nations. when india successfully placed a spacecraft into orbit around mars last year , modi reveled in the moment. '' soon after the galactic feat , he took to the stage at new york 's famous madison square garden and received a welcome so rapturous that jon stewart called him `` america 's first modi. '' and all along , modi has issued his call to `` make in india , '' encouraging companies all over the world to manufacture their products in india where there is a vast talent pool and low-cost production.
reality star ` mama ' june shannon and her estranged husband mike ` sugar bear ' thompson have filed a missing persons report after his older brother disappeared three days ago. billy thompson was last seen on saturday at sugar bear 's home in mcintyre , georgia , where mama june 's daughter jessica was preparing to go to prom. scroll down for video. reality star ` mama ' june shannon and her estranged husband mike ` sugar bear ' thompson have filed a missing persons report after his older brother disappeared three days ago. billy thompson , center , was last seen on saturday at sugar bear 's home in mcintyre , georgia , where mama june 's daughter jessica was preparing to go to prom.
a mother was horrified to find a dead gecko stuck to the lining of a jacket she bought from asda. paula dunican spent # 25 on the baby blue coat at her local branch in canterbury , kent. inside , a four inch-long gecko was flattened , its scales imprinted onto the fabric. paula dunican was horrified when she found the body of a crushed lizard on the lining of a # 25 coat from asda. ' the supermarket has offered her a refund and # 40 voucher , adding that the reptile may have climbed into one of the boxes transporting clothes from vietnam where they are made.
peter moore -lrb- above -rrb- , from stoke-on-trent , staffordshire , received a letter from hm revenue and customs last week telling him he had died. a father-of-two has been sent a letter from the government telling him he is dead. peter moore was shocked after receiving the document from hm revenue and customs -lrb- hmrc -rrb- last week. the letter was addressed to the ` representative ' of peter william john moore and apologised for the family 's ` recent bereavement '. the 47-year-old pottery factory worker , from stoke-on-trent , staffordshire , yesterday demanded an apology from the government.
this is according to the national radio astronomy observatory who is objecting to proposals by irobot to release a radio wave-guided lawnmower. it claims irobot 's machines will interfere with its sensitive radio telescopes which astronomers are using to pick up signs of alien life. this is according to the national radio astronomy observatory who is objecting to proposals by irobot to release a radio wave-guided lawnmower. irobot is famous for creating self-guided roomba machines. the problem is the frequency band proposed for the lawnbot is 6240-6740 mhz - the same one several large radio telescopes operate on. ' irobot , who has created self-guided roomba vacuum cleaners , has filed a request with the u.s. federal communications commission to use airwaves for its latest design.
the senate democratic leader , harry reid , says he may never again see out of one eye. ' i am sightless in my right eye , ' he told fusion and univision anchor jorge ramos. ' ` right now , i 've had 11 hours of surgery. scroll down for video. senate minority leader harry reid is pictured here on monday in his home state of nevada. reid said in an interview this week that he might not ever be able to see out of his right eye again following a january accident. the lawmaker 's tale of how he came to sustain broken bones in his face while working out in his nevada home with a plastic exercise band is one that has been questioned , mostly by conservatives , especially after reid announced last month that he would retire.
a bobcat was snapped hauling a shark along a florida beach in an unbelievable photograph. the image was taken at sebastian inlet state park near vero beach by john bailey , wptv reported. scroll down for video. life in the water : a bobcat was snapped hauling a shark along sebastian inlet state park. however , bailey told wptv the bobcat might have been scared by his presence , since it scampered off toward the woods and let go of its find. amy kight , busch wildlife sanctuary 's animal care director , told wptv : ` my first reaction was amazement that somebody actually took that picture because bobcats are generally very , very reclusive.
english cricket 's new broom swept dramatically through the national team on wednesday night when paul downton paid the price for their woeful world cup by being sacked as managing director. the move came a day ahead of an ecb board meeting that was meant to discuss the future of a figure who has endured a traumatic time since replacing hugh morris in the aftermath of the ashes whitewash. downton was a supporter of cook as test captain but was persuaded to sack him as one-day captain three weeks before the disastrous world cup campaign. the new ` director of england cricket ' might think cook needs to go back to scoring runs at the top of the order after failing to convince as a tactician.
asia siddiqui not only saw herself as a soldier for allah , but a poet as well. the 31-year-old woman who was arrested thursday in new york for allegedly hatching a terrorist plot with her former roommate , 28-year-old noelle velentzas , was also friends with the one-time editor of al qaeda magazine inspire. samir khan , an american citizen , was killed in a 2011 drone strike in yemen. but before that he published several articles in inspire , including a diy bomb-making guide which the boston bombers allegedly used to make their twin pressure-cooker explosives. a soldier and a poet : asia siddiqui -lrb- right -rrb- , one of the two woman arrested in queens , ny on thursday for plotting a terrorist attack had previously published a poem in an al qaeda magazine , it was revealed.
sportsmail have teamed up with golfbidder to offer one lucky reader the chance to win a bundle of callaway golf clubs and accessories worth more than # 1,300. the exclusive golfbidder.co.uk competition prize bundle includes a callaway xr driver , callaway xr 3 wood , callaway xr hybrid and a set of callaway xr irons. one of the uk 's busiest online golf retailers , has also thrown in a dozen callaway chrome soft golf balls as part of this superb golf package. click here to be in with a chance of winning this special prize. sportsmail have teamed up with golfbidder to offer one lucky reader the chance to win a special golf prize.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- editor 's note : ines dumig was recently announced as a center grant recipient. sahra , a somali refugee , left her home at 14 years old. but she never gave up , and she continuously reminded herself to keep going. '' dumig met sahra through a photo workshop at refugio , a shelter in munich , germany , for refugees and torture victims. '' the number of refugees seeking asylum in the european union increased by 25 % last year , with germany receiving the most applications. one of the reasons dumig decided to photograph sahra is because growing up in germany made dumig realize that she lived a fortunate lifestyle.
a 12-year-old boy has set a world record after discovering the largest european wasp nest on a property down under. jordan waddingham scoured through bushland at karoola , north east of launceston in tasmania to unravel the plague of wasps after his mother stephanie offered him $ 20 to locate the nest. within minutes , the little wasp hunter made a startling discovery when he stumbled across the gigantic two-year-old nest near a creek bank after following a trail of wasps. scroll down for video. jordan waddingham made a startling discovery after finding the world 's largest european wasp nest. honorary research associate at launceston 's queen victoria museum simon fearn told abc it took two days to unearth the nest from the ground and four men to carry it out of the bush.
a family doctor cut a hole in a lynx shampoo bottle so he could film men using the showers in the gym. dr omar saadi al-atraqchi , 42 , faces being struck off the medical register making him unable to continue working at the custom house surgery in newham , east london as well as other surgeries in north london after he was found with the footage. the urology specialist cut peepholes in lynx bottles and emptied and dried them so he could hide his iphone inside to film through the hole. dr omar saadi al-atraqchi could be struck off after he admitted secretly filming men in the gym showers by cutting a hole in lynx shampoo bottles and concealing his iphone inside before he put bottles into cubicles.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- if you 've been following the news lately , there are certain things you doubtless know about mohammad javad zarif. he is , of course , the iranian foreign minister. he has been u.s. secretary of state john kerry 's opposite number in securing a breakthrough in nuclear discussions that could lead to an end to sanctions against iran -- if the details can be worked out in the coming weeks. '' an internet search for `` mohammad javad zarif '' and `` jovial '' yields thousands of results. he certainly has gone a long way to bring iran in from the cold and allow it to rejoin the international community.
the cardboard gnome was signed by all four members of the beatles after starring on the iconic cover of the fab four 's 1967 album sgt pepper 's lonely hearts club band. the cardboard gnome was signed by all four members of the beatles after starring on the iconic cover of the fab four 's 1967 album sgt pepper 's lonely hearts club band. the gnome is next to the legs of george harrison , who is wearing red on the album art. the model has emerged for sale almost 50 years later after being listed for auction by a private collector.
twickenham will stage a thunderous collision between two french juggernauts in 13 days ' time , although toulon 's crusade to win an unprecedented third successive european title nearly stalled at stade velodrome on sunday. on this faltering , unconvincing evidence , the holders of the last heineken cup face a mammoth task if they are to stop clermont auvergne from claiming the inaugural champions cup. toulon winger bryan habana races away for a decisive try in extra-time against leinster. habana intercepted ian madigan 's long pass to race away unopposed at stade velodrome. leinster full back rob kearney beats toulon flanker juan fernandez lobbe to a high ball in the first-half.
audio of a woman 's cell phone call to 911 -- in which she said she 'd been locked and trapped inside a trunk after an armed man had approached her -- has been released. the unidentified woman 's conversation with a dispatcher was revealed by abc news. the woman was allegedly kidnapped thursday in a parking lot in loveland , colorado , police there said in a news release. in the phone call , the dispatcher asked ' 911 , what 's the address of the emergency ? ' ' i do n't know. scroll down for video. scene : a woman was allegedly forced into her car by a man at this loveland , colorado , shopping center on thursday before she was later locked inside her trunk.
joan ashton has been a resident of aneurin bevan court in duffryn , newport for around eight months. the elderly woman 's son , steve , visits her regularly there where he says his mother is well-looked after by carers who bring her meals. but after finding the ` terrible ' serving of baked potato and corned beef in a fridge in his mother 's room , mr ashton is calling for more to be done to improve food standards for the elderly in care. this is the ` disgusting ' serving of baked potato and corned beef served to an 81-year-old woman living in sheltered housing.
next summer there will be a new ship in the thomson fleet -- but it will be familiar to seasoned cruisers who have sailed on royal caribbean 's splendour of the seas. the mid-size ship , with an on-board climbing wall , is sailing away from rci to thomson and will get a new name , yet to be announced. magellan started life as the holiday , built in 1985 for carnival cruise lines. it has had a colourful life , including providing a haven for victims of hurricane katrina in 2005 and acting as a hotel for the winter olympics in sochi in 2014.
ahead of this weekend 's premier league action , sportsmail will be providing you with all you need to know about every fixture , with team news , provisional squads , betting odds and opta stats. here is all the information you need for tottenham 's home clash with aston villa ... tottenham hotspur vs aston villa -lrb- white hart lane -rrb-. tottenham. kyle walker and hugo lloris are absent for tottenham , while jan vertonghen is a doubt for this weekend 's match against aston villa. england right-back walker is unavailable after sustaining a foot injury in last week 's draw at burnley - a match goalkeeper lloris missed through a knee injury which continues to keep him sidelined.
a student at juniata college has lived in a hut built out of fallen trees , leaves and a tarp since september for his senior research project on simple living. oak plank floorboards came from a friend 's barn. ' scroll down for video. miller , 21 , has been living in the one-room hut on juniata 's baker-henry nature reserve in huntingdon , pennsylvania , since september. miller built the hut out of fallen trees , leaves , rope and a tarp. there is no plumbing or electricity in the structure , which is about a half-hour walk from campus.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- on the surface , the mix-up seems incomprehensible : how can a volunteer sheriff 's deputy accidentally fire a handgun instead of a taser , killing a man ? that 's apparently what happened in tulsa , oklahoma , when a 73-year-old reserve deputy , robert bates , killed eric harris. bates said he meant to use his stun gun but ended up firing his handgun instead. i 'm sorry , '' bates said in a video of the shooting. in a well-publicized 2009 case , a bay area rapid transit police officer fired his gun instead of his taser , killing 22-year-old oscar grant in oakland , california.
but for anyone with a few hundred thousand to spare , it could be a dream come true. an idyllic two-bedroom log cabin , nestled down a private country lane in the heart of the new forest , has gone on the market for # 350,000. the 76sq ft hideaway , based near the tiny hampshire hamlet of newgrounds , near godshill , is made entirely from timber imported from norway. scroll down for video. an idyllic two-bedroom log cabin , nestled down a private country lane in the heart of the new forest , has gone on the market for # 350,000.
police remain hopeful they will find missing 11-year-old luke shambrook who went missing from a campsite in victoria on friday. an increased number of police and other emergency crews continue to scour the thick bushland areas around lake eildon in an effort to find the boy. scroll down for video. luke shambrook was last seen on the national park at 9.30 am on good friday. the 11-year-old , who is autistic , was reportedly seen walking near the devils river on sunday , four kilometres south of his campsite where he was last seen. search crews have rushed to the location and police remain comfortable that the young boy is still alive.
these hilarious images show the moment a frisky tortoise scupper his chances while trying to mate with a female. clearly in the mood for love , the aroused reptile is seen beginning its painstakingly slow ascent on to the back of a female 's shell. but instead of getting lucky , the blundering tortoise somehow manages to lose its balance , sending it toppling over onto its back. the moment things go south : the loved up male tortoise is seen here teetering before he falls on the ground. talk about lying down on the job - the poor fella looked positively ` shell-shocked ' as it found itself on its back unable to get up.
raheem sterling is at the centre of a second drugs controversy after the liverpool forward was videoed passing out after inhaling nitrous oxide. the england international , who was also exposed on sunday after he was caught puffing on a shisha pipe , will face at club investigation over why he was taking the legal high , which is also known as ` hippy crack '. raheem sterling has been filmed apparently inhaling nitrous oxide - also known as ` hippy crack ' the video shows him smiling and breathing in gas from a balloon before apparently passing out. nitrous oxide starves the brain of oxygen and makes users feel light-headed and dizzy.
an investigation has concluded freddie gray broke his neck after falling head-first into the back of the police van as it was moving , it was reported today. medical and law enforcement sources briefed on the police investigation told abc news gray 's ` catastrophic ' head injuries were consistent with hitting a bolt ` in the back door of the van '. they claimed there was ` no evidence ' gray sustained a fatal spine injury during his arrest , which was caught on camera on a street side on april 12. it is believed he fell into the door , breaking his neck.
worried : alice dreger attended the class at east lansing high school after her son asked her to sit in on it so she could hear what was going on first hand. an outraged mom live tweeted her son 's sex education class after becoming outraged by its abstinence only stance. author alice dreger took to twitter to express her horror at what she heard at east lansing high school , in michigan , when she sat in on a lesson earlier this week. according to the 45 tweets sent by ms dreger during the lesson , stories included people who lost all their friends when they became pregnant , people who fell into comas for 11 years after taking drugs and high school dropouts.
royal dutch shell plc said it. order to remove greenpeace activists who climbed aboard an oil. rig in the pacific ocean bound for the arctic on monday in a. protest against arctic drilling. with the names of millions of people opposed to arctic drilling. scroll down for video. on the rig : greenpeace activists scale the polar pioneer drill rig in the pacific ocean. map : the activists boarded the rig just 750 miles northwest of hawaii as it makes its journey to the arctic. at dawn on monday , the six , from the usa , germany , new zealand , australia , sweden and austria , sped towards the polar pioneer in inflatable boats launched from the greenpeace ship esperanza.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- lois lilienstein , co-star of `` sharon , lois & bram 's elephant show '' -- the canadian preschool show that ran on nickelodeon during the early 1990s -- has died , aged 78. her son , david lilienstein , told cbc news that his mother died in toronto on wednesday night from a rare form of cancer first diagnosed last october. lilienstein was born in chicago in 1936 and moved to toronto in 1996 with her son and her husband , ernest. she joined sharon hampson and bram morrison to launch their singing trio in 1978. the tv show `` sharon , lois & bram 's elephant show '' ran on cbc in canada from 1984 to 1989 , before continuing in reruns on nickelodeon stateside until 1995.
a polish lady was bestowed the enviable opportunity of bottle feeding one of the largest and perhaps most majestic felines in the world -- the jaguar. the woman known only as goska , has spent some time volunteering at criadouro onça pintada in brazil and has mixed with a number of exotic animals while there. among them was one-year-old rescued jaguar , perseu who was captured on video being bottle-fed by the polish volunteer , while at the jaguar breeding project. the volunteer holds the jaguar around the neck and gives it cuddles as it sucks the contents from the bottle before seamlessly moving onto another one.
as passengers waited to collect their luggage from the baggage reclaim , they were in for a shock when they discovered a man asleep on the conveyor. the incredible footage was shot at domodedovo airport in russia , and shows a man lying in the foetal position seemingly away with the fairies. a man decided to have a snooze on the airport baggage reclaim , not looking too comfortable. an inebriated chinese passenger wandered into a train station in his home country and fell asleep on the luggage belt. while some passengers appeared amused by the sleeping man , most were focused on claiming their luggage.
the french rugby federation is looking for candidates to replace france coach philippe saint-andre following the world cup. since taking over from marc lievremont , who led france to the world cup final in 2011 , saint-andre has failed to impose himself , winning only 15 of his 37 games in charge. he has overseen poor results in the six nations , finishing no higher than fourth and even last in 2013. saint-andre has struggled as head coach of les bleus winning just 15 of his 37 games in charge. saint-andre will remain in charge for the world cup in england from september 18 to october 31.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- if someone told you that your city had started a program providing clean needles to injecting drug users , would that make you want to start injecting drugs yourself ? the answer , of course , would be no. yet for decades , many have stood by the belief that such programs , known as syringe exchange or syringe services programs , promote and encourage drug use. indeed , for congress , it became the rationale behind a ban implemented in 1988 that prohibits the use of federal funds for these programs. as a result of the recent spikes in hiv and hepatitis c infections among injecting drug users in rural indiana and kentucky , the controversial topic of syringe exchange programs has come to the fore again.
police are believed to have identified one of the men behind the jewel heist in hatton garden , as it was revealed the gang could have been inspired by similar robberies in los angeles in the 1980s. officers from scotland yard 's flying squad released images of three suspects on saturday , but refused to release a picture of the supposed ringleader , likely because he has already been identified. scroll down for video. police are believed to have identified one of the hatton garden raiders after releasing cctv images of the gang as they raided the bank vault over the easter bank holiday.
a devoted chinese father is desperately trying to raise money to pay his son 's huge medical bills by dressing up a horse and begging people to ride him. the unusual fundraising is part of a desperate bid to raise money for his nine-year-old son chen minghao , who is suffering from leukaemia. he is frantically trying to raise money for his son 's ever-growing medical bills for his cancer treatment. the family are already in huge debt after son minghao underwent 20 course of chemotherapy for leukaemia , and now the cancer has returned. the family is 160,000 yuan -lrb- # 17,500 -rrb- in debt for treatment he has already received , having already spent 200,000 yuan -lrb- # 21,800 -rrb- on medical bills , the people 's daily online reports.
the chelsea forward has a capital one cup medal to his name this season while his side are currently commanding a six-point lead at the summit of the premier league standings. the 23-year-old also scored in brazil 's recent 3-1 victory against france in paris for good measure. ahead of chelsea 's clash with stoke at stamford bridge on saturday , the brazilian took to his instagram account to post a picture of him swigging from a bottle of sweets. chelsea star oscar messes around on his instagram account ahead of saturday 's clash with stoke. oscar fires past mamadou sakho in the 40th minute during brazil 's 3-1 victory over france in paris.
claims by the country 's biggest food bank network that it served a million hungry people in a year were exposed as false yesterday. after the labour party and trades union congress seized on the figure , with shadow work and pensions secretary rachel reeves describing it as ` shocking ' , the trussell trust admitted in a climbdown that ` these are not all unique users '. scroll down for video. it emerged last night that the true number of food bank users is likely to be no more than half a million. the claim was widely reported by newspapers , while the bbc ran a headline on its website stating : ` food banks used by `` more than one million people ''.
if all your hashtags , retweets and favourites seem overwhelming , twitter has a solution. the site has today rolled out a new feature dubbed ` highlights ' , aimed at helping users sift through the large number of tweets on their feed each day. twitter has rolled out a new feature aimed at helping users sift through the large number of tweets on their feed each day. highlights is limited to english-language readers with the twitter app installed on an android device. to enable the feature on your account , launch the official twitter app and bring up the three-dot icon in the top-right corner of your screen.
the handsome italian maths teacher who has taken the internet by storm for being the perfect mix of beauty and brains has spoken out about his new-found fame. in an interview with the times , boselli , an advanced maths lecturer with a phd , said that when he was trying to establish himself as a teacher , he did n't want to include his work for fashion companies such as abercrombie and fitch on his cv and was less than proud of his alternative career. scroll down for video. not your average teacher : wearing a tiny pair of green shorts , 26-year-old advanced maths teacher pietro boselli admits he tried to keep his double life as a model a secret from colleagues and students at ucl.
energy drinks like red bull are causing children to behave badly , a teaching union has claimed. pupils ' excessive consumption of energy drinks is fuelling deteriorating behaviour , it has been claimed. of the 3,500 teachers it surveyed , 13 per cent cited ` use of caffeine and energy drinks ... as a driver of poor pupil behaviour '. the teaching union is now working with national drug and alcohol charity , swanswell , to provide pupils , parents and schools with advice on energy drinks. the move comes as doctors warned last week that the drinks can trigger heart problems in healthy teenagers.
johnny depp and amber heard touched down in brisbane tuesday morning local time , putting on a show of unity amid rumors of marital woes just two months after they tied the knot. the couple were ready for their close-up as they left their private plane , walking hand-in-hand. the sighting comes just hours after people.com claimed they were ` leading separate lives ' because they had n't been photographed together in public since their february 3 nuptials. together again : johnny depp and amber heard held hands as they arrived in brisbane , australia , on tuesday morning local time.
after years of suffering behind its barbed wire fences , watching those they loved waste away before their eyes while nazi guards systematically slaughtered them by the tens of thousands - this is the moment the inmates of bergen-belsen watched as the death camp was burned to the ground. steeped in human misery , these huts once contained the bodies of thousands of jews , gypsies , homosexuals , nazi opponents and the disabled , sent to an inhuman death by adolf hitler and his demented regime. diarist anne frank , and her sister margot , also died here. these hellish images , which were taken by british reverend charles martin king parsons , captured that poignant moment in history for future generations to remember.
george galloway has accused the labour candidate running against him in the bradford west constituency of lying about being forced to marry when she was 15 years old. naz shah , a mother-of-three from bradford , has previously claimed that she was coerced into marrying her cousin in pakistan before being sexually and physically abused. naz shah , the labor party candidate standing against george galloway in bradford west , has previously told how she was forced into marriage age 15 - but mr galloway 's party claims to have evidence this is untrue. at a hustings on wednesday night -lrb- pictured -rrb- mr galloway produced a nikah , or pakistani marriage certificate , which he claims shows that ms shah was in fact married in 1990 , when she was 16 and a half.
a bolt of lightning has been spotted soaring from the top of a cloud before looping back on itself and striking the ground in australia. the image was captured over jaibru in australia by an off-duty emergency services officer who dubbed the phenomenon ` looping lightning '. upwards lightning is possible , but is very rare - with current estimates suggesting less than one per cent of lightning strikes travelling in an ` upwards ' direction. this image was captured over jaibru in australia by emergency services officer scott murray , who dubbed the phenomenon looping lightning '. upwards lightning is very rare - estimates suggest less than 1 % of lightning travels in an ` upwards ' direction.
a series of thought-provoking clothing labels have been photographed in a bid to raise awareness of the horrific plight of those toiling in sweatshops around the world. teaming up with the advertsiing agency rethink , the photographs feature clothing labels telling the tragic stories of factory workers from bangladesh , cambodia and sierra leone. each label says that the product is 100 per cent cotton - but adds that is not the whole story and follows on with a snap shot of just who could have made the item. scroll down for video. the label in the red hooded top highlights the case of 34-year-old tejan who had been coughing up blood but carried on working for fear of losing his job.
the i 'm a celebrity ... get me out of here ! franchise has taken a leap from the australian jungle to a theme park just off the a320 in chertsey , surrey. after six months of planning , on 27 march thorpe park launched the world 's first i 'm a celebrity themed maze , inspired by the hit tv show. scroll down for video. the new ` i 'm a celebrity ... get me out of here ! ' maze at thorpe park resort is now open to the public. new bush tucker trials invite both young and old theme park guests to be king or queen of the jungle.
isabelle obert , a nutrition consultant , believes a good diet can affect the health of the sperm and the egg before they even meet. but one nutritionist argues that a good diet can affect the health of the sperm and the egg before they even meet. isabelle obert , who runs nurture me fertility , believes a diet rich in minerals , vitamins , essential fats and proteins can prepare both a man and a woman 's body for conception. writing for healthista.com , ms obert said : ' i believe passionately that good nutrition is important for ` good ' fertility.
have you ever panicked about whether you locked the front door , been woken by a facebook notification or desperately needed a phone charger ? to deal with these sorts of everyday emergencies , one company has designed a range of prototype products. you can vote on which one is your favourite - and the winner will be made into an actual product , funded through a kickstarter campaign. scroll down for video. groups from london-based design company makerversity were then asked to design products that could alleviate certain emergencies - and three were picked for a shortlist. 1. 2. 3.
hillary clinton 's now-famous mystery mobile , an oversized , armored chevy van , stopped in iowa on tuesday long enough for photographers to catch a glimpse of the vehicle that hauled the former secretary of state from new york to the american midwest. unlike on monday when hillary stopped at an ohio chipotle for lunch , she popped into a coffee house in le claire , iowa , for a cup of joe - and of tea. scroll down for video. and she 's off : hillary clinton gets ready to board the armored chevy van which she is using to tour iowa.
big beauty : tibetan mastiffs can weigh 80kg. just a year ago they could command prices of up to # 1.2 million each. but tibetan mastiffs are now so unpopular in china they are being sent to slaughterhouses -- and their meat put into cheap hotpots. the dogs ' dramatic decline in fortune is being partly blamed on the chinese government 's wide-reaching anti-corruption crackdown. luo yi , general manager of china 's largest tibetan mastiff puppy farm , told people 's daily online : ` the anti-corruption drive means people not daring to hand them out as gifts - nor would anyone take one as a gift.
it could be an outtake from a film noir movie of yesteryear or even a discarded scene from the hit recent film fifty shades of grey. in fact , it 's an advert from cosmetics giant revlon for their latest lipstick. the stylish ad is filmed entirely in black and white , with just a slick of pink visible on the woman 's lips. scroll down for video. revlon 's latest lipstick advert looks suspiciously familiar ... it 's shot in black and white , the only colour being the pop of pink on the woman 's lips. the video , titled love is on , was created by agency george patts y&r for the cosmetics company as part of a major rebrand.
the principal of a school in canberra has been suspended after it was revealed that an autistic boy was locked in a metal cage. it was announced yesterday an investigation was underway after it emerged a 10-year-old autistic bot was put in a 2m by 2m structure by his teachers at a canberra school. scroll down for video. the cage was specifically designed as a ` withdrawal space ' for the 10-year-old autistic boy. the minister said an investigation into the incident is underway. the principal has been removed from the school and two teachers with expertise in disability education have been assigned to the school.
there 's a student who misses her father : `` i have n't seen him in six years. '' the assignment sprang from the kinds of conversations teachers have all the time , schwartz said : `` what do our students need ? how can we best serve them ? '' schwartz always gives her students the option to write their names on their notes or remain anonymous ; of sharing them only with her , or with the entire class. it surprises her how often students stand up and want to read their wishes out loud , like the shy student who shared , `` i wish my teacher knew i 'm nervous all the time.
tragedy : dr. frederic brandt was battling with extreme depression before his suicide on sunday a police report revealed on tuesday. fredric brandt was suffering suicidal tendencies for just 10 days before he killed himself , revealed the police report into the tragic passing of the celebrity plastic surgeon. brandt was discovered hanged inside the garage of his coconut grove home by his friend , john joseph hupert , at around 9.15 am on easter sunday morning. according to the police report , hupert was concerned for his friend and was staying with the doctor because he was suicidal. the police report says that brandt 's psychiatrist dr. saida koita had become so worried for her patients state of mind that she ordered hupert to stay with him to monitor him.
a historic spacex launch that could change the way man gets to space blasted off today from florida under perfect conditions. within minutes of liftoff , the california company was making its third attempt to land the leftover booster on an ocean platform. billionaire founder , elon musk , tweeted : ` ascent successful. dragon enroute to space station. rocket landed on droneship , but too hard for survival. ' scroll down for video. the booster appears to have landed but elon musk said that ` excess lateral velocity ' caused it to tip over. spacex said it will post a video in the next few days , but images tweeted by musk reveal that the booster landed successfully.
grappling on the sand and roared on by a vociferous sell-out crowd , these two powerhouses of senegalese wrestling trade mighty blows with one another. the two famous wrestlers , balla gaye 2 and eumeu sene , competed in the crunch match dubbed ` le choc ' at demba diop stadium in the capital of dakar. scroll down for video. heavyweights : balla gaye -lrb- left -rrb- grapples with the bulky frame of eumeu sene at dakar 's demba diop stadium during ` le choc ' in the zone : heavyweight balla gaye 2 arrives to a ritual before the bout - but he lost to eumeu sene in ` le choc ' yesterday.
7-eleven is hosting the first bring-your-own-cup slurpee day at united states stores from 11 a.m. to 7 p.m. saturday to kick off peak slurpee season. this shot at brain freeze is n't free , but customers at participating stores can fill their `` cup '' of choice for $ 1.49 , the average cost of a medium slurpee. in-store displays with a 10-inch-diameter hole will rule out anything too ridiculously large for slurpee consumption , and cups must be sanitary. the promotion is n't to be confused with free slurpee day , traditionally celebrated each july 11 .
-lrb- cnn -rrb- the graffiti , written in a french chalk quarry and dating back almost 100 years , is plain and stark. 13/7/16. sa australia , '' reads one inscription. `` ha deanate , 148th aero squadron , usa. `` 9th batt australians , g. fitzhenry , paddington , sydney , n.s.w. , 1916 july ; alistair ross , lismore , july , '' reads a third. they were world war i soldiers , four of almost 2,000 , whose writings have recently been found underneath battlefields near naours , france , about 120 miles north of paris. photographer jeff gusky , who has been chronicling details of the site , describes the inscriptions -- and the underground city in which they were found -- as `` breathtaking.
.. do n't none of y’ all work as hard as i do - virginia. now researchers at yale university have revealed these patterns by documenting the subtle differences in sentence structure across the us. their interactive map allows you to click on a location and see common phrases for a region , as well as its source. ` unlike variation in phonology -lrb- often referred to as accent -rrb- and in the lexicon -lrb- different words -rrb- , variation in grammatical systems within english has for the most part not been systematically investigated , ' says larry horn , professor of linguistics and philosophy at yale university.
an 84-year-old man has died in hospital from severe burns to his upper body - nearly a month after he accidentally set himself on fire with a cigarette while driving along a suburban new york road. christopher flowers was traveling down chili avenue , near route 390 , in rochester on march 9 when he dropped a lit cigarette into his shirt , causing several layers of clothing to burst into flames. he immediately pulled over and tried to extract the burning cigarette from his top. as the flames surrounded the pensioner 's head , three good samaritans pulled over and frantically tried to extinguish the blaze - at first , using their hands , then by hurling the man into a snow bank.
the attorney representing a 16-year-old pennsylvania boy charged with fatally shooting a friend in the face and then taking a selfie with his lifeless body stated in court wednesday that the killing was an accident. defense attorney patrick thomassey does n't deny that maxwell morton , of jeannette , killed 16-year-old ryan mangan at mangan 's home february 4. scroll down for video. maxwell morton -lrb- left -rrb- , 16 , has been charged with murder in the death of mangan -lrb- right -rrb- , 16 , after mangan was found with a single gunshot wound to the face. headed for trial : morton , seen here being led in handcuffs into a courthouse wednesday , was ordered to stand trial for the alleged murder.
it 's been almost a fortnight since jeremy clarkson was sacked from top gear , but the news has n't stopped his estranged wife from enjoying herself after she jetted off on holiday to barbados. scroll down for video. holiday : frances clarkson , 53 , spent the easter bank holiday weekend with family and friends in barbados. the bbc announced last month they were dropping clarkson from the hit motoring show after a ` fracas ' involving a top gear producer. clarkson left oisin tymon needing hospital treatment after punching him at a hotel in hawes , north yorkshire , after staff would n't serve him a hot meal following a day of filming.
barcelona will dedicate a museum exclusively to the new york director , who picked the catalan capital for the setting of his oscar winning film , vicky cristina barcelona. the cultural centre is hoped to be housed in former arts and crafts school , la llotja , following an refurbishment of the now abandoned building. the tribute will be dedicated exclusively to the new york director , who picked barcelona for the setting of his oscar winning film , vicky cristina barcelona. mediapro group are behind the project , headed up by personal friend of allen , jaume roures , who also produced three of his films.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- australian prime minister tony abbott has been caught on camera guzzling a glass of beer in seven seconds amid raucous cheers from onlookers. and observers were quick to point out that abbott had previously criticized binge drinking in australia. abbott was in a sydney pub on saturday evening when a group of australian rules football players invited him to have a drink with them. the prime minister accepted and even gave a short , impromptu speech , one of the football coaches , simon carrodus , told the australian woman 's weekly. `` then he proceeds to reach down and grab a schooner and he drank from head-to-toe the entire schooner , dribbling little bits on his shirt ... tipped it upside down on his head.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- mike rowe is coming to a river near you. on thursday 's episode of `` somebody 's got ta do it , '' rowe meets up with chad pregracke , the founder of living lands & waters , who does just that. since he founded the nonprofit in 1998 at the ripe age of 23 , pregracke and more than 87,000 volunteers have collected 8.4 million pounds of trash from u.s. waterways. those efforts helped him earn the 2013 cnn hero of the year award , along with numerous other honors. the part-home , part-office , part-dumpster has seven bedrooms , two bathrooms , a classroom and a kitchen -- and just happens to be made from a recycled strip club.
manchester united have been brilliant in the second half of the season but the defeat at everton was a timely reminder that they still have a long way to go. united played like sunderland on a bad day -- they were that horrendous. it 's no surprise to those of us who can see his quality and importance to united , but without michael carrick they look far more beatable. i ca n't see how everton score that first goal if carrick is on the pitch. louis van gaal needs some big signings in the summer to turn manchester united into title contenders.
tv presenter lisa oldfield decided she had to make a change to tackle her weight after her son sketched an unflattering portrait of her. the 40-year-old former channel 9 host said she barely recognised herself in the drawing , and was horrified to think her sons harry , 4 , and bert , 2 , saw her that way. scroll down for video. tv presenter lisa oldfield decided she had to make a change to tackle her weight after her son drew this unflattering portrait of her. oldfield shared with daily mail australia a picture of her stomach when she removed bandages after the surgery.
mariel hemingway was just 16 years old when she starred as woody allen 's teenage girlfriend in the controversial romantic-comedy ` manhattan '. but despite her grandfather 's success , there was a dark side to her last name , which the now 53-year-old has recounted in two new novels , released tuesday. on top of the world : mariel hemingway , 53 , has her life in order and has written two revealing books about growing up in a family riddled with depression , alcoholism and suicides. independent : mariel hemingway , the granddaughter to literary legend ernest hemingway , had written a new book where she describes overcoming the legacy of mental illness , addiction , and suicide in her family.
kfc has come under fire for hiring a food stylist in a bid to change its image. the third programme in the series focused on the methods employed by the creative team behind kfc 's rebranding exercise and showed scenes of a food stylist using hairdryers and tweezers when preparing the food for an advertisement. scroll down for video. bbc one 's the billion dollar chicken shop showed the inner workings of the fast food giant. this kfc ultimate burger -lrb- pictured -rrb- has not been styled by a food stylist. in the final episode , which aired yesterday , kfc is shown about to launch their new pulled chicken range which consists of a twister , a mini wrap and the ultimate burger -lrb- pulled chicken piled on top of fried chicken pieces -rrb-.
the u.s. senate voted on. thursday to approve loretta lynch as president barack obama 's. next attorney general , ending a five-month deadlock that made. lynch wait longer for confirmation than the last seven attorneys. the first black woman to become the top u.s. law enforcement. official , lynch , 55 , was approved by a 56-43 vote. curiously absent from the final vote was texas senator ted cruz - a key opponent of lynch 's nomination. he was the only member of the senate who did not cast a vote. a copy of a cruz for president invitation later began flying around twitter that showed the gop presidential candidate had skipped town early to make an appearance at a fundraiser at the home of former texas rangers owner and billionaire tom hicks.
a los angeles judge agreed with the governor 's decision to reject parole for a charles manson follower imprisoned 43 years for two brutal murders. bruce davis ' record shows there is ` some evidence ' he is dangerous and should n't be freed , superior court judge william c. ryan wrote in a decision filed wednesday. davis , 72 , was convicted in the 1969 slayings of musician gary hinman and stuntman donald ` shorty ' shea and sentenced to life in prison in 1972. then and now : bruce davis , charles manson 's former follower -lrb- pictured left in 1970 and right in march 2014 -rrb- , has been denied parole after spending 43 years in prison for a double homicide in 1969.
there are nearly 5,000 `` gems '' scattered across the country , ranging from museums to archaeological areas and monuments. italy boasts the highest number of unesco world heritage sites in the world -- 50 , several of which risk crumbling to the ground due to neglect and lack of public resources. the unesco-listed basilica of assisi , where st. frances ' tomb lies , is just the last of a series of national shames. in a desperate move the monks have launched a crowdfunding project to raise 500,000 euros. we 're talking of one of the biggest pilgrimage sites in the world -- not to mention its artistic value.
show creator david chase went through the famous final scene for dga quarterly and revealed the reasoning behind each shot. what he did n't reveal , however , was whether series protagonist tony soprano lives or dies. ` sopranos ' ending ? let it be. for those who do n't recall the finale , which aired in june 2007 , mobster tony soprano is meeting his family for dinner at holsten 's , a real-life diner and ice cream parlor in bloomfield , new jersey. he could be anybody , but given tony 's life , he could a hitman assigned to kill tony.
the stars of married at first sight embark on their honeymoons on tonight 's episode of the fyi series , but all three of the couples quickly find themselves experiencing some serious trouble in paradise. jaclyn methuen , who nearly left husband ryan ranellone at the altar because she deemed him too unattractive , continues to put her new husband in the ` friend zone ' during their romantic trip to puerto rico and at one point the 30-year-old even admits to him that she wanted to be a runaway bride. i just feel pure disappointment , ' ryan , 29 , says in a web exclusive clip from the episode.
' it turns out , there are things that you can do to make you feel slightly happier everyday. researcher and education expert at the university of east anglia , dr teresa belton , believes that people living modestly tend to find more satisfaction in their lives. simple activities such as inviting someone out for a cup of tea , singing in a community choir and practicing good posture can all improve general wellbeing. this is because they are all activities that generate a sense of belonging , and help the person adopt confident habits. the 62-year-old believes simple acts such as straightening posture -lrb- left -rrb- and joining a community choir -lrb- right -rrb- can increase happiness levels over time.
louis van gaal could n't let the moment pass. manchester united had just rattled off their 13th home win of the season and the dutchman wanted to crank up the pressure. a comfortable victory over aston villa , inspired by two goals from the excellent ander herrera and crowned by wayne rooney 's magnificent strike , had seen united leap above manchester city in the table for the first time since november 23 , 2013. but now , as they head into their latest local squabble , there is mounting confidence around old trafford that united will not surrender their position.
andrew o'clee , 36 , hid his secret second family from his first wife and has been jailed for eight months , pictured outside chichester crown court yesterday. a bigamist was caught out when his first wife discovered his secret second marriage -- on facebook. serial cheat o'clee had tried to cover his tracks by claiming he was involved in a fraud case and had been put into the witness protection programme which meant he had to live in a ` safe house ' for long periods. yesterday the former soldier was jailed for eight months after a court heard about the web of ` lies and forgery ' lasting four years.
the size of sky sports ' gamble in paying an astonishing # 11millon a game to retain their premier league tv rights has led to the company having to re-address their entire sports strategy. this will see sky concentrate on their live rights in every sport while reducing the support programming and those leaving the network are not being automatically replaced. sky sports will pay # 11millon a game to broadcast premier league football for three years starting in 2016. graeme souness , thierry henry and ed chamberlain on sky 's super sunday coverage of the premier league. sky claim the strategy talk - rather than plain cost cutting - was preparing the station for the varied demands of a multi-platform future where a thierry henry video on sky 's youtube channel can become more important than traditional programme making.
making medical history : mother-of-13 annegret raunigk , 65 , from berlin , who is due to give birth to quadruplets in weeks. but annegret raunigk is set to become the oldest woman in the world to have quadruplets -- at the age of 65. the german primary school teacher will give birth in a matter of weeks to four babies , conceived following 18 months of fertility treatment. ' she is in her 21st week of pregnancy after being artificially inseminated , using both donated sperm and eggs. the identity of the babies ' father is unknown. ' miss raunigk , who teaches english and russian , said her gynaecologist mentioned the possibility of an abortion but she decided against this option.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- in 2013 , `` the bible '' broke ratings records on the history channel , so of course , a sequel was ordered up -- and this one is on nbc. the new miniseries from mark burnett and roma downey is one of six shows to watch this week. 1. the bible continues , '' 9 p.m. et sunday , nbc. just in time for easter , the peacock network debuts the `` bible '' sequel , picking up with jesus ' resurrection and following the early days of christianity. nbc scored on picking up the follow-up to the smash cable hit , starring juan pablo di pace as jesus and greta scacchi as mary -lrb- replacing downey in the role -rrb-.
becky schoenig of st. louis , missouri was shocked when she realized her brand new 2015 ford fusion had been stolen from her driveway on monday night , just a little over a month after she took the car home. then , on april 1 , schoenig was shocked to learn that police had found her car after receiving a tip from a man who recognized the vehicle as schoenig 's and would be returning it to her - but with a few minor changes. scroll down for video. bling : becky schoenig was shocked when her stolen car was located and returned to her with new red rims and detailing -lrb- above -rrb-.
who has been liverpool 's player of the season ? had you asked that question 12 months ago , the answer would have been glaring : luis suarez. for his 31 goals and his breathtaking displays , the accolade could only have gone to the uruguayan. had it been a ` normal ' season , steven gerrard , daniel sturridge , philippe coutinho and raheem sterling would all have been worthy recipients. jordan henderson was outstanding. martin skrtel was a big presence. luis suarez was clearly liverpool 's player of last season after the striker scored 31 goals in the campaign.
boston -lrb- cnn -rrb- guilty across the board. but will he face death ? after deliberating for 11 1/2 hours , jurors found dzhokhar tsarnaev guilty on wednesday of all 30 counts he faced in the boston marathon bombing trial. seventeen of the 30 counts were capital charges , meaning he is eligible for the death penalty. the trial will next move into a penalty phase , where the jury will hear testimony and arguments from both sides and ultimately be tasked with deciding whether tsarnaev , 21 , will be executed. jurors will be asked to weigh aggravating factors such as the heinousness of his crimes against mitigating factors such as his family and mental health history , as well as his relative youth.
when adam lyons ' story was published last week , many were stunned by his polyamorous relationship and how he gets to share his life - and his bed - with two beautiful women. the women say they do not ` share ' adam but are in a ` unique ' situation where they both love him - as well as each other. scroll down for video. brooke , right , and jane appeared on today 's this morning with boyfriend adam to explain how their polyamorous relationship works and makes them all happy. ' brooke has a five-year-old son , oliver , from a previous relationship and has just had another baby , danté , with adam.
adding to our divisions is a harsh public atmosphere where politicians are preoccupied with how they can win the next election or give the best sound bite , and where lobby groups work to protect their narrow self-interests while ignoring a broader vision of what is best for our country. i felt called to help after knowing that members of 350,000 ohio families had lost their jobs and were looking to get back on their feet. ohio is much stronger today. we 've gone from losing 350,000 private-sector jobs to creating about 340,000 new ones. we 've gone from very high taxes across the board to the largest tax cuts in of any state in america , including tax cuts for the working poor.
-lrb- the hollywood reporter -rrb- richard dysart , the emmy-winning actor who portrayed the cranky senior partner leland mckenzie in the slick , long-running nbc drama `` l.a. law , '' has died. dysart , who also played coach in the original 1972 broadway production of jason miller 's pulitzer prize-winning `` that championship season , '' died sunday at home in santa monica after a long illness , his wife , artist kathryn jacobi , told the hollywood reporter. the acclaimed `` l.a. law '' -- created by steven bochco -lrb- who eventually handed off the series to david e. kelley -rrb- and terry louise fisher -- aired for eight seasons from 1986 to 1994.
a woman who weighs 400lbs has told how men are paying her around $ 1,500 -lrb- # 1,000 -rrb- a month to let them watch her devour fast food and sugary treats on camera. new yorker sarah reign , 26 , describes herself as a ` feedee ' , who gorges on junk food in various states of undress to titillate paying male viewers. after working shifts as a security guard at a factory , miss reign disrobes down to her underwear and switches on her webcam. miss reign , who weighs 26 stone , says she enjoyed eating so much , she decided to turn it into a job.
cleared : 53-year-old graeme finlay , a former naval serviceman. a cruise ship passenger was yesterday cleared of beating up two elderly holidaymakers in a row over rudeness at the dinner table. graeme finlay , 53 , went on trial after retired engineer ron phillips , 70 , and his wife june , 69 , were knocked unconscious in the incident outside their cabin on board the thomson celebration luxury liner. after being cleared finlay , an ex-naval serviceman from glasgow , said : ` it 's been hell. ' the frail couple accused finlay of an unprovoked attack that left the grandfather with a gash to his forehead and his wife with two fractured vertebrae.
a talented body painter is travelling across america merging members of the public into beautiful backgrounds. for each work natalie travels to a certain spot in the country before selecting volunteers - not models - who she then paints. scroll down for video. talented body-painter natalie fletcher has been travelling around the united states painting different people in each town - here she painted two people as a brick wall in carolina. each work takes here between 45 minutes and three hours to complete , with her subjects wearing only underwear whilst being painted. creative natalie , from bend in oregon , usa , hopes to complete the entire series by september this year.
four men have been caught on cctv robbing a service station and packing $ 38,000 worth of cigarettes into a doona cover. the group of men , all wearing hooded jumpers , gloves and masking their faces , broke into the service station on burwood highway , tecoma in melbourne 's outer east on april 2. scroll down for video. four men have been caught on cctv robbing a service station in tecomba , melbourne. they are all wanted by victoria police for a series of break-ins on at least five different establishments in the area. police revealed that the first man had a solid build and was wearing a white hooded jumper with a dark hood over the top , red pants and runners.
scroll down for video. the ` love call ' notes are posted at traffic lights on sydney 's george street near australia square. the ` love call ' notices , posted on george street at australia square in sydney 's cbd , are appealing to the man with ` the most beautiful smile ' who was in the area about ' 7:10 pm-ish ' on tuesday evening. ' people struggled against the heavy rain and strong winds in the sydney cbd as the storm lashed nsw on tuesday this week.
while the other members of the newcastle five have managed a paltry 44 minutes of football between them , the slovenian has positively thrived at rangers. so much so , in fact , that he admits any possibility of staying at ibrox beyond the end of this season would be an immensely attractive option. vuckic has denied a report on tyneside stating he had already declared his intention to quit st james park , where he has one year left on his contract. haris vuckic has thrived at rangers under new manager stuart mccall. by then , he will also know whether rangers have fulfilled their aim of promotion via the play-offs.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- on the eve of the one-year mark since nearly 300 schoolgirls were abducted by boko haram in nigeria , malala yousafzai released an `` open letter '' to the girls monday. the 17-year-old nobel peace prize winner survived an attack by the taliban , which had singled her out for blogging from pakistan about the importance of staying in school. in the letter , she calls on the nigerian government and the international community to do more to rescue the girls. nigeria recently held an election. on april 14 , 2014 , islamists with boko haram kidnapped the girls , prompting an international campaign for their safe return , which used the hashtag #bringbackourgirls.
the owners of an oregon goldmine have called in gun-toting right-wing militiamen amid a bitter land use dispute with the u.s. government. tensions have remained high at the sugar pine mine near medford after the facility was served with a federal stop-work order. the owners summoned armed guards from the conservative oath keepers activist network ahead of a major protest outside local offices of the bureau of land management yesterday. protests : a sugar pine miner supporter holds a anti-blm sign at a rally outside the bureau of land management 's offices in medford on thursday. co-owner rick barclay acted after receiving a stop-work order last month when officials said they found equipment on site indicating operations inconsistent with standard mine development requirements.
paul gregory , 51 , of bedford , has been fined # 795 for having a blue badge , claiming he could only walk 200 metres , when in fact he was a keen walker. a disability badge holder who claimed he could only walk 200 metres ended up in court after council officials noticed a newspaper report recounting his exploits on a 191-mile hike. he was exposed when bedford borough council staff read an article in the westmorland gazette , describing how the ` experienced walker ' had been attacked by cows in cumbria on the third day of a hike in 2012.
easter is here ! and whilst many australians are enjoying an abundance of sugary treats , many are wondering how much it 's going to cost them around the waistline. ' this means that the energy we put into our bodies through food and drink must be equated with exercise to burn the energy and avoid gaining weight. a small chocolate bunny contains 2212 kjs and would take an hour and ten minutes of swimming to work off. indulging in two hot cross buns -lrb- without jam and butter -rrb- will take up to 50 minutes of running to work off.
he 's been mocked for his inability to eat a bacon sandwich properly and likened to cartoon character wallace - but that did n't prevent ed miliband from coming top in the sex appeal stakes during last night 's debate. moments after the labour leader finished speaking , fans took to twitter to coo adoringly about his ` sexy grey tie ' and his smouldering looks. one rather breathless tweet read : ` miliband is totally talking to me and no one else , you sexy beast. so hot right now : ed miliband 's looks proved a hit with twitter users during last night 's debate.
new york -lrb- cnn -rrb- when liana barrientos was 23 years old , she got married in westchester county , new york. a year later , she got married again in westchester county , but to a different man and without divorcing her first husband. in an application for a marriage license , she stated it was her `` first and only '' marriage. barrientos , now 39 , is facing two criminal counts of `` offering a false instrument for filing in the first degree , '' referring to her false statements on the 2010 marriage license application , according to court documents.
the red wings ' drew miller says he 's eager to hit the ice again just a day after receiving a cut that could have cost him his eyesight. gruesome : miller was left with a scar across his eye , but reportedly did n't suffer any damage to his eyesight after another player cut him across his face. the incident occurred shortly after a faceoff during the first period of tuesday 's game between the red wings and the senators. while battling for the puck , ottawa 's mark stone lost his balance and lifted his right skate backwards in an arc , catching miller just under his visor.
sorry , but it 's true. you get the football version of mopping up the toilets. chris ramsey , the only black manager in the premier league , is a classic example. ramsey is a fine coach who has been overlooked for countless jobs. chris ramsey -lrb- right -rrb- and kevin hitchcock watch qpr hammer west brom to keep their survival hopes alive. ramsey takes nots during his side 's biggest win of the season which gave their survival chances a boost. he took the qpr position after harry redknapp , a talented , experienced manager with a good track record of rescuing clubs in trouble , saw the writing on the wall and got out.
daniel levy reportedly told the tottenham hotspur supporters ' trust that after the problems reinvesting the money received for gareth bale , future transfer policy would entail the purchase of young players , priced between # 10-15million with good potential for resale. elite clubs , those who challenge for the biggest trophies , do not buy with one eye on selling and this strategy would set tottenham back a decade to a time when they helped solve problems at manchester united by trading top performers such as michael carrick and dimitar berbatov. indeed , the only time tottenham demonstrated real champions league potential was when levy resisted the likes of chelsea over luka modric.
all hungry leo wanted was one of his dog biscuits to chew on. the dog caused a severe fire after managing to switch on the cooker while trying to reach his dog treats. the heat from one of the hob 's rings set fire to a child 's seat that had been left resting on the electric appliance. fire starter : hungry leo almost burned down his owner 's home as he hunted for his dog treats. the blaze was started after the staffordshire-boxer cross was believed to have knocked one of the cooker knobs , switching on the hob. smoke began to fill the three storey home in peckham , south-east london , as owner allen mosey 's son , 21 , and his daughter 's boyfriend relaxed in upstairs rooms.
top-ranked serena williams had to fight back from a set down and figure out how to deal with strong winds before overcoming italy 's sara errani 4-6 , 7-6 -lrb- 3 -rrb- , 6-3 in a fed cup play-off sunday , giving the united states a 2-1 lead in the best-of-five series. while williams held a massive 70-7 lead in winners , she committed nearly three times as many unforced errors as the 15th-ranked errani. serena williams fought back to beat italian sara errani in the fed cup play-off on sunday. next up , brindisi-born flavia pennetta was facing 65th-ranked christina mchale , followed by a potentially decisive doubles match.
ronnie o'sullivan will tackle a crucible debutant in the first round of the betfred world championship which starts in sheffield on saturday. five-time winner o'sullivan will face manchester 's craig steadman , who at 32 is set for his bow at the sport 's most prestigious tournament. ronnie o'sullivan will play 32-year-old debutant craig steadman in the first round of the world championship. defending champion mark selby will play norwegian kurt maflin at the crucible on saturday. judd trump v stuart carrington. the tournament runs from april 18 to may 4. ' i would n't have minded getting there when i was 18 , when i had a full head of hair and i was better looking.
disciplining a child for doing something wrong is a tricky business. coming up with a punishment that will teach a son or daughter not to commit the crime again but is n't harsh enough to scar them for life is tough. often , the best schemes are ones that embarrass a child so that they are too mortified to consider falling foul of their parents again. one thing 's for sure , when most parents put their mind to disciplining their child , a trip to the naughty step starts to look like a weekend a way at butlins. douglerful said : ` my mom loves her garden , anytime i did anything to piss her off i had to add to her garden.
police are now urging witnesses of a middle-aged woman 's offensive public transport tirade at a muslim woman to come forward after daily mail australia published video of the incident. stacey eden , 23 , stood up for the muslim woman and her partner after witnessing the ranter ` bullying ' the sydney commuter on an airport line train around 1:40 pm on wednesday afternoon. a police spokeswoman contacted daily mail australia on thursday to say they would ` definitely encourage ' witnesses of the incident to come forward. ' ms eden said she became really upset after the woman allegedly branded ` all muslims isis supporters ' and insulted the woman 's husband and headscarf.
a woman who is five months pregnant and was fired from her job at popeyes after an armed robber made off with $ 400 on her shift says she has been offered her job. the mother-of-three was held at gunpoint on march 31 , however she was fired when she refused to pay back the money that was stolen , with the store saying she should not have allowed so much cash to be in the till at one time. now popeyes have offered to take holcomb back and have offered her $ 2,000 in backpay , since she has been out of work for almost one month.
australia 's ` tiny hearts and balls of steel ' , it 's apparently the perfect combination in dealing with asylum seeker boats , and a policy which could be copied by britain , according to a british commentator. controversial the sun columnist katie hopkins has heaped praise on tony abbott 's government for its success in stopping the boats , which was a key election plank. scroll down for video. ` threaten them with violence until they bugger off '. controversial uk commentator katie hopkins has written that australia 's approach of having ` balls of steel and tiny hearts ' should be followed as policy by the brits.
-lrb- the hollywood reporter -rrb- andrew lesnie , the oscar-winning cinematographer who spent more than a decade collaborating with director peter jackson on the six `` lord of the rings `` and `` hobbit '' films , has died. the sydney native , who also worked with new zealander jackson on the remake of `` king kong '' -lrb- 2005 -rrb- and `` the lovely bones '' -lrb- 2009 -rrb- , suffered a heart attack monday. said a spokesman from the australian cinematographers society : `` we have been advised of the sudden death of andrew , '' adding that his family would provide an official statement later.
the catholic church has been accused of blocking the appointment of the first ever homosexual ambassador to vatican city. laurent stefanini , 55 , was in january asked by french president francois hollande to represent their country at the holy see. the appointment was met ` with a stony silence ' by the vatican -lrb- pictured -rrb- , according to french media. le monde newspaper reported that mr stefanini was a practising catholic but his proposed move from head of protocol at the elysee had ` not received the agreement of the vatican 's administration '. ' this is despite the fact that mr stefanini worked as number two to the french ambassador at the vatican , the smallest country in europe , between 2001 and 2005.
after working at microsoft , he moved over to threadflip to be their chief product officer. alongside iyer 's savings , his wife shreya , 34 , is supporting the family with her job as a recruitment manager at data analytics firm splunk. ' iyer is part of a growing faction of men who are subverting the traditional parental set-up to spend more time with their children. according to a recent study by pew research , 46 per cent of fathers are dissatisfied with the amount of time they spend with their children. '
a photographer has described the horror of being left almost completely blind in one eye by her contact lens. lucy garrod , now 27 , developed an ulcer known as a corneal abrasion , caused by a bacterial infection which grew under her right lens. lucy garrod , 27 , was left partially blind in her right eye after bacteria began growing underneath her contact lens , causing an ulcer known as a corneal abrasion. a few days later her eye was still swollen and bloodshot so she went to hospital , where tests revealed the corneal abrasion. doctors said the ulcer was growing on the surface of her eye , millimetres away from permanently blinding her.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- the rev. robert h. schuller , california televangelist and founder of the television ministry `` hour of power , '' died thursday , according to his family. schuller , also the founder of crystal cathedral megachurch , had been diagnosed with esophageal cancer in august 2013 , a release from `` hour of power '' said. in his autobiography , `` prayer : my soul 's adventure with god , '' he described standing alone by a river and picturing himself delivering sermons to a rapt congregation. after attending a hope college and western theological seminary in michigan , he met his wife of more than 60 years , arvella , while preaching at her church -lrb- she was the organist -rrb-.
england captain alastair cook completed a much-needed century on the second morning of england 's opening tour match in the west indies. england captain alastair cook completed a century on the second morning of england 's opening tour match. a controlled thick edge from the first ball of the day brought him an 11th boundary of the innings and in the following over he punched the ball for two off the back foot. he offered a gentle wave of the bat and a handshake to partner gary ballance and walked off on 101 from 200 deliveries. that allowed ian bell to arrive at the crease , with batting time more important to the tourists than attempting to force a result in this two-day fixture.
north vs south - it 's perhaps the fiercest argument between the people of england and this week we 've started a fresh debate based on football. we have assembled two dream teams - one featuring players from the premier league clubs in the south of england and the other featuring northern-based stars. we then sent the all-star teams to our friends at football manager , who have simulated the match. here 's what happened ... so , now we know : the south has the edge over the north for footballing talent. alexis sanchez and harry kane were the heroes as the southern all-stars came out on top in our simulated clash between the premier league 's best players from the north and south.
virtual reality may still seem like a hobby reserved for hardcore gamers , but as headsets drop in price it is on the verge of becoming mainstream. it has created a virtual reality headset that works with any android and ios phone and is compatible with hundreds of virtual reality apps from the respective stores. it additionally lets people watch 3d movies - all for the relatively cheap price of # 29.99 -lrb- $ 45 -rrb-. scroll down for video. the immerse virtual reality headset -lrb- pictured -rrb- is available from firebox for # 29.95 -lrb- $ 45 -rrb-. it works with any android and ios phone that can run virtual reality apps from the respective stores , and will play any 3d movie.
ten-year-old twin brothers obsessed with naval history had their passion come to life as they heard first-hand battle stories from their new best friend - 89-year-old world war ii veteran , robert harding. carter and jack hanson , who live in raleigh , north carolina , met their hero on the yorktown - a retired carrier in charleston , where mr harding served as an aircraft handler decades before , cbs reported. scroll down for video. world war ii veteran bob harding , of oklahoma , began exchanging emails with carter and jack hanson of raleigh , north carolina about a year ago.
a freak snowstorm was captured on video engulfing a bridge and then a river in a matter of seconds in russia. the incredible weather event took place in siberia 's third largest city , krasnoyarsk , and shows the moment snow and sleet plunge the yenisei river into darkness. the snowstorm moved at a speed of 45mph and engulfed the kommunalnyi bridge in a matter of seconds. suddenly the storm grows in size and begins moving at a speed of 45mph towards the kommunalnyi bridge , which it instantly dwarfs with its size. flecks of snow can be seen in the air as the large cloud becomes increasingly grey in colour and the bridge disappears from view.
the good news for celtic is that they have an immediate opportunity to both vent their frustration and exorcise any sense of helplessness created by sunday 's controversial scottish cup semi-final loss. the bad news ? ronny deila 's men looked like a tired team by time-up at hampden. as hard as they may have worked at building exactly the stamina needed for this stage of the season , having to play for some 70 minutes -- including extra time -- with 10 men inevitably left them appearing more than a little leggy. celtic left back emilo izaguirre has called on his team-mates to focus their attention on winning the league title.
acetaminophen is the main ingredient in the over-the-counter pain reliever tylenol. this is according to a new study that claims acetaminophen -lrb- paracetamol -rrb- - the main ingredient in the over-the-counter pain reliever tylenol and paracetamol - has the ability to weaken feelings of happiness and sadness. acetaminophen has been in use for more than 70 years , but this is the first time that this side effect has been discovered. previous research had shown that acetaminophen works not only on physical pain , but also on psychological pain. this study takes those results one step further by showing that it also reduces how much users actually feel positive emotions , said geoffrey durso , lead author at the ohio state university.
the california highway patrol says the boys died sunday afternoon despite the father of one of the kids jumping into the water and pulling both children to shore. investigators say the 5-year-old , identified as blake cronkhite , was driving the 50cc atv , and his younger friend , jayden secrest , was on the back. scroll down for video. crash : the boys were riding this kid-size 50cc atv , with blake at the wheel and jayden on the back. watery grave : the 5-year-old lost control of the vehicle and the atv plunged into this large pond. chp officer david martinez said monday that the agency 's investigation has focused on how the boys ended up in the pond and how well adults were supervising them while riding.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- a video shoot in nepal for an internet comedy series took a serious turn on saturday as the earth began rumbling. the nepali pranksters were in the middle of shooting an episode for their hidden camera series when the magnitude-7 .8 earthquake broke out. the nepali pranksters ' videos show people 's reactions to various `` pranks '' that challenge cultural norms. one video shows the pranksters walking up to strangers and taking their hands for a long , awkward , handshake ; another shows them complimenting men and women on their clothes and appearance , with mixed results.
moscow -lrb- cnn -rrb- joy womack is taking part in her first ballet class of the day at the kremlin ballet theatre , kicking her legs up to her head , jumping and spinning across the room. after class , she eats boiled sweets , one after another -- they are a cheap form of energy. the dancer , raised in california and texas , left her parents and eight brothers and sisters behind when she arrived in russia six years ago , aged 15 , speaking no russian. but in 2013 she left under a cloud -- media reports suggested she had claimed she was asked by an unnamed boshoi official to pay $ 10,000 to dance in even small roles.
an australian teenager has joined the puffy pout craze by using a shot glass to pump up her lips to ridiculous proportions. in an attempt to emulate kylie jenner 's bee-stung pout , violeta got the shock of her life when she removed the shot glass and suddenly had such protruding lips that social media users compared her to a duck. scroll down for video. in an attempt to emulate kylie jenner 's bee-stung pout , violeta had such protruding lips that social media users have compared her to a duck. violeta has joined the #kyliejennerchallenge by placing a shot glass over her mouth so the vacuum of air causes the lips to swell.
after a weekend when special goals were the norm in the premier league , it 's not an easy task to pick the best of the bunch. from jermain defoe 's match-winning volley in the tyne-wear derby on sunday , to charlie adam 's audacious long-range effort against chelsea on saturday evening , there 's plenty to choose from. here , sportsmail 's jamie redknapp picks his top five goals of the weekend and explains why they 've made his list. 5. alexis sanchez -lrb- arsenal -rrb- vs liverpool. it just shows the calibre of the goals scored this weekend. the chilean took a brilliant first touch before spinning to lash it home and cap a fine arsenal move -- and a breathless first half.
a shocking surveillance video showing a mob of teenagers beating two high school students on a subway platform has been released. the footage captured at spring garden station in philadelphia on tuesday shows the group of youngsters viciously attacking the victims just seconds before the train pulls into the station. they then pull them to the ground , punch them and repeatedly stamp on their heads. brawl : the footage captured at spring garden station in philadelphia on tuesday shows the group of youngsters viciously attacking the victims. other parts of the brawl are hidden from the cameras behind pillars in the subway station.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- relations between iran and saudi arabia have always been thorny , but rarely has the state of affairs been as venomous as it is today. tehran and riyadh each point to the other as the main reason for much of the turmoil in the middle east. for riyadh and its regional allies , the saudi military intervention in yemen -- `` operation decisive storm '' -- is the moment the sunni arab nation finally woke up to repel the expansion of shia-iranian influence. for tehran and its regional allies -- including the houthi movement in yemen -- saudi arabia 's actions are in defense of a retrogressive status quo order that is no longer tenable.
an australian doctor is the face of the latest islamic state propaganda video in which the terrorist organisation announces the launch of its own health service in syria. the propaganda video shows a man with an australian accent who calls himself ` abu yusuf ' and calls on foreign doctors to travel to the isis stronghold raqqa to help launch the ishs -lrb- the islamic state health service -rrb- , which appears to be mimicking britain 's national health service. scroll down for video. an australian doctor who calls himself ` abu yusuf ' is geatured in the latest islamic state propaganda video in which the terrorist organisation announces the launch of the islamic state health service.
harvey weinstein 's wife georgina chapman today gushed online about her ` wonderful husband ' - just days after it emerged he would not face criminal charges for allegedly groping an italian model. in an apparent effort to push past the scandal , the british-born fashion designer , who turned 39 on tuesday , shared an instagram image of a large bouquet of flowers he had bought for her. scroll down for video. moving on : georgina chapman , who is married to harvey weinstein , shared this image to her instagram page on tuesday , with the caption : ` thank you for my beautiful flowers !!! #wonderfulhusband #birthday.
when jason archinaco 's wife said she wanted to get a fourth cat , it is unlikely that this is quite the addition to the household she imagined. because , since monday , the family have been sharing their home with arguably los angeles ' most famous mountain lion , p-22. scroll down for video. new home : the lion - known as p-22 - was found by workers in the crawl space at midday on monday. rescue : attempts to get the lion to move out - including firing tennis balls - have so far been unsuccessful. resident : the beautiful animal may have been living in the crawlspace for some time before being discovered.
the man accused of murdering bride-to-be stephanie scott is like an invisible man in the small rural town he moved to just 13 months ago. the 24-year-old man charged with the murder of local english and drama teacher ms scott on easter sunday was born in tasmania and lived in holland with his family before returning to australia as an adult. vincent stanford moved into a single-storey home with his mother and elder brother in leeton , in the riverina region of new south wales , which is 550 kilometres south-west of sydney and 450km north of melbourne , with just a small bag of belongings each.
stephan lichtsteiner could tell eden hazard and paul pogba were going to be special after training with them , and the defender has tipped kingsley coman to be the next big thing. lichtsteiner played with hazard at lille and currently stars alongside pogba at juventus , where he feels he is watching 18-year-old forward coman being sculpted into a special player. stephan lichtsteiner -lrb- left -rrb- pictured with paul pogba -lrb- right -rrb- as the pair celebrate a goal for juventus in 2013. pogba celebrates with his team-mates leonardo bonucci , lichtsteiner and kwadwo asamoah in 2013. lichtsteiner -lrb- back row , third from left -rrb- with pogba -lrb- back row , far right -rrb- and kingsley coman -lrb- front row , far left -rrb-.
tottenham 's danish star christian eriksen may not have found the net since january , but the midfielder still knows how to score when the opportunity presents itself. the spurs midfielder was spotted smooching with stunning girlfriend sabrina kvist jensen in central london as he enjoyed a night off. tottenham midfielder christian eriksen was pictured kissing girlfriend sabrina kvist in central london. eriksen , who joined spurs in the summer of 2013 , has been with girlfriend kvist for almost three years. eriksen started this season in tremendous form , with nine premier league goals as spurs pushed for a champions league place.
it is easy to understand the distaste that so many feel for floyd mayweather jr.. he is brash , he can be crass , and when it comes to being a braggart , he is the undisputed world champion. he is the cartoon embodiment of the excess for which his adopted home town of las vegas is notorious. he has tossed handfuls of $ 100 bills into the air at a strip club and hurled wads of cash into a swimming pool so he could amuse himself by watching girls dive to retrieve them. the mouthguard he will wear during ` the fight of the century ' with manny pacquiao at the mgm grand on saturday night cost $ 25,000 and is inlaid with a $ 100 bill.
every rock band has a face. but what if they were seen as one ? in an unusual project by men 's face product company west coast shaving , each member of history 's most esteemed rock bands are blended into one. scroll down for video. the face of rock : the members of 30 legendary bands are blended into 30 single faces. at first glance , the photo for the beatles looks like a blurry picture of a young paul mccartney. kurt cobain is clearly visible in nirvana 's merged shot. and the features of eddie van halen dominate the image of van halen.
royal mail is to issue a set of stamps marking 200 years since the birth of anthony trollope -- the victorian novelist who also introduced post boxes to the uk in the 1850s. the first boxes were erected in jersey in 1852 as a trial before appearing across mainland britain. the new colour was introduced in 1874 and it took 10 years to repaint all post boxes. red has remained the standard colour for uk boxes with only a few exceptions , one being blue post boxes for overseas mail. there are now 115,300 post boxes in the uk. sue whalley , royal mail 's chief operating officer , said : ` we are delighted to contribute to this year 's bicentenary celebrations of the birth of anthony trollope.
massachusetts senator elizabeth warren says she 's relieved dzhokhar tsarnaev has been found guilty of carrying out the boston bombing - the greatest tragedy in her state 's recent history - but does n't believe he should be executed. in an interview with cbs this morning on thursday , warren reacted to wednesday 's jury verdict which found the 21-year-old guilty on all 30 charges related to the boston marathon explosions which killed three and injured hundreds at the finish line. when asked what she would like to see happen in the penalty stage of the trial , liberal-minded warren stuck by her anti-death penalty stance.
the former 800 world title-holder and 2012 olympic silver medalist won in 2 minutes , 5.05 seconds in stellenbosch , near cape town , making her move on the last corner and pulling away from the field through the final 50 meters. semenya 's winning time was just over four seconds off the qualifying mark for the worlds in beijing in august , but she has run sparingly over the last three years because of injury problems. caster semenya reclaimed the south african 800-meter title on saturday after an injury-hit spell. semenya 's winning time was just over four seconds off the qualifying mark for the worlds in beijing.
frozen salt and vinegar crisp , anyone ? we all know freezing is a great way of preserving foods. but believe it or not , the process can make some things taste even better. from cakes to curries , freezing brings out more of their flavour and boosts the texture. if you think nothing beats the gooey deliciousness of a home-made cake fresh from the oven , think again. resist the temptation to cut that first slice straight away and , instead , put your cake into the freezer. scroll down for video. the gooey deliciousness of a cake fresh out of the oven is unbeatable but they can dry out and get stale very quickly.
texas was hit with more than two inches of rain and tennis ball-sized hail stones in just 15 minutes. hundreds were evacuated from a circus big top after the weather system tore through the sides during an acrobatics show in angleton on friday night. more than 1000 homes lost power between houston and dallas on saturday. scroll down for video. swamped : texas was reportedly hit with two inches of rain water in 15 minutes over the weekend. the storm is expected to move up toward chicago in the next few days - while the north east enjoys balmy spring weather.
the february afternoon we arrived in adelaide , the mercury was whizzing up to a sizzling 46c and the south australian city was the hottest place on the planet. the temperature had climbed above 40c for a whole week and even the aussies were struggling. sian lloyd enjoys a glass of clare valley riesling at skillogalee winery north of adelaide in south australia. sian meets team sky 's geraint thomas -lrb- centre -rrb- and sir chris hoy -lrb- right -rrb- at the start of the tour down under. sian takes a ride ahead of the tour down under in adelaide -lrb- left -rrb- and meets a bouncy local kangaroo.
the slip has n't happened and liverpool are looking strong. they are top of the league with six games to go and only manchester city are better placed , theoretically , with two games in hand to make up a four-point deficit. dejected manchester city players during their 4-2 derby defeat to manchester united on sunday. jubilant liverpool players celebrate raheem sterling 's opening goal against newcastle united on monday. man city currently have a four-point lead over liverpool in the race for the final champions league place. today , the last meaningful race among the top teams is between liverpool and city.
the mystery hero who raced to the edge of a cliff and pulled a driver from his precariously-balanced car has been identified as a 29-year-old man who fled the scene to go to work. jason warnock was named as the hero who rescued 23-year-old mathew sitko after he crashed his car on wednesday morning , causing it to hang off a canyon cliff in lewiston , idaho. a photo of the moment he pulled the panicked man from the wrecked car was shared online as authorities tried to identify him. incredible rescue : jason warnock , 29 , has been identified as the man who saved matthew sitko , 23 , from his car as it dangled over a cliff on wednesday morning.
a war of words appears to have erupted between two former rival stations who last week merged newsrooms. an account purporting to be sydney radio station 2ue sent out a tweet on thursday morning which appears to have come from a disgruntled former employee. what looks to a tweet from a disgruntled former radio employee emerged on twitter on thursday morning. the hashtag was in reference to the station 's former newsreader steve blanda , who had read the news at 2ue for over a decade. a 2ue spokesperson told daily mail australia that they were aware of the posting but denied the message came from one of their accounts.
in scenes more familiar in the most impoverished refugee camps , scores of downtrodden syrians wait in line for hours for food in the terror group 's self-declared capital raqqa. it 's a far cry from the all-conquering image of prosperity its jihadi pr machine would like the world to believe. the pictures were posted on twitter by a member of the anti-isis campaign group raqqa is being slaughtered silently who risk their lives every day by documenting atrocities from inside the city. scroll down for video. impoverished : dozens of syrians queue for food in the islamic state 's self-declared capital of raqqa.
the mother of convicted murderer aaron hernandez has revealed the unlikely bond she developed over the course of her son 's trial. terri hernandez says she grew close to ursula lloyd , the mother of odin lloyd over the trial , even thinking about her when the jury came back with their first degree murder conviction. scroll down for video. terri hernandez -lrb- above -rrb- is opening up about the bond she shared with ursula lloyd during her son 's murder trial. lloyd -lrb- above -rrb- refused to comment on the story , saying she no longer wished to speak about her son 's murder.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- some of the men and women of the indianapolis police force are giving up their blues. beginning friday , blue uniform shirts will be traded for white ones for command staff members of the indianapolis metropolitan police department -lrb- impd -rrb-. '' as police departments around the country see more protests over the use of lethal force , impd officials acknowledge that this is a time of `` increased scrutiny of police operations and tactics , '' but said the decision to change the uniform for certain ranks within the department is `` not related to any specific , individual incident occurring elsewhere in the united states.
a couple of wartime sweethearts who were married for almost 72 years have been buried next to each other after dying days apart. ronald pearson and his wife miriam met at an evening dance while he was serving in the raf police and she the auxiliary territorial service during the second world war. they married in 1943 and settled in broughton near chester , welcoming their daughter two years after celebrating ve day. her husband followed two days later aged 94. ronald and miriam pearson died last month within two days of each other. the couple , who met during the war , had been married for almost 72 years.
frustration was clear in the voices of peter moores and alastair cook as they fended off repeated enquiries about kevin pietersen 's future more than a year after he had seemingly been banished from international cricket for good. the incoming ecb chairman has been responsible for the mixed messages that leave the england team in as big a state of turmoil and internal rebellion as ever. graves has forged an excellent reputation in english cricket as chairman of yorkshire for the way he bankrolled and transformed the club , but his initial forays into the international game have been little short of an embarrassment.
for the first time , the government 's drug regulator - the medicines and healthcare products regulatory agency -lrb- mhra -rrb- - has approved a remedy containing a traditional chinese herb. the product , phynova joint and muscle relief , contains sigesbeckia , a herb traditionally used to treat aches and pains caused by arthritis. ` until now many gps have been wary of recommending chinese herbs , but now there is one product that we know is produced safely and at the optimum dose , ' explains professor george lewith , a complementary medicine researcher from southampton university. ` sigesbeckia gives us another alternative to anti-inflammatory drugs which come with potential side-effects such as gastrointestinal bleeding.
prosecutors say they 're dismissing almost three dozen criminal cases connected to four fort lauderdale police officers who lost their jobs following an investigation into a racist video and text messages. the broward state attorney 's office reported on thursday that they had already dropped 12 felony cases , 19 criminal misdemeanor cases and one juvenile case involving one or more of the officers. the arresting officers in the cases , which include burglary , cocaine possession and aggravated assault with a firearm , are no longer on the police force. scroll down for video. criminal cases connected to four former fort lauderdale police officers have been dismissed after an investigation into a racist video and messages sent by the four cops.
they played in grey and duly put in a dull and uninspired performance , these really are dark days for newcastle united. but on sunday they set another record as losers of the last five tyne-wear derbies. john carver looks on as his newcastle united struggle against rivals sunderland in the tyne-wear derby. head coach john carver said before the game he had a secret motivational tactic up his sleeve and would only reveal what it was following victory. phil neville was scathing in his assessment of newcastle a fortnight ago when he said that their application during the 3-0 defeat at everton was reminiscent of a set of players with one eye on their summer holidays.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- we did it again , in another american city. we brutalized black bodies. yes we can. well , if i -- a son of immigrants whose family had nothing to do with any of those accomplishments -- if i get to claim those aspects of american history , then surely i have to claim the unsavory aspects too. we enslaved africans. we supported jim crow , then redlined , subordinated , and ghettoized african-americans. we created a polity in which racial inequity and economic inequality magnify each other unrelentingly. every time protests and violence break out in response to police brutality , the same depressing pattern breaks out.
us authorities have confirmed that the highly toxic pesticide methyl bromide caused a delaware family to become seriously ill at a u.s. virgin islands resort , and that the chemical was used at the resort several times in the past year , officials said tuesday. the us environmental protection agency said it is contacting people including employees at sirenusa resort in st. john to determine how many others might have been exposed to the pesticide. ` methyl bromide is a potent neurotoxin , so it really affects your central nervous system , ' epa regional administrator judith enck said in a telephone interview.
talk about team work ! this is the heartwarming moment a peckish goat named clyde balances on a donkey friend in a bid to reach some treetop treats. footage shows the rotund animal with his front hooves planted firmly on his pal 's back. his horned head is then craned to the branches where he proceeds to nibble up leaves. lean on me : this is the heartwarming moment a peckish goat named clyde balances on a donkey friend in a bid to reach some treats in a tree. however , after about a minute he decides he 's had enough and starts to walk off.
jack wilshere can be the future of arsenal 's midfield , but his injury record could turn him into another abou diaby , fears club legend ray parlour. wilshere was on the bench against reading at wembley on saturday after five months out through injury. jack wilshere , on the bench next to theo walcott and mathieu flamini , for arsenal 's match against reading. wilshere , the england international , is pictured in training for arsenal earlier this month. ` i think if he stays fit , he 's a quality player , there 's no doubt about that. ` but again , the big question mark is can he stay fit ? look at abou diaby.
mourners at the memorial service for celebrity cosmetic surgeon dr frederic brandt , who killed himself a week ago , said a tv show that parodied his appearance was partly to blame for his death. sad : dr. brandt , whose celebrity clients include madonna and stephanie seymour , hanged himself april 5. brandt , who counted numerous celebrities and models among his clients , was found hanged at his home in coral gables , florida , on easter april 5. some friends said he had been left ` devastated ' by a character said to have been based on him in the netflix comedy show ` the unbreakable kimmy schmidt.
kim kardashian continued her tour of the tour of the holy land with husband kanye west and their daughter north , as she visited the site of jesus christ 's crucifixion. on monday , she took her family to jerusalem 's old city - the reputed location of the historical religious event - to visit armenian church st james cathedral in order to baptise their little girl. scroll down for video. humbled : kim kardashian seemed amazed to be inside saint james cathedral in jerusalem 's old city on monday , the location for her daughter north 's baptism. along with her artful first post from inside the st james cathedral in jerusalem 's old city , kim revealed it had been an early start for the family.
researchers found women judged to have pretty faces also have voices regarded by men as appealing -lrb- file picture -rrb-. men can judge how attractive a woman is by hearing her talk , according to a study. researchers found women judged to have pretty faces also have voices regarded by men as appealing. ` people can make quite reliable guesses about women 's facial attractiveness on the basis of their voices , ' said study co-author markus koppensteiner , an anthropologist from the university of vienna. ' researchers photographed the faces and recorded the voices of 42 women with an average age of 24.
he 's known as living in one of the most exclusive postcodes in london , and enjoying the best bars and restaurants with his wealthy co-stars , but chelsea boy andy jordan 's heart lies outside the capital. from getting stopped and searched for drugs in mexico , to hijacking tuk tuks in india , the fun-loving broker has had many adventures beyond london 's exclusive sw3 postcode. jetsetter : andy jordan from made in chelsea has enjoyed the best hotels around the world , but also enjoys a stay at travelodge. the singer released his album , geography , last year and in the title song he sings about falling in love at first sight on london 's underground.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- given that most people could n't tell the difference between a copyright and a trademark , it usually takes something controversial , such as the washington redskins ' refusal to change their name , to get people interested in trademark law. this week , a higher court scrutinized a lesser-known trademark -- when the band the slants sought to protect its name. the slants are five asian-american musicians from portland , oregon , who pay homage to the '80s on stage -- and homage to their heritage in an ironic way. but wait a minute. this is n't billionaire dan snyder referring to other people as `` redskins.
gps are the gateway to nhs care -- nine out of 10 times , the first contact a patient has with the health system is through their gp. the crisis in a&e has led some to blame a lack of available gp appointments for people heading to emergency departments instead. weekend opening hours for gps has been touted as one solution - by improving access , many patients wo n't need to take up other care services. the crisis in a&e has led some people to blame a lack of available gp appointments , prompting more people to visit the emergency department instead.
the london book fair author hq event , with kindle direct publishing , is a three-day programme packed with informative seminars for budding authors. a range of experts will share their knowledge of the publishing industry and offer invaluable advice and insights to provide new writers with information about the best ways to get their work published. experienced authors will be on hand to reveal how they launched their careers. experienced and successful authors will reveal how they launched their publishing careers -- and , with a keen eye on the digital future of publishing , some bestselling kindle direct publishing authors will talk about their experiences in the vast and flourishing e-book market.
does any player fluctuate between world-beater and under-achiever more than andros townsend ? currently on a high after his stunning equaliser for england against italy in turin on tuesday night , the 23-year-old tottenham winger has already had more ups and downs than most players experience in their careers. he terrifies defenders with his speed and directness -- a trait he also possesses off the pitch judging by his ` told you so ' tweet to a critical paul merson this week. that ability was first noticed two years ago when he single-handedly tried to save qpr from relegation with a string of virtuoso performances.
but one scottish scientist is hoping they could , in fact , be the answer to heating our homes in the future. space lasers : dr adrian quarterman has suggested space lasers could be used to power homes in the future - but says the beams will be nowhere near as powerful as imagined in films like star wars -lrb- pictured -rrb-. dr adrian quarterman , of dundee university , is working on a laser which will convert sun beams into energy , the times reported. the satellites will orbit the earth , covered in mirrors to help it harvest the sunlight and convert it into laser light.
this is the shocking moment a young kurdish girl fires a machine gun at isis , before boasting she has killed 400 of the islamic militants - as she is egged on with cries of ` kill , kill '. shocking : the little girl claims she is firing the machine gun at ` daesh ' , the arabic name for isis. target : however , it is unclear exactly what the girl is shooting at in the minute-long video. the man asks her how many isis fighters she has killed so far , and she holds up four fingers while boasting ' 400 '.
england picked up their first title on the sevens world series this season after beating competition leaders south africa 21-14 in the final of the tokyo tournament on sunday. phil burgess , charlie hayter and tom mitchell scored the tries in the final for the english , who bounced back from a thumping group stage defeat to fiji on saturday to win a first title since the wellington sevens in feb. 2013. it 's a huge effort and we are so grateful to deliver this title , ' skipper mitchell said after victory at a wet prince chichibu memorial rugby ground.
photographers have captured some remarkable pictures of the lyrid meteor shower above the uk last night. the meteor shower , visible around the world but best seen from europe , has been observed for the past 2,700 years and peaked overnight with between ten and 20 an hour. scroll down for video explanation. john phelan took this picture , showing the lyrid meteor at porthcurno beach in cornwall in the early hours of this morning. nick watson , a semi-professional photographer from newcastle , captured an amazing picture of the meteor over lindisfarne castle on holy island in northumberland. the lyrids are so-called because they occur in the constellation lyra.
a recently released affidavit reveals that a chinese translator was accused of sharing government information with an alleged spy. in the affidavit , timothy s. pappa , an fbi agent , claims that xiaoming gao was paid ` thousands of dollars to provide information on u.s. persons and a u.s. government employee. ' that information was provided to individuals she thought to be chinese intelligence officers. what 's more , the affidavit also revealed that gao lived with another state department employee who had top-secret clearance. scroll down for video. an fbi affidavit from november 2014 that was recently unsealed reveals translator xiaoming gao -lrb- above on left with unknown male -rrb- shared information with an alleged chinese spy.
in custody : doug hughes was put under arrest for his gyro-copter stunt. homeland security secretary jeh johnson has admitted that a gyro-copter flew 80 miles undetected and under the radar from gettysburg , pennsylvania to the lawn of the us capitol on wednesday. reacting to the latest embarrassing security lapse at the white house and capitol , johnson pleaded for calm and resisted calls for sweeping changes. johnson confirmed that the pilot , florida postal worker doug hughes , was interviewed by the secret service almost two years ago. he said the secret service passed along the information from that interview to ` all of the appropriate law enforcement agencies.
a monkey that was thought to have died out more than 50 years ago has been discovered alive in the remote rain forests of the democratic republic of congo. primatologists working in ntokou-pikounda national park have captured the first ever picture of the bouvier 's red colobus monkey. their discovery proves that the primate - which was first discovered in 1887 and is only known from three specimens - is not extinct. scroll down for video. this is the first ever photograph of the bouvier 's red colobus monkey , which was thought to have been extinct. researchers now hope to study the monkey in an attempt to learn more about it.
there 's no surer sign that winter is coming than the end of daylight saving. the four-day easter long weekend will be extended by an hour when clocks go back an hour at 3am on sunday. the four-day easter long weekend will be extended by an hour when clocks go back an hour at 3am on sunday - including australian states such as nsw. changing the clock is also a reminder for people to change their smoke alarm batteries , fire services around australia say. pictured is the sunrise over melbourne cbd. for some that will mean an extra hour of sleep , while others will enjoy an extra hour to party.
nervous , i was : mark hamill , who played luke skywalker in the original star wars films , said he had some reservations about abrams. mark hamill knew he had to say yes when george lucas told him about the plans to move forward with a new star wars trilogy. it 's like i was drafted , ' hamill told a massive crowd saturday night at star wars celebration of his decision to reprise his role as luke skywalker in star wars : the force awakens. lucas had told him specifically that he was done making star wars movies after the prequels.
an anonymous good samaritan has donated $ 360,000 to pay for a man 's mortgage after he lost his wife and house in the mudslide that swept washington last year. tim ward and his wife of 38 years , brandy , were at home in oso , washington , on march 22 , 2014 , when tons of debris , soil and rock came crashing down from upland. tim , who broke his pelvis , was buried under 25 feet of mud , but managed to call for help through a gap in the surface. just a week later , as tim started trying to rebuild his life , he was informed he did not have ` landslide insurance ' - and therefore did not qualify for payment to settle his mortgage.
they might look like they 're competing for a spot on a talent show. but this hip-thrusting dance duo are in fact novices who decided to polish up their skills to surprise guests on their wedding day. nikki and kyle kuchenbecker from illinois went about perfecting a routine to the toe-tapping pop song , classic by mkto. scroll down for video. caught on camera : they might look like they 're competing for a spot on a talent show - but this hip thrusting dance duo are in fact novices who decided to polish up their skills to surprise guests on their wedding day.
a fish jumps. a battalion of cormorants lands on a tree. let 's swim. unknown : wigry national park , in north-east poland , is the furthest outreach of the masurian lakes. our destination is wigry national park , in the north-east of the country , close to the lithuanian border. it is the furthest outreach of the masurian lakes -lrb- poland 's lake district -rrb- , and the most sparsely populated. the national park snuggles around it , a mass of primeval forest and waterways that are home to otter and beaver , wolf and elk. the area is unspoiled , but it is also exceedingly well set-up for outdoorsy pursuits.
southend united 's promotion charge continued on tuesday night at bury when a david worrall free-kick enabled them to leapfrog their hosts into fourth place. former bury player worrall struck from 25 yards in the 74th minute with a superb curling effort from a set-piece courtesy of a yellow-carded foul by adam el-abd. it put manager phil brown 's late-goal specialists , who pinched an added-time winner at exeter on saturday , behind third-placed wycombe only on goal difference. phil brown 's southend united move into fourth after a 1-0 win over bury on tuesday night. bury began the night a point ahead of the shrimpers after winning 1-0 at portsmouth on saturday but despite chances they could n't hit the target.
tony mccoy , the greatest ever jump jockey , is guaranteed a roaring send-off at aintree this week as racegoers tip a fairytale ending to his glorious career. the 40-year-old from county antrim has been bidding his farewells as he heads for retirement and has promised to call it quits there and then should his grand national ride shutthefrontdoor bring him a second career victory over the world 's most famous steeplechase. the royal liver building in liverpool was lit up with a good luck message for tony mccoy. tony mccoy is guaranteed a great send-off during the grand national at aintree this week.
a mere 53 hours to kick-off and all is serene at the training base of queens park rangers. mowers clip along on distant pitches as the sun beats down and the whitewashed pavilion is brightened by pots of forget-me-nots , a flower which could be adopted as the emblem of relegation. qpr boss chris ramsey appears relaxed and untroubled , insisting he had more sleepless nights coaching tottenham last season and joking about the difference between lidl and waitrose. qpr boss chris ramsey -lrb- centre -rrb- is one of seven managers trying to keep their club in the premier league. ramsey 's side host west ham on saturday as they look to climb out of the relegation zone with four games left.
millwall left ewood park down , almost out , and in danger of needing snookers to avoid relegation from the championship. one source of salvation could yet come in the form of a three-point deduction for rotherham when a football league disciplinary commission rules on whether they fielded an ineligible player against brighton on easter monday. the result leaves neil harris 's side four points adrift of fourth-bottom rotherham with two tough games remaining against promotion-chasing derby and wolves. rotherham have a game in hand and a much better goal difference. rudy gestede -lrb- centre -rrb- scores the opening goal for blackburn as he fires past the helpless david forde.
not only the fight of the century but the sale of tickets for floyd mayweather versus manny pacquiao. the desert storm in a box office which some thought might pull the plug on the richest fight of all time has blown over. those priceless tickets will be on sale at 8pm on thursday after weeks of wrangling and accusations between mayweather promotions and pacquiao 's promoter bob arum. tickets for the fight between floyd mayweather and manny pacquiao are on sale on thursday. pacquiao posted a picture of him looking in good shape 10 days before the fight. this thorny matter was settled at a meeting between arum , mayweather 's advisor al haymon and cbs television mogul les moonves who brokered the deal for the fight itself.
yet another scientific study has found no link between autism and the vaccine against measles , mumps and rubella -lrb- mmr -rrb- - even among high risk children. the findings , in the journal of the american medical association -lrb- jama -rrb- , are based on a study of about 95,000 young people. some of the elder children had autism and some did not. numerous studies over the last 15 years have ruled out a link between the mmr vaccine and autism. since autism can run in families , researchers decided to look at whether vaccines could make autism even more likely in children who had siblings with autism.
sandra bullock hid in her bedroom closet and sounded panicked and tearful at times as she guided police into her house after spotting an intruder last year , according to a 911 call played in court thursday. the oscar-winning actress called police after seeing a man in her home heading for the attic. the roughly 15-minute conversation with a 911 dispatcher is the first piece of evidence a prosecutor presented against joshua corbett , who is charged with stalking the actress and breaking into her home in june. i have a safe door , ' bullock , breathing heavily , is heard telling the dispatcher.
mohammed emwazi , the british jihadi now known as jihadi john , planned to join a different terror group in somalia years before becoming a member of isis , it has been reported. emwazi , who is originally from london , was planning on joining al-shabaab in africa but changed his mind after his friends were killed amid accusations they were set up by rival group members. instead he travelled to syria where he joined islamic state and became synonymous with their gruesome beheading videos posted online. mohammed emwazi -lrb- left -rrb- , now known as masked killer jihadi john -lrb- right -rrb- , planned to join al-shabaab in somalia before going to syria because two of his friends were killed , a source has said.
officers who rushed to the scene of the colorado theater shooting entered a hellish world of bloody victims , noxious smells and blaring sounds - a gloomy darkness pierced by bright flashes from a fire alarm , police testified wednesday. ` it was dim , the movie was still playing , the alarm was going off , ' aurora police officer annette brook told jurors in the trial of gunman james holmes. ' prosecutors called brook and two other officers as witnesses on wednesday , and their descriptions of the chaos of inside the suburban denver theater intensified the already disturbing scene described a day earlier by moviegoers who were badly wounded or saw loved ones gunned down in the july 20 , 2012 , attack.
as eight teams prepare to battle it out for a place in the semi-finals of this season 's european rugby champions cup , sportsmail 's nik simon gives us a run-down of each of the sides left in the competition. leinster vs bath. fronted by captain jamie heaslip , leinster are armed with international experience and had 11 players in the ireland squad who beat england last month. poor league form has stunted leinster 's season , with the dublin side currently fifth in the pro12 competition after winning just one of their last five fixtures. bath are short of experience in some key positions , particularly their up and coming backline.
this is the moment a four-year-old girl broke down in tears because the ` little ducks ' in a nursery rhyme did not come back to their mother. rilie carey , from salem , oregon , learnt the popular song at preschool and was halfway through eating her dinner when she decided to perform it for her mom , jessica. ` mumma duck says quack , quack , quack , quack , but only three little ducks came back. ' but as the rhyme continues - and the number of ducks returning to their mother decreases - her eyes begin to fill with tears.
yes , there was a goalkeeper still to beat but running straight on to the target , not a blue shirt in range , the odds were most certainly with luis suarez. yet every great player has a showman inside and the uruguayan is no exception. it was also barcelona 's third -- probably the goal that puts this tie beyond reach. here was a goal-scorer at the top of his game , playing for a club that now brings the best out of him. if there ever was a battle of egos at barcelona , it is over and football has won.
leigh griffiths sure knows how to finish. left on the bench for wednesday night 's home clash with kilmarnock , perhaps uncertain over his place in the starting xi for sunday 's scottish cup semi-final against inverness , the celtic striker scored a 19-minute hat-trick to guide his team to a handsome 4-1 victory. the treble-chasing reigning champions came from a goal down , inspired by kris commons and the second-half introduction of griffiths , to record a win that takes them eight points clear at the top of the premiership -- and lifts confidence ahead of their trip to hampden.
in a bid to detract some of the attention away from apple 's official watch unveiling next week , motorola is launching a gold version of its own timepiece the day before. the gold moto 360 is available to pre-order online from o2 and any customers making orders before 10pm bst on 20 april will receive the watch on 21 april. the gold model -lrb- pictured -rrb- is available to pre-order online from o2 and any customers making orders before 10pm bst on 20 april will receive the watch the next day. the original moto 360 has a 22mm black leather strap and costs # 199.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- saturday at the masters , like any pga tournament , has been dubbed ` moving day '. players rose and players fell away on moving day at the 2015 masters. rory mcilroy went out in 32 and briefly raised the crowd 's hopes that he had a sniff of completing an improbable grand slam on sunday night. but he dropped two shots late on in the round to finish six under par. woods comeback ? a rejuvenated tiger woods showed touches of his old class mixed with the ragged unpredictability that has marked his new game to finish six under too.
richie benaud made commentary look easy. i had the great honour of doing a stint on channel 9 in australia during an ashes test a few years ago. he wanted some footage of an incident he 'd spotted a couple of overs earlier -- shane warne had done something in the slips and it had passed the rest of us by. richie benaud was one of cricket 's great personalities and will be remembered for his dry wit and knowledge. benaud was the voice of cricket for generations , commentating in his native australia and for the bbc. benaud , pictured on his wedding day to wife daphne , and during his later years in august 2005.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- these are fearful times on the highest mountain in the world. the devastating earthquake that hit nepal on saturday set off avalanches that left large numbers of climbers dead , missing , injured or trapped on mount everest. and aftershocks , including a strong one sunday , are continuing to send snow and rocks thundering down the mountainside , complicating rescue efforts. the base camp on the nepal side of everest is in a vulnerable spot , sitting in a valley surrounded by high himalayan peaks. when the huge , lengthy quake struck saturday , the scores of climbers who had gathered there to prepare for or recover from ascents of the peak had nowhere to run.
kendalia halle 's multi-tiered wooden truss was decked out in white lights as bruce and louetta schwab joined about 200 others for a monthly dance. the schwabs live east of dallas and during their recent visit to central texas hill country decided to visit the old hall , where patrons paid about $ 20 to hear bobby jordan and the ridgecreek band. one , two , step ! in this december 2014 file photograph , girls dance to fiddle music at twin sisters dance hall in blanco , texas. get on down ! fiddlers perform at twin sisters dance hall in december.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- most days , 16-year-old jason zobott walks into huntley high school in suburban chicago around 7:30 a.m. like any high schooler might. zobott is enrolled in huntley high 's blended learning program , which merges internet-based instruction with a more traditional classroom setting. one-third of the school 's 2,700 students are enrolled. in 2015 , the school is working toward enrolling the majority of its students. i can work at the pace i want to work. '' huntley high school students and educators often refer to the program simply as `` blended. '' it allows teachers to write the curriculum , with students giving feedback about the focus.
patients should be able to speak to their gps on skype , nick clegg announced today. the lib dem leader wants existing phone appointments extended so doctors can see patients on video calls. some patients would be uncomfortable with the the prospect of exposing their ailments to their gp over the web. lib dem leader nick clegg wants existing phone appointments extended so doctors can see patients on video calls. mr clegg today met patients and staff at bodmin community hospital in cornwall as he campaigned in the lib dem stronghold in the south west. the lib dems also want repeat prescriptions and booking appointments to be made available online.
scottish football 's relationship with television has become a form of stockholm syndrome. no one is tied up in a basement. there are no hostages. sky and bt sports pay # 16million a year for live coverage of scottish football. the bbc puts in an estimated # 3m a year for sportscene highlights and radio commentaries. celtic striker leigh griffiths -lrb- right -rrb- completes his hat-trick during the win over kilmarnock earlier this week. compared with the # 5billion paid to english clubs for premiership football the sums are trifling. st mirren facing ross county on a wet march night in paisley will never be a rival to the manchester derby but broadcasters do n't show scottish football out of charity.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- for many girl scout troops it is officially cookie season. and i have to admit that the samoas -lrb- now called `` caramel delites '' -rrb- are delicious. but as a physician who is passionate about health promotion , i politely tell the girls , `` no , thanks. '' i am concerned that every bite and every sale not only delivers an unhealthy snack , but also a dangerous nutrition message. thin mints , the most popular cookie , contains refined white flour , sugar , partially hydrogenated oil , and high fructose corn syrup. the first ingredient in those caramel delites is sugar , but they also contain corn syrup and high fructose corn syrup , for a total of 6 grams of sugar per cookie.
with its carefully controlled , stage managed events and blandly repetitive slogans , the election campaign so far has been just a little bit boring. aides say it is part of a deliberate strategy to get the deputy prime minister out of london to meet normal people as they go about their daily lives. and if that means pulling pints , sipping cocktails , hurtling down a zipwire or chatting to joey essex or a hedgehog with a brain injury , mr clegg seems only to happy to oblige. scroll down for video. lib dem leader nick clegg appears determined to enjoy the election campaign , spending his sunday afternoon ten-pin bowling.
sister gertrud tiefenbacher -lrb- not pictured -rrb- was found in her bedroom , with a towel on her face. an 86-year-old nun was reportedly gang-raped before being murdered in her bedroom at a south african missionary. gertrud tiefenbacher 's hands had been tied with a typewriter cord and a towel placed over a face , say local police. her body was found by other nuns at the sacred heart missionary in ixopo , a small town 85 miles south-west of durban. police in kwazulu-natal are waiting for the results of forensic tests to confirm that sister gertrud was sexually assaulted. a small sum of money - thought to be in euros - had been stolen from her room.
but thankfully , stunt performer antti pendikainen had attached a parachute to his snowmobile to safely deposit him on the ground after driving his vehicle off a mountain. captured on camera , these amazing images show the moment the finnish driver took to the skies. finnish stunt performer , antti pendikainen soars through the air with a parachute attached to his snowmobile in riksgrnsen , sweden. captured on camera , this adrenalin fuelled footage shows the moment a daredevil driver took to the skies after racing his snowmobile off the edge of a mountain. the group managed to strap materials together to make an incredible but rickety flying machine.
kalimah dixon said she was awakened by a neighbor yelling there was a fire early on monday morning , and was lucky to get her children , aged one to 14 , out of the decatur condo safely. however , all that was left of her rented condo was a pile of rubble , and in her efforts to get her family back on their feet , she is asking for assistance. they have nothing. scroll down for video. a mother of six said her family has nothing after fire reduced their georgia condo to a pile of rubble -lrb- above kalimah dixon with her five of her six children -rrb-.
marcin wasniewski , 34 , from foleshill , coventry , escaped death by millimetres after the car he was driving crashed into the back of a lorry on the a444 in coventry. at the time , emergency services workers greeted by the twisted metal and scattered debris at the scene said it was incredible the driver was even alive. merge : an ambulance spokeswoman said the car ` literally embedded ' itself into the back of the lorry. father marcin wasniewski is volunteering at a christian centre until he can return to work when he has recovered from his injuries. he believes he was saved by jesus christ watching over him.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- on thursday , npr -- headquartered in washington , just 40 miles away from baltimore -- ran its latest update on the urban turmoil that has erupted in the wake of the death of 25-year-old freddie gray because of still-unexplained spinal injuries that occurred while he was under police custody. titled `` baltimore unrest reveals tensions between african-americans and asians , '' the five-minute piece is urgently introduced with the promise that it will reveal `` what 's really happening in the more troubled neighborhoods of this majority black city , '' going on state that a key ingredient of the unrest was african-americans `` targeting asian-owned businesses for destruction.
a houston father was upset to learn that his five-year-old daughter was disciplined for wearing her rainbow spaghetti-strap sundress to school , where teachers said that it violated the dress code. jef rouner wrote in the houston press that his daughter was forced to cover up with jeans and a t-shirt when she was told that the spaghetti straps of her ` full-length ' dress were ` against the rules '. kiddie clothes : jef rouner said his five-year-old daughter was forced to cover up when she wore this spaghetti-strap sundress to her school in houston , texas. ' supportive pop : jef said he finds it ` weird ' that school dress codes tend to offer more restrictions for girls than boys.
michael vaughan , alec stewart and andrew strauss are three former captains bidding to lead england 's reform after paul downton was sacked as managing director. sportsmail takes a closer look at the trio battling to become the most powerful man in english cricket. current job : director of cricket at surrey. show us your medals : played 133 tests , more than any england cricketer. players he likes : has established a rapport at surrey with the out-of-favour kevin pietersen -- says english cricket needs to be bold. reason it might happen : stewart has added his name to the ring of potential candidates , and knows the job of director of cricket inside out.
the fad involves women tying a blue ribbon under the breasts and in a loop over the arms , tying them at the back , so every time they lift their arms , their curves become more prominent. the idea was inspired by a popular ` anime ' cartoon character whose ribbon-bound arms and chest has become her signature. scroll down for video. a trend in japan has seen young women tying blue ribbon under their breasts for a better cleavage. like her greek goddess namesake , she wears white - but that 's where the comparisons end. her frock is short , backless , with a plunging neckline and comes with matching white gloves.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- as thousands of south africans took to the streets of the city of durban to rally against violence and xenophobia , an online community has joined the protests. the marches follow recent violent attacks on foreigners in the country that have claimed five lives. during the protest march thursday , twitter followers voiced their support through hashtag campaigns. south african police services said more than 10,000 people attended the march , including civil rights groups and nongovernmental organizations. hashtags are now pouring out of south africa. but many are asking , some via twitter , is it enough to fight #xenophobia ? attacks this week in durban alone have killed two immigrants and three south africans , including a 14-year-old boy , authorities said.
a transgender woman killed herself after being taunted in the street for being different , an inquest heard. mikki nicholson , who was a national scrabble champion , stepped in front of a train , on november 7 last year after suffering daily verbal abuse in carlisle , cumbria. but she changed her mind months before her death after being told she risked homelessness if she left her social housing. mikki nicholson , who was a national scrabble champion , stepped in front of a train , on november 7 last year after suffering daily verbal abuse in carlisle , cumbria.
with the premier league season entering its final stretch , focus is now turning to the summer transfer window. many clubs will be looking to snap up a bargain free transfer and there are plenty to choose from. here are best players who are currently set to leave their premier league clubs on a free in june. manchester city 's tenacious , creative and versatile midfielder james milner could leave as a free agent. goalkeeper - gerhard tremmel -lrb- swansea -rrb-. tremmel has played second fiddle to michel vorm and then lukasz fabianski during his four years at swansea , but has performed well when called upon in the cup competitions and was in goal when the swans beat bradford in the capital one cup final two years ago.
the price is right model who gave away a $ 21,960 car for free because of dumb mistake has said it 's the ` biggest mistake ever in game show history ' and the first of her six-year career. colombian-born manuela arbelaez 's mind was clearly somewhere else when she removed the wrong price tag during thursday 's show - giving contestant andrea the prize even though she guessed the wrong price. the model and host drew carey both gasped after she revealed the true price of the hyundai sonata se before andrea had finished guessing. ' a contestant on the price is right has walked away with a $ 21,960 car for free courtesy of a dumb mistake by model manuela arbelaez - who has since said it was the ` biggest mistake ever in game show history ' manuela arbelaez 's mind was clearly somewhere else when she removed the wrong price tag during thursday 's show.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- back in 1989 , ayatollah khomeini famously said he was `` drinking poison '' when he accepted a ceasefire to end the eight-year-old war with iraq. the war had helped define khomeini 's regime , the islamic republic , which he had founded a year before saddam hussein invaded iran. khomeini galvanized the nation , both his supporters and growing opponents , to fight against the enemy. he dragged out the war for eight years , despite saddam 's willingness to accept a ceasefire , and thus stabilized the foundations of the islamic republic. since then , `` drinking a chalice of poison '' has became part of iranian political lexicon , and many analysts have asked whether ayatollah ali khamenei , khomeini 's successor , would raise the chalice and surrender to demands by the west to end iran 's nuclear program.
having fathered 40 children by 20 different women , mike holpin has enjoyed his fair share of intimacy. for despite being set to marry , the alcoholic benefits claimant still has a live profile on the site where he met his bride-to-be. despite being engaged for the fourth time and having already fathered 40 children by 20 different women , mike holpin still has an active online dating profile. listed among his hobbies is watching tv and playing computer games - a luxury indulged by the taxpayer who footed the bill for his three 48in widescreen television sets , as revealed earlier this week.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- they are superstars flown in from across the globe -- and they probably had more legroom than you. the world 's leading showjumping and dressage horses have reached las vegas for this week 's world cup finals. `` there are two horses per box , '' explains tim dutta , who oversaw the loading of more than $ 150 million in equine talent onto a qatar airways flight at amsterdam 's schiphol airport earlier this month. so when the aircraft is at cruise then they are left alone for a while , to have a snooze and relax , without being bothered by anyone.
john travolta has broken his silence on the controversial scientology exposé going clear and says he never intends to watch the documentary. speaking to the tampa bay times while promoting his upcoming film the forger , travolta said his decades of personal experience in the organization have been nothing but positive -- nothing like the blackmailing , physically abusive cult portrayed in the film. travolta then spoke for the only celebrity whose dealings with scientology get more screen time in going clear than his own , tom cruise. scroll down for video. spoke out : john travolta on monday broke his silence on the scientology-slamming hbo documentary going clear : scientology , hollywood & the prison of belief.
this is the emotional moment an 83-year-old grandfather saw an image of his mother for the first time in 70 years. thomas cain 's mother ora mae died in 1943 , when he was just 12 years old , and he was left thinking that there were no surviving photographs of her. shock and tears : an emotional thomas cain is shown , left , looking at the old photograph , while to the right is his shocked expression once he realizes what it is. when his daughter , joyce , explains by saying ` that 's your momma ' , a shocked mr cain can only exclaim ` what ?! ' as the realization dawns on him mr cain chokes up and starts crying.
however , researchers were stunned when their underwater robosub had an unexpected encounter almost 2,000 feet under the ocean. rather than the deep sea squid and corals they expected to see , a giant sperm whale swam to inspect their sub - causing gasps and shouts of ` holy cow ' from the sub 's operators. scroll down for video. the robot sub was examining the depths of the gulf of mexico when the sperm whale suddenly appeared. the sperm whale is the largest toothed whale. females are much smaller than males , reaching only 11 meters -lrb- 36 feet -rrb- on average.
a photographer has captured dozens of elvis impersonators as they gathered at some of europe 's biggest tributes to the king. graeme oxby documented the dedicated fans at events including europe 's tribute to elvis in blackpool , the elvis weekender in bridlington , east riding of yorskshire , and the european elvis championships in birmingham. the 50-year-old , from east yorkshire , even visited their homes to capture images for his photo series , called ` the kings of england '. ` britain is the european centre for elvis tribute activity and hosts of the biggest and best contests in the world.
caledonia , michigan -lrb- cnn -rrb- ben and shelby offrink met in college. it was n't the most romantic setting -- a study group for calculus-based physics -- but ben managed to turn it into a story worth telling by cheating. `` i thought it was sciatica , '' shelby says of the back pain and the `` odd '' feeling that prompted her to go to the hospital. before long , shelby was paralyzed from the belly button down. shelby nicknamed her tumors and decided to `` terminate '' them. `` like how arnold schwarzenegger would say it if he had a tumor.
the nhs handed out 404,500 prescriptions for suncream at a cost of # 13million in 2014 and 4.7 million prescriptions for indigestion pills costing # 29million , damning analysis has found -lrb- file image -rrb-. the nhs is spending millions on prescriptions for suncream and toothpaste , a damning analysis has found. some patients are even being given hangover tablets and yakult yogurt drinks. it has prompted concern that patients are abusing the system by demanding prescriptions for household essentials which are cheaply available at their local chemist. the figures came on the day that britain was ranked only 27th in the world for health and wellness -- below slovenia , spain and portugal -- and 111th out of 133 countries for obesity.
with the helpless animals clutched tightly under his arms , this is the moment a suspected dog thief made off with two beloved family pets. pekingese marley and mitzy had been left to play in the front garden by their owners adele and steven worgan. but they were snatched when the couple were n't looking -- and neighbours believe they have caught the culprit on cctv. caught on camera : this is the suspected dog-napper seen on cctv footage with what appears to be two animals under his arms. ' mr worgan was inside the house in doncaster at around midday when he heard a yelp from the garden.
it may be a british staple but the traditional fish and chips is in peril. as waters around the uk get warmer , popular species of fish including haddock , plaice and lemon sole could become less common as they migrate to more preferable water temperatures. researchers have developed a model that combined long-term fisheries data with climate model projections from the met office. from this they predicted the abundance and distribution of popular fish , such as haddock and plaice , could fall as the north sea warms and this could increase the price of fish and chips. in the past 40 years , reports suggest the north sea has warmed four times faster than the global average.
the university of nebraska at omaha is getting a new $ 81.6 million stadium for its hockey , basketball and volleyball teams. it 'll have luxury suites and everything. an omaha taco shop has teamed up with the university to shoot tacos into the stands at sporting events. that the foil-wrapped eats will make to fans was made evident when voodoo tacos owner eric newton demonstrated the power of the cannon for cnn affiliate ketv. with this latest technological development , the taco will join t-shirts , stuffed toys , balls , biscuits and the lowly hot dog in hurtling into the stands at public gatherings.
-lrb- the hollywood reporter -rrb- a trailer for zack snyder 's upcoming `` batman v. superman : dawn of justice '' leaked online on thursday before quickly being taken down minutes later. a youtube user uploaded the handheld or camera phone capture of the trailer , which had spanish subtitles on the screen. '' ryan gosling in talks to star in `` blade runner '' sequel. a blurred image of ben affleck 's face appears shortly before a masked batman appears , followed by the two superheroes coming face to face. the highly anticipated footage was set to premiere in imax theaters on monday.
an elderly couple has spent four years living in the shadows after being forced to board up their windows because of constant anti-social behaviour. charles kingham , 86 , and partner pauline moore , 68 , have been together for 40 years and bought their home in the quiet lincolnshire seaside resort of mablethorpe for # 35,000 in 1987. they spent two years converting it into their dream home , but it became a ` living hell ' after it was converted into an integrated offender management centre , which deals with persistent criminals. scroll down for video. the pair have both suffered health problems as a result of the stress the ordeal has put them under.
borussia dortmund 's nuri sahin claims arsenal tried to lure him from the bundesliga with a ` great bid ' but the turkey international did n't go because his family wanted to stay in germany. the former real madrid and liverpool midfielder , now back at dortmund , attracted interest from the gunners back in 2005 when he was playing in the under 17s. ` arsenal wanted to sign me with a great bid. borussia dortmund 's nuri sahin claims arsenal tried to lure him from the bundesliga with a ` great bid ' ` they knew that dortmund would rise again.
ask any peruvian where the best place to party is and you 'll always get the same reply : ` puno ! ' the city 's colourful fiestas , combining spanish and inca traditions , often last for days. men dress as multi-coloured dragons or monsters , while local women , known as cholitas , wear skirts puffed up with petticoats and small bowler hats. this city of 100,000 souls on the shores of lake titicaca could leave you breathless for all the wrong reasons. situated on a vast plateau in the andes , at an altitude north of 13,000 ft , it is higher than any alpine ski resort , and you need to go gently the first few days you 're here.
as jimmy anderson prepares to play his 100th test - needing only three wickets to equal ian botham 's england-record haul of 383 - sportsmail 's lawrence booth spoke to those who knew him and played with him in his early days for burnley , lancashire and england. england quick james anderson plays his 100th test match in antigua against the west indies from monday. anderson needs just three wickets to go level with sir ian botham as england 's top test wicket taker. burnley cc team-mate , now club chairman. playing in the lancashire league , he 'd regularly get the opposition professional out.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- hi-ho , kermit the frog has some competition. a newly discovered species of glassfrog looks an awful lot like the famous muppet. bulging white eyes , kelly green skin , the works. scientists found the species on the caribbean slopes of costa rica. this is big news in the scientific community. the last time a new glassfrog was found in costa rica was back in 1973 , according to the costa rican amphibian research center. `` costa rica is known to have 14 glassfrogs inhabiting its tiny national territory ! '' the center 's facebook page said. it 's called a glassfrog because of its translucent belly.
b -rrb- being a global leader in imprisoning the highest number of human beings -- its own citizens. but the unfortunate reality is that the united states leads the world in incarceration , not education. our country has shown time and again a nearly unlimited capacity to reinvent itself and move closer to the ideals on which our society was founded. while our country is home to only 5 % of the world 's total population , we are home to 25 % of the world 's prison population. and nearly three fourths of this population is comprised of nonviolent offenders.
aston villa and reading have been charged by the football association in relation to crowd disturbances occurring after their fa cup quarter-final matches. it is alleged that villa and reading failed to prevent spectators encroaching on the pitch following the clubs ' sixth-round victories against west brom and bradford respectively. reading fans invaded the pitch after the fa cup quarter-final replay against bradford at madejski stadium. aston villa supporters mobbed fabian delph and co after they beat west brom at villa park. the midlands club 's 2-0 win at villa park had to be temporarily stopped as fans spilled onto the pitch towards the end of the game and the full-time whistle prompted a mass pitch invasion , as tim sherwood 's side booked their place at wembley.
in a retweet on thursday , a staffer to real estate magnate donald trump managed to capture the coarsest background conversations americans are having about former secretary of state hillary clinton 's personal baggage. ` if hillary clinton ca n't satisfy her husband , ' a texas-cowgirl college student tweeted , ` what makes her think she can satisfy america ? ' when someone retweeted the quip two hours later and included trump 's twitter handle in the message , one of the billionaire 's staffers retweeted it for him -- to his audience of 2.8 million people. scroll down for video.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- silent , almost shy as she headed into manhattan criminal court , ailina tsarnaeva was anything but timid when it came to a perceived rival , prosecutors say. according to a criminal complaint , tsarnaeva threatened a woman in a phone call this summer , saying `` leave my man alone. considering who was making the threats , prosecutors did n't consider it a joke and charged tsarnaeva with aggravated harassment , which she denies. leaving court last december , she and her lawyer refused to discuss the case. tsarnaeva is the sister of dzhokhar and tamerlan tsarnaev.
didier drogba was utterly exhausted and emotionally drained as he and john terry held each other up through a post-match flash interview. drogba is into his 38th year and could be doing something a little more leisurely than leading the line through 90 minutes at the sharp end of the season. centre-forward is a demanding role in any team , let alone one of jose mourinho 's. ramires celebrates his stunning third goal by putting the ball under his shirt as he congratulated by cesar azpilicueta. ramires -lrb- right -rrb- struck his effort with such power that he had both feet off the ground at one point.
ac milan has slammed alleged racism towards one of its youth teams as ` simply unacceptable. ' black players of milan 's under-10 team were allegedly subject to heckling and racist abuse during sunday 's 4-0 win over paris saint-germain in the universal cup. ' kevin prince boateng -lrb- right -rrb- gestures to the crowd after being racially abused during a friendly in 2013. boateng wears a shirt showing his support for anti-racism campaigns during a serie a game in januaray. milan plays benfica in monday 's semi-finals of the prestigious youth tournament , which is taking place in forte dei marmi in tuscany.
the ability to fly. scroll down for video. the father created a photo series called ` wil can fly ' in which the toddler appears to be flying in many different scenes. lawrence , who began taking the photos when wil was just months old , created the illusion by holding his son up in the photos and later cropping himself out. he posted the photos on his blog -- that dad blog -- and later on his instagram account. after receiving positive feedback , lawrence decided to compile the photos in a calendar and plans to donate half the proceeds to two down syndrome foundations , ksl reports.
lewis hamilton is getting inside teammate nico rosberg 's head as the german bids to win his first world championship title , according to two time winner mika hakkinen. rosberg accused mercedes team-mate hamilton of deliberately compromising his race at last weekend 's chinese grand prix by slowing down but mika hakkinen said the british driver 's tactics , which saw him win a third consecutive grand prix ahead of the german , were entirely legitimate. lewis hamilton celebrates his win with the mercedes team , but nico rosberg appears less pleased with 2nd. rosberg accused hamilton of being selfish by driving too slow and compromising his second position.
but it is unknown for certain what the rectangular island and its labyrinthine ruins , located in a lake in deepest siberia , was actually used for when it was built 1,300 years ago. historians and scientists are divided , but some experts believe the isolated area may have been built to attract people instead imprisoning them , and suggest it was a summer palace , monastery , or an astronomical observatory. the mysterious island , por-bajin , was found in the centre of a remote lake high in the mountains of southern siberia. the fortress is located about 3,800 km from moscow near the mongolian border.
a paratrooper who braved heavy taliban fire to rescue a wounded comrade received the victoria cross from the queen yesterday. she told lance corporal joshua leakey : ` i do n't get to give this one out very often. ' but in fact the 27-year-old is the second member of his family to receive the highest military decoration for valour -- a cousin was given the honour 70 years ago. scroll down for video. the queen awards a victoria cross to lance corporal joshua leakey , who showed immense bravery by drawing enemy fire and helping his comrades before taking the fight to the taliban in august 2013.
a former nfl player has revealed that his mother demanded he pay her one million dollars as the cost for ` raising him for the last 18 years ' after he was drafted into the professional league. phillip buchanon was a first-round draft pick for the oakland raiders , and seventeenth overall , when his mother made the request in 2002. buchanon , who also played for the houston texans , tampa bay buccaneers , detroit lions and washington redskins before retiring in 2011 , discussed the incident in his recently released book new money : stay rich. former nfl player phillip buchanon -lrb- pictured here playing for the oakland raiders -rrb- has revealed his mother demanded he pay her one million dollars as the cost ` for raising him for the last 18 years ' after he was drafted.
stretch marks are something that most women of all shapes , sizes and ages have. the 29-year-old sports illustrated star is seen cross-legged after an all-day cooking session and says : ` bruises from bumping kitchen drawer handles for a week. stretchies say hi ! ' women have been taken to instagram to share pictures of their stretch marks after the body chrissy teigen posted an image of hers to the social networking site. since then hundreds of other women have rushed to join the wife of john legend , proudly posting photographs of their own stretch marks to the social media site.
the acting chief executive of the clinton foundation acknowledged that the global philanthropy made mistakes in how it disclosed its donors amid growing scrutiny as hillary rodham clinton opens her presidential campaign. the fund had been facing allegations of improper behavior after reports surfaced about undisclosed donations from foreign governments and a donor who was selling his uranium company to a russian state agency at the same time the state department had to approve the sale. ' however , the tempered apology came the same day that a government watchdog said that the charity seemed like a ` slush fund ' for one of america 's most powerful political families.
a second person has been charged over a doorstep acid attack on a property developer that left him scarred for life and suffering a loss of vision. property developer andreas christopheros , 29 , was left fighting for his life when corrosive liquid was thrown in his face outside his home in truro , cornwall. nicole phillips , 45 , from hastings in east sussex , has been charged with perverting the course of justice and is due to appear at bodmin magistrates court on april 30. her husband david phillips , 48 , had already been charged with grievous bodily harm with intent.
a new york city mother has fled to germany with her daughter during a custody battle , police claim. ulrike berger , 44 , is barred by a court order from leaving the country with seven-year-old kaia. manhunt : police are searching for ulrike berger , 44 , -lrb- left -rrb- and her seven-year-old daughter kaia -lrb- right -rrb-. it is believed the pair boarded a plane from new york to germany on march 22 , violating a custody court order. police say the pair were last seen at berger 's home in boerun hill , brooklyn , at 10am on march 21 , when kaia 's father dropped her off.
chelsea took a giant step towards the premier league title with a hard-fought 1-0 victory against manchester united. eden hazard 's sublime strike in the 38th minute proved crucial as jose mourinho 's side extended their lead at the top of the standings. here , sportsmail 's oliver todd rates the players ' performances at stamford bridge. branislav ivanovic had a tough afternoon marking marouane fellaini -lrb- left -rrb- but he did well in the air throughout. thibaut courtois 6 - while united dominated , not much to do. branislav ivanovic 6 - tough afternoon trying to get close to fellaini but did well every time the ball came into the box in the air.
star wars : rogue one , starring felicity jones , which is slated for release in december 2016. the jedis are all but extinct , the old republic is in turmoil and the threat of the death star is looming in ` rogue one , ' fans learned at star wars celebration on sunday. gareth edwards who directed godzilla debuted a tantalizing trailer to preview the mysterious film , which is part of a series of films exploring other stories outside of the core ` star wars ' saga. before the empire , ' says alec guinness as obi wan kenobi in a voiceover reprised from 1977 's star wars : a new hope.
new york mets closer jenrry mejia has been suspended for 80 games without pay after testing positive for the banned substance stanozolol , major league baseball said on sunday. ' i know the rules are the rules and i will accept my punishment , but i can honestly say i have no idea how a banned substance ended up in my system , ' mejia said in a statement issued by the players union. jenrry mejia has been suspended for 80 games without pay after testing positive for a banned substance. ` i 'm sorry to the mets organization , my teammates and the fans , as well as my family.
a florida childrens hospital has installed a ` catcam ' to let patients play remotely with abandoned animals. patients at wolfson children 's hospital are able to remotely play with animals at the jacksonville humane society shelter. scroll down for video. the system uses high-definition cameras and interactive toys. the idaho firm behind the system has already installed its system in 10 animals shelters across the us , letting anyone play with cats via the system - and plans to sell a version for pet owners via kickstarter next month. ` play through programs like the play with cats project has a powerful normalizing effect on a child 's hospital stay , ' said wolfson children 's hospital president michael aubin.
this is the deafening moment a mother of six boys finds out she 's finally having a girl after the seventh time trying. video shows cher lair from apex , north carolina , cutting into a cake at her gender reveal party with family gathered around. she did not know the sex of her baby and gave the scan results to a baker. as she lifts up a slice of pink sponge , she can hardly believe her eyes and proceeds to scream out in excitement. ' bystanders can be heard cheering and clapping in the background as they watch the scene unfold.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- thinking about presidential candidates ? apparently , hormones are a major factor one should consider. according to one female businesswoman in texas , hillary clinton should n't be president because her hormones might make her so irrational she 'll start an unnecessary war. when george w. bush waged an unnecessary war in iraq -- was his testosterone to blame ? as cheryl rios , the ceo of go ape marketing , sees it : `` we 're built differently , we have different hormones. throughout history , male hormones have indeed impaired some male leaders ' decision-making. studies show that women leaders take fewer unnecessary risks than their male counterparts.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- in the beginning ... there was the bible , and it was a very good book. but this catholic had n't read it -- at least , not from cover to cover. at work this week , i was talking with some colleagues about pope francis ' upcoming trip to the united states. i have never read the bible from genesis to revelation. my excuse always has been that catholics have their bible passages read to them at mass every sunday. still , it made me wonder : why i had not read the good book cover to cover ? i took a scriptures class in 9th grade of my catholic high school , but we moved through that year with only selected passages to journal about.
a very clever bearded dragon appears to have mastered the art of the english language , responding when she 's asked whether she wants something to eat. liz the bearded dragon , who lives with owner shannen hussein , 21 , on her hobby farm in melbourne , is the star of a recent video taken at mealtime. liz the bearded dragon responds to her owner when asked ` are you hungry ? ' the reptile nods her head after hearing her owner shannen hussein speaking to her. the bearded dragon is then rewarded for her conversational skills with a superworm treat , which she ` absolutely loves '.
as a modest 34b i 've experimented with every push-up , plunge and balcony bra there is , so i 'm intrigued to learn of a new # 150 bra that claims to take you from a b-cup to a dd in an instant. the scandfit try size -- dubbed ` the boob-job bra ' -- was developed to help women about to go under the knife decide what size implants to have. scroll down for video. at a size 34b , annabel cole -lrb- pictured without the bra -rrb- has long dreamed of having a bigger bust but would never have surgery , so she decided to put ` the boob-job bra ' through its paces.
the ` battle of holland ' was nothing short of sensational as raymond van barnevald defeated world no 1 michael van gerwen - earning the bragging rights and giving himself a fighting chance of qualifying for the showdown at the 02 arena. the reigning premier league darts champion started well and found himself 2-0 up , before van gerwen began to score high and leveled the legs up. raymond van barneveld was in formidable form as he won ` the battle of holland ' against michael van gerwen. but van barneveld lived up to his legendary status , with scintillating finishing to ease past his dutch counterpart , 7-3 , and end his previously unbeaten record.
the teenager who was famously pictured in a bloodied state in his mugshot after he sexually abused an 11-year-old boy and was beaten unconscious by the child 's father has been jailed for 25 years. raymond frolander , 18 , was beaten to a pulp by the furious father after he walked in on the teenager performing a sexual act on his son at his home in daytona beach , florida , last july. after frolander 's arrest , police released his mugshot , which saw him sporting swollen lips and eyes , black bruises and lacerations to his face. now , the defendant has been sentenced to a quarter of a century in prison by circuit judge leah case after pleading no contest to lewd and lascivious molestation of a victim younger than 12.
charles tillman has concluded his storied 12-year career with the chicago bears. the veteran cornerback has agreed a deal with the carolina panthers with the two-time pro bowler opting to link-up with ron rivera. at the age of 34 and after another injury-hit season , the new bears hierarchy did not express an interest in keeping tillman on the roster. charles tillman has ended his chicago career but remains a favourite for his work on and off the field. drafted in the second round from louisiana lafeyette in 2003 , tillman became a staple of lovie smith 's stingy defense , which propelled the bears to super bowl xli.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- the greater adjutant stork is a majestic bird. `` they are intelligent birds. the dirty , wet conditions of the landfill attracted the endangered stork , and the stork attracted bouldry. through a series of photos taken within a day , he captures what it 's like to live inside one of the largest dumping grounds in india. the boragaon landfill is located in the city of guwahati , about 300 miles from bangladesh near the bhutanese border. -lrb- other landfills , bouldry says , contain older , compacted trash. for the past seven years , bouldry has traveled the world photographing landfills.
a workaday local news report on a brush fire came to an adorable ending when it inadvertently captured a kitten being rescued. as the camera zoomed in , live footage showed firefighters plucking a tiny black kitten from the edges of the smoldering blaze. it 's behind you : wplg reporter roger lohse had almost finished an unremarkable report on a fire when it was pointed out that a kitten was being rescued behind him. as lohse noticed the live rescue , he ran over to two firefightings holding the lost kitten in a towel , and asked where it had been found.
judd trump was in confident mood after safely moving through to the second round of the betfred world championship in sheffield. trump led 7-2 overnight and many thought he would make light work of stuart carrington but he was made to battle before eventually securing a 10-6 victory. the 25-year-old closed with a century and will now face marco fu in the next round. judd trump beat stuart carrington 10-6 on thursday in the first round of the world championship. ' a re-rack was required in the 10th frame but that did not distract carrington who produced a break of 97 to reduce the gap to four.
a young mother is desperately trying to raise money for an expensive cancer treatment which could buy her more time with her family. louisa steckenreuter , 35 , a mother to two young children , darcy , 13 , and tilda , 2 , was diagnosed with osteosarcoma , a rare form of cancer last year. now to have a chance at accessing potentially life-saving treatment the woman from dulwich hill , in sydney 's inner-west , needs to raise $ 100,000. ' i was diagnosed on the 23rd of june last year , ' ms steckenreuter told daily mail australia.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- the seventh installment of the `` fast and furious '' franchise , '' `` furious 7 '' is sure to draw fans curious about how the film handles the real-life death of co-star paul walker. peter travers , rolling stone : '' ` furious 7 ' is the best f&f by far , two hours of pure pow fueled by dedication and passionate heart. the usual flaws -- plot bumps , muscle acting , tweet-length dialogue -- fade in the face of the camaraderie on and off screen. finishing the film in walker 's honor clearly brought out the best in everyone.
this just days before a judge will decide if she must hand over $ 2.8 million in gifts she received from her ex , embattled former los angeles clippers owner donald sterling. she was joined for the male by an older male companion -lrb- above -rrb-. the italian restaurant , owned by chef giacomino drago , is known for its celebrity clientele , and is a favorite of stars including the hiltons and kardashians. meanwhile , a los angeles county superior court judge is set to decide if stiviano must return gifts to her ex sterlung after he and his wife shelly took her to court.
steve bruce has promised his wife janet he will go on a diet after unflattering paparazzi pictures of him on a barbados beach were publicised. steve bruce was looking larger than life after being snapped holidaying in barbados with alan shearer. bruce has promised his wife janet he will slim down after seeing the unflattering snaps. fa chairman greg dyke recently outlined new proposals , including increasing the number on homegrown players in a squad of 25 to 12 , in effort to improve the national team. and bruce agreed with dyke , before going on to question how his former club manchester united , along wide liverpool and manchester city , recruit players.
unbeaten championship leaders leigh delivered a stunning knockout blow as super league club salford crashed out of the ladbrokes challenge cup. the build-up to the fifth-round tie was dominated by the selection by leigh of former england forward gareth hock despite an agreement not to play against his old club , but he played little part in their downfall. unbeaten championship leaders leigh delivered a stunning knockout blow as super league club salford crashed out of the ladbrokes challenge cup. hock , one of five ex-salford players in the home line-up , spent just 25 minutes on the field in two spells and looked well short of match fitness.
tim sherwood and chris ramsey may become a united force again in seasons to come. they could continue as rival managers. whatever happens , they will remember this night when they went toe to toe for 90 minutes of top-flight football. their teams ' premier league statuses were not decided on tuesday night , but this felt like a sliding-doors moment that directed their paths. tim sherwood and chris ramsey embrace each other as they met at villa park on tuesday night. there was adrenaline , action , twists and turns as ramsey and sherwood went head to head at villa park.
it was hardly becher 's brook - one of aintree 's most notorious fences - but cody somehow found himself stuck in the bog in belvedere , south-east london. crew members climbed into the watery ditch as they tried to ease the distressed animal to safety on friday afternoon. sticky situation : animal rescue experts spent more than an hour rescuing cody after he wandered into a bog. cody was covered head to hoof in mud after being dragged to safety , but - despite being shaken by the ordeal - was otherwise unharmed. borough commander for bexley richard welch said crews worked hard to save the horse.
the worst storm in a decade in nsw has killed three people , left 215,000 homes without power and caused commuter chaos with severe flash flooding but has n't appeared to deter surfers chasing the perfect wave. as the light was fading on monday , three men could be seen scaling huge walls of waves at deadman 's point in manly , sydney. on tuesday waves reached spectacular heights of 11.2 metres , according to the manly hydraulics laboratory , but this one later in the day appears even larger. ' scroll down for video. maitland vale road at lambs valley in the hunter region , taken by a local named cherie , was ripped up from the ground.
sometimes a shrill alarm tone is n't enough to get you out of bed. lori smith filmed her pooch boomer being repeatedly hit as she lay with her head resting on the ledge of her electronic dog door. after more than 20 seconds and numerous head taps , boomer appears resting in the same position. caught on camera : lori smith filmed her pooch boomer being repeatedly hit as she lay with her head resting on the ledge of her electronic dog door. nightmare : with the door jammed , it is seen constantly moving up and down hitting her skull each time .
with overcast conditions and moisture in the air , it 's easy to see why the out-of-nick alastair cook put west indies in to bat. on test match special , graeme swann revealed the exact moment cook 's form with the bat took a turn for the worse. he said : ` two years ago when england were in new zealand , brendon mccullum said cook was the closest thing to don bradman. ' alastair cook 's former team-mate graeme swann pointed out when the england captain 's form turned. while the rain came down in the morning , there was much talk of whether yorkshire 's leg-spinning all-rounder adil rashid would play in this test.
more than 100,000 people on the coast of the pacific northwest are in the path of a potentially deadly tsunami that could be similar to the one in 2011 that ravaged parts of japan. the new study highlights the areas in washington , oregon and california that would require more time to successfully evacuate for higher ground in the case of the next natural disaster. also in danger are 486 public venues , 440 dependent care facilities and 2,314 businesses with a ` significant customer presence '. scroll down for video. a tsunami evacuation route sign in nehalem , oregon , just one of the pacific northwest communities in the path of a potentially deadly tsunami that could be similar to the one in 2011 that ravaged parts of japan.
disabled children can face a lot of challenges - but one photographer from washington wants to make sure they recognize that they all have a super-human ability to conquer any challenge set before them. for the superhero project , renee bergeron , 38 , photographs children with special needs as superheroes , dressing them up with capes , goggles , and wands in order to make them feel like they can do anything. ` let 's face it , though -- these kids are all fighters. ' caped crusader : avery , pictured , was photographed for renee bergeron 's superhero project ; avery was born prematurely , has had multiple brain surgeries , and has a feeding tube in her stomach.
phil jagielka swapped everton 's training ground for a kitchen earlier this week as he learned to cook a traditional thai dish to celebrate the sacred festival of songkran. the toffees have been sponsored by thai beverage chang beer for over 11 years and jagielka , who scored the winner against southampton on saturday , was on hand to visit chaophraya restaurant in liverpool for a special cookery lesson. having teamed up with expert chef kim kaewkraikhot , everton 's captain prepared some pad thai - a stir-fried noodle dish - before taste testing his own food. everton defender phil jagielka shares a joke with thai chef kim kaewkraikhot at chaophraya restaurant.
ahead of this weekend 's premier league action , sportsmail will be providing you with all you need to know about every fixture , with team news , provisional squads , betting odds and opta stats. here is all the information you need for chelsea 's home clash with stoke ... chelsea vs stoke city -lrb- stamford bridge -rrb-. chelsea will make a late decision on whether diego costa will play in saturday 's match with stoke. the striker suffered a hamstring injury in the premier league leaders ' win at hull last time out and withdrew from spain duty , but may not be risked despite being passed fit following the international break.
now , researchers have created a special robo-explorer to borrow into the ice and record the first footage of what lies on the seabed below the ross ice shelf. the icefin was deployed -lrb- and retrieved -rrb- the vehicle through a 12-inch diameter hole through 20 meters of ice and another 500 meters of water to the sea floor. scroll down for video. one of the unique creatures spotted on the seabed.the icefin was deployed -lrb- and retrieved -rrb- the vehicle through a 12-inch diameter hole through 20 meters of ice and another 500 meters of water to the sea floor.
a monster crocodile has been caught devouring a one metre long lizard in one bite at a river. fishing guide carol gleeson watched as the hungry fresh water crocodile swallowed the water monitor whole , which is a type of goanna , at the mary river near pine creek in northern territory. after feasting on its ' meal , the three-metre reptile noticed ms gleeson from a distance before it submerged into the water. ` it was a real shock , ' ms gleeson told daily mail australia. ' ms gleeson has been living by the mary river station for more than 15 years where she runs the mary river australian safaris.
cardiff city will have no supporters present at saturday 's championship game against leeds united at elland road after the welsh club backed their fans in handing back their allocation of 500 tickets. both clubs have a history of fan trouble but leeds have not confirmed whether the decision for such a low number of tickets was down to the club , council or police , when they would usually offer in excess of 2,500 tickets to away fans. cardiff city will have no supporters present at saturday 's championship game against leeds united. the club , including ceo ken choo -lrb- far left -rrb- have thrown their backing behind a fans ' boycott of the game.
on february 14 , 1998 , new kid on the block michael owen scored a hat-trick for liverpool in a 3-3 draw with sheffield wednesday at hillsborough. the expectation surrounding owen escalated , and the intro for the next day 's report in the liverpool echo said it all : ` brazil have ronaldo. liverpool , and now england , have michael owen. ' michael owen was the new kid on the block in the premier league and scored three at hillsborough in 1998. owen celebrates as he scores his hat-trick against sheffield wednesday on february 14 , 1998. england 's young striker owen makes a run during the 1998 world cup against argentina in france.
tens of millions of people in china marked the annual ` tomb sweeping festival ' this weekend by travelling home to their ancestral villages. families across the country descended on graveyards to clean their tombs of the deceased and honour their loved ones , burning fake paper money and leaving their favourite food and drink to ensure they are not poor or hungry in the afterlife. a grand and colourful ceremony was held in honour of the ` yellow emperor ' huangdi in huangling county , shaanxi province. lines of dancers take to the stage as part of the celebration , which was watched by thousands of people during the public holiday.
he 'll tee off this week at the masters on his third. erik compton shares a joke with jim furyk during a practice round at augusta ahead of the masters. a first heart transplant at 12 , then a second in 2008 after a major heart attack - what doctors call a ` widow-maker ' - while driving home from a lesson with longtime coach and close pal charlie delucca. compton , 35 , is set to make his first appearance at the famous tournament this week. but he 's spent most of the intervening years battling on minor league circuits , then becoming an advocate and spokesman for donate life , an alliance for national and local groups raising awareness about organ and tissue donation.
four seasons set out to recreate their famed hotel experience in the sky in a bid to cater to the growing demand among modern luxury travellers. revealed in a minute-long video , the aeroplane is displayed sitting on a runway and is featured alongside many of the in-flight perks that accompany the experience. scroll down for video. each four seasons journey includes air travel , ground transportation , planned excursions and all meals and beverages throughout the trip. the inside of the aircraft features leather flat-bed seats , which are the work of italian design iacobucci. los angeles - kona - bora bora - sydney - bali - chiang mai - taj mahal and mumbai - prague - london.
elijah overcomer , 26 , left gloriavale , a town of about 500 on new zealand 's west coast , with his wife , rosanna , 29 , and their children in late march 2013. shortly following their departure , the family watched the 2004 psychological thriller the village , by m. night shyamalan. mr overcomer said the film - where residents of a pretend 19th century town fear the ` wicked ' outside world - was a ` good comparison with our community ' , especially in their views of the greater world. you 're told if you leave gloriavale you 're lost , you lose your salvation.
the plus-size clothing retailer has launched an ad campaign for its cacique line titled #imnoangel , seeking to `` redefine sexy. the lingerie giant was criticized last year for a campaign featuring the words `` perfect body '' over images of slender supermodels , and business insider reports that it is under increasing pressure from consumers to offer larger sizes. `` our ' #imnoangel ' campaign is designed to empower all women to love every part of herself , '' chief executive officer linda heasley said in a statement. `` lane bryant firmly believes that she is sexy and we want to encourage her to confidently show it , in her own way.
raheem sterling first came to the attention of the wider world in a tv documentary charting brendan rodgers ' early days in charge of liverpool in the summer of 2012. in footage from a pre-season training session , the liverpool manager is seen rebuking sterling -- then a talented but largely untried teenager -- for answering him back. now sterling is a 20-year-old england international and a cornerstone of liverpool 's first team. raheem sterling has turned down a new deal with liverpool and put off contract talks until the summer. sterling has come a long way since being lectured by brendan rodgers during being liverpool.
mini-bottles of shampoo and complimentary bottles of fizz have come to be expected as standard hotel fare among discerning travellers. whether it 's a temporary pet fish , placed in your room and cared for by hotel staff , or a ` best man for hire ' to help make a couple 's special day that much better , these hotels have redefined what it means to go the extra mile. mailonline travel looks at the world 's most unusual , excessive hotel amenities. at over 50 locations of the kimpton hotel chain in the us , staff will put a goldfish in any guest 's room.
it 's been a frustrating few weeks but at our end we are trying everything we can to make the fight that everyone in this country wants to see -- scott quigg against carl frampton. you 'll have seen by now that we have offered frampton # 1.5 million for the fight -- all he has to do is turn up , we will take all the risks. if they do , cash the cheque and come to the manchester arena on july 18. scott quigg is desperate to fight carl frampton and has offered him # 1.5 million to do so on july 18.
mirko ` cro crop ' filipovic is desperate to scratch his eight-year itch when he takes on gabriel gonzaga in poland on saturday. cro crop lost to the brazilian in 2007 when a first-round head kick brought a swift end to the bout at ufc 70. mirko filipovic -lrb- right -rrb- faces gabriel gonzaga in poland on saturday , eight years after losing to the brazilian. in 2007 , filipovic -lrb- right -rrb- was beaten by a first-round head kick and wants to avenge that defeat. filipovic admitted revenge is a motivating factor ahead of the encounter against gonzaga. ` he -lsb- gonzaga -rsb- is a big guy.
a sales manager who claimed he was left too disabled to work after a ` minor ' road accident ten years ago has been accused of attempting a # 600,000 fraud - after being pictured out in a coffee shop with his celebrity friend max clifford. kevin morgan , 55 , of weybridge in surrey , was injured when a land rover discovery reversed into his stationary rover 75 while he was working in dorset in september 2005. but as his # 600,000 damages claim began at the central london county court , he was accused of a staggering fraud by motor insurers , direct line group.
a contestant on the price is right has walked away with a $ 21,960 car for free courtesy of a dumb mistake by the model hired to reveal the answers on the daytime quiz show. the model and host drew carey both gasped after she revealed the true price of the hyundai sonata se before contestant andrea had finished guessing. a contestant on the price is right has walked away with a $ 21,960 car for free courtesy of a dumb mistake by the model hired to reveal the answers on the daytime quiz show. model manuela arbelaez , left , ca n't hid her embarassment as contestant andrea , right , celebrates her win.
health officials say a drug-resistant mutant super-strain of a nasty stomach bug has made its way into the u.s. and is spreading - already causing more than 200 illnesses since last may. the symptoms include diarrhea , stomach cramps and nausea. outbreaks of the shigella bacteria are not unusual , but this strain is resistant to the antibiotic most commonly prescribed for adults. the centers for disease control and prevention released the report thursday. the superbug sickened at least 243 people , in 32 states and puerto rico. sometimes antibiotics are prescribed , especially for more serious cases. cdc director tom frieden said in a statement : ` these outbreaks show a troubling trend in shigella infections in the united states.
on saturday evening , nac breda manager robert maaskant let his fists do the talking as his side did just that against fc dordrecht. after being two goals to the good at the interval thanks to goals from dutch-moroccan forward adnane tighadouini , relegation battlers nac seemed to be heading towards three vital points against the team rooted to the bottom of the eredivisie. nac breda manager robert maaskant takes out his anger on the substitutes bench on saturday evening. after his side give up a two-goal lead the 46-year-old smashes through the plastic casing of the dugout. the livid nac manager then turns to his bench to further express his dissatisfaction.
chelsea moved another step closer to securing the premier league title , after cesc fabregas scored an 87 minute winner at loftus road , to condemn queens park rangers to a devastating defeat. jose mourinho 's side struggled to get into their rhythm and had thibaut courtois to thank , following a series of impressive saves to deny charlie austin and matt phillips. here 's how sportsmail rated each player ... queens park rangers. rob green - his dreadful kick led to chelsea 's late winner. steven caulker - alongside onuoha , the defender dealt with drogba 's threat excellently. nedum onuoha - strong display from the versatile defender , who now looks at home at centre-back.
a second ice cream company has recalled all of its products after health officials found listeria in a sample of its frozen treats. jeni 's splendid ice creams of ohio said on its website on thursday that it is recalling its frozen products after the listeria discovery. the company is recalling its ice creams , frozen yogurts , sorbets , and ice cream sandwiches and closing retail stores until its products are ` ensured to be 100 per cent safe '. scroll down for video. jeni 's splendid ice creams of ohio announced on thursday that it has initiated a voluntary recall of all of its ice creams , frozen yogurts , sorbets and ice cream sandwiches.
this incredible video shows the moment a world freediving champion jumped into the world 's second deepest underwater sink hole. the dramatic footage shows guillame néry standing at the edge before jumping in - all without scuba gear and simply holding his breath. and in the video he seemingly reaches the bottom of the 660ft -lrb- 200 metes -rrb- hole before swimming back to the surface. french free diver jumped into dean 's blue hole in the bahamas. the hole is 660ft -lrb- 200 metres -rrb- deep , although he does n't go to the bottom. free divers are able to hold their breath for more than 20 minutes.
the u.s surgeon general has enlisted elmo to urge american children to get vaccinated in the wake of recent national debate over the right to refuse immunization. a campaign video sees dr vivek murthy and the sesame street favourite go through the process of getting vaccinated and explaining to children -lrb- and parents -rrb- why it is so important. scroll down for video. campaign : surgeon general vivek murthy and elmo explain why getting vaccinated is crucial to keep other children safe and healthy. ' the video , produced by the daily dot , is accompanied by a shorter 30-second video of elmo and the surgeon general released by the department of health and human services.
clorox has apologized for a social media misstep after the household products company sparked outrage by tweeting ` where 's the bleach ' in reference to last week 's introduction of new 'em oji ' cartoons for iphones that include several faces of people with black and brown skin. the maker of clorox bleach and other products says it was attempting a humorous reference to other emoji symbols for objects like toilets and bathtubs that people use bleach to clean. controversy : clorox has apologized after the company sparked outrage by tweeting ` where 's the bleach ' in reference to last week 's introduction of new 'em oji ' cartoons for iphones that include several faces of people with black and brown skin.
authorities in texas have banned a seemingly-innocent personalized number plate after three years attached to a swish lamborghini. the authority has written mr hassan a letter explaining that the license plate would be cancelled in a month , writing : ` it has been determined that the personalization is offensive '. the personalized license plate which the texan department for motor vehicles deemed was ` offensive ' cheeky : the real license plate on the left hand side - but look what it reads when it is turned upside down. owner safer hassan said he plans to appeal the decision by the texan department for motor vehicles.
with its stuffed rhino heads and gleaming white tusks , the trophy room at sandringham was a relic of a bygone era -- as well as rather embarrassing for animal welfare crusader prince william. all 62 items -- including an indian tiger , a leopard , skins and tusks -- have been placed in storage. the drastic change was apparent when the estate reopened its doors to the public on saturday. following the winter closure , a new sign outside the sandringham museum makes pointed reference to how changing times have spelled the end for some exhibits. after explaining that the museum opened in 1928 to house george v 's collection of ` big game trophies ' , the message says : ` thankfully , due to the work of organisations like the world wide fund for nature , whose president was hrh prince philip until 1996 , this destructive era is drawing to a close -- the camera having replaced the gun in recording the sightings of these magnificent animals.
sergio perez fears ' a very painful year ' lies ahead if force india 's roll out of their upgraded car this season proves a dud. the additional knock-on effect means a delay in the introduction of the team 's b-spec model , which is now not due to be unveiled until the austrian grand prix in june. sergio perez walks through the paddock in shanghai ahead of sunday 's chinese grand prix. perez locks his brakes on his way to 10th place finish in the australian grand prix in march. the hope is perez and team-mate nico hulkenberg will then finally be able to compete for points finishes , rather than crossing fingers a top-10 spot comes their way via reliability issues for their rivals.
the girlfriend of a tv star 's son has posed in provocative images posted on social media in a bid to push the couple 's campaign to legalise marijuana. outrageous conceptual artist and son of television veteran terry willesee , jesse willesee , was arrested at sydney town hall for smoking weed at 4.20 pm on monday as part of the 420 campaign. joining him on his cannabis crusade is his girlfriend jasmine dinjar who has posed topless in underwear printed with marijuana leaves and with fingernails painted with the cannabis sign. jasmine dinjar has posted provocative images of her promoting the use of cannabis on instagram.
around one in seven couples suffer with infertility and an increasing number are seeking alternative therapies in the hope it will bring them a longed for baby. those who can afford it can turn to london 's famous private medical haven harley street , where dr xiao-ping zhai has been helping women conceive for decades using only traditional chinese medicine. now she 's invited bbc cameras inside the zhai clinic , which she opened in 1996 , to reveal the secrets of her success. dr xiao-ping zhai says she has used chinese medicine to help a thousand women become pregnant. dr zhai 's methods include acupuncture and prescribing a bespoke combination of chinese herbs which must be taken day and night.
harlequins have announced that fly-half tim swiel will return to the club next season on a full-time contract. swiel , 21 , spent four months on loan with quins earlier this term before heading back to the durban-based sharks in south africa. ` tim made a real impact with us on loan earlier in the season and we are delighted that the sharks have granted him his release to come back to us on a full-time basis , ' quins rugby director conor o'shea said. tim swiel will return to h. ' somerset-born swiel made 10 appearances during his loan spell , featuring in the european champions cup , aviva premiership and lv = cup .
as a man in a suit and on his cell phone walks by in the beginning of the video , erakat gets his attention. ' youtube entertainer yousef saleh erakat disguised himself as a homeless man to see what would happen if he offered people on the street his own money instead - and found out the results were less than kind. throughout the video he appears in a beanie and a cut-off hoodie jacket , holding a cardboard sign that reads , ` no one has every become poor from giving ' another man in a suit walks by , typing on his phone.
the woman looking back at me ? she 's gorgeous , intelligent and fabulous ! quite simply , i adore who i am -- inside and out. i 'm a size 10 , but even so i could do with dropping 10lbs. it 's hardly a big surprise the survey discovered 96 per cent of women chose the ` average ' option. from my experience , most women would rather strut out in public as naked as the day they were born than freely admit that not only are they good-looking , but they 're also -lrb- whisper it -rrb- beautiful.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- it 's not easy being the pope. not only does he shepherd nearly 1 billion catholic souls , he also leads a small but morally significant state with envoys and interests in nearly every country. as scholars like to say , the vatican has walked the line between spiritual and worldly concerns for centuries. at other times , popes have to make a hard choice : adopt the sharp tongue of a prophet or the discretion of a diplomat ? this sunday in rome , pope francis faced just such a dilemma. one hundred years ago , more than 1 million armenians -lrb- some estimates run as high as 1.5 million -rrb- died at the hand of the turks.
actress julia louis-dreyfus has revealed that the ultra-short hairstyle she models in the newest season of hbo 's political comedy veep was inspired by none other than presidential candidate hillary clinton. ` hillary clinton has gotten so much sh ** for her hairstyles over the years , ' julia , who also features on the cover of the supplement , explained. ' scroll down for video. strictly business : julia louis-dreyfus covers marie claire 's career-oriented supplement @work , which is featured in the may issue of the magazine. short and sweet : julia revealed that the ultra-short hairstyle she models in the newest season of hbo 's political comedy veep -lrb- pictured -rrb- was inspired by none other than presidential candidate hillary clinton.
blue bell ice cream announced friday that it has suspended operations at an oklahoma production facility that officials had previously connected to a foodborne illness linked to the deaths of three people. last month , the company and health officials said a 3-ounce cup of ice cream contaminated with listeriosis was traced to a plant in broken arrow , oklahoma. scroll down for video. blue bell ice cream has suspended operations at an oklahoma production facility that officials had previously connected to a foodborne illness linked to the deaths of three people. ten products recalled earlier in march were from a production line at a plant the company 's headquarters in brenham , texas.
standing just a few feet apart , the beachfront homes are virtually identical in every way , boasting an indoor swimming pool , four storeys and stunning sea views. but the prospective buyers might have to flip a coin to see who gets which one - because one of the homes comes with an extra en-suite bedroom. scroll down for video. two adjoining ` his and hers ' mansions have gone on the market on the world-renowned sandbanks peninsula for # 13 million. tom doyle , of estate agents lloyds property group which is selling both properties , said the homes would be perfect for a couple who like their independence.
what are the chances of finding musical talent by randomly approaching people on the street ? brisbane based dj-duo mashed n kutcher did just that when they offered a keyboard and microphone to members of the public and invited them to bash out a melody. the clip shows adam and matt , who choose not to give their full names , approach a busdriver and a 7-eleven clerk to have a bash on the keys before going in search of a singer. brisbane based singer ross bunbury offers his vocals to dj-duo mashed n kutcher in a viral video. ' the mystery runner then launches into a moving melody , seemingly leaving the djs lost for words.
a rescued baby orangutan whose heartbreaking plight captured the hearts of thousands , has gone on to find love. budi - who spent the first year of his life trapped in a chicken coup - was introduced to jemmi less than a month ago and now the two apes appear to be inseparable. indeed , video footage captured at the international animal rescue 's orangutan center in indonesia , shows the duo throwing adoring glances at each other as they share a dinner of fruit. love at first sight : budi - who spent the first year of his life trapped in a chicken coup - was introduced to jemmi less than a month ago and now the two apes appear to be inseparable.
this little bear cub has picked a comfy place to take an afternoon nap so should n't be grizzly when he wakes up. the heartwarming scenes , captured by professional photographer denis budkov , 35 , during a trip to kuril lake in kamchatka , in russia , show the animal family have bear-ly a concern in the world as they play and snooze in the sunshine. time to get up : one cub wakes up while the other bear-ly stirs as they are snapped after they take a nap on banks of a lake in russia. protector : the massive mother bear takes a look over her shoulder as one of her cubs puts a tiny paw on her side , hopeful of a cuddle.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- launching rockets is a complicated thing. spacex , the private space exploration company founded by billionaire elon musk , hopes to give it a try. but weather forced it to scrub monday 's plan to launch. spacex said on twitter that tuesday at 4:10 p.m. et will be the next opportunity for the company to launch a two-stage falcon 9 rocket carrying an uncrewed cargo spacecraft called dragon on a flight from cape canaveral , florida , to the international space station. after the launch , spacex will try to guide the bottom stage of the rocket upright onto a platform , or what it calls an autonomous spaceport drone ship , in the atlantic ocean off florida.
an eight-year-old boy who was made an outcast in his village and described by his own family as a ` ticking time bomb ' because he has hiv has been given a home at last. in a case that was condemned around the world , luo kun kun was expelled from his village when locals - including his own grandfather - signed a petition to banish him to ` protect villagers ' health '. but now a specialist school in linfen , a city in southern shanxi province , has stepped in to help. the red ribbon school is the only school in china equipped to look after and educate hiv-positive children.
veteran leeds prop kylie leuluai is facing the prospect of another six weeks on the sidelines after being told he needs shoulder surgery. the 37-year-old new zealander has not played since the super league leaders ' only defeat at warrington a month ago but coach brian mcdermott says his injury has now been properly diagnosed. kylie leuluai faces another six weeks out of action for the leeds rhinos after being told he needs surgery. '
a handwritten notebook in which britain 's enigma machine genius alan turing admits he is baffled by an equation could fetch up to $ 1million -lrb- # 690,000 -rrb-. the 56-page book bought in cambridge contains turing 's thoughts on the clearly tricky ` leibniz notation dx/dy '. scroll down for video. a handwritten notebook in which britain 's enigma machine genius alan turing admits he is baffled by an equation could fetch up to $ 1million -lrb- # 690,000 -rrb-. above , he wrote that the leibniz notation was ` extremely difficult ' it was written at the bletchley park code-breaking headquarters in 1942 and paved the way for computer science.
the internet 's most popular capybara enjoyed some downtime in the bath with its duckling friends. capybara joejoe who lives in las vegas with his owner cody kennedy , has almost 60,000 followers on instagram. the capybara called joejoe has near 60,000 instagram followers and lives in las vegas with his owner cody kennedy. sat in a shallow bath , the large rodent sits perfectly still while three energetic ducklings stand on its head and body. one falls from joejoe 's head -- hitting him in the eye on the way down , before splashing into the water -- but the capybara remains calm.
brian williams started embellishing his stories because he felt insecure following in tom brokaw 's very large footsteps at nbc , according to a new report. the network handed williams a six-month suspension in february after he acknowledged he had lied about being on board a helicopter that came under fire while reporting from iraq in 2003. a new report has claimed williams always felt insecure following him. ' exaggerations : during a report in february , pictured , williams recounted a tale of how he had been on a chinook that came under fire while in iraq in 2003 - but he had actually been in a separate aircraft.
ahead of this weekend 's premier league action , sportsmail will be providing you with all you need to know about every fixture , with team news , provisional squads , betting odds and opta stats. here is all the information you need for west ham 's home clash with stoke ... west ham united vs stoke city -lrb- upton park -rrb-. west ham. west ham will have ecuador forward enner valencia available again following a toe injury for saturday 's barclays premier league game against stoke at upton park. defender james tomkins has undergone shoulder surgery and hopes to be in contention again before the end of the season.
the 25-year-old cousin of princes william and harry was seen texting on her mobile as she navigated the concrete jungle on thursday. the british royal , who is currently working in new york , showcased her hipster style for the second day in a row wearing a black bowler hat , black leather top and a black and cream miniskirt. topshop striped zip through skirt. like the rest of the royals , princess eugenie must be counting down the days until the arrival of the duke and duchess of cambridge 's second baby. we love the zip front and patch pocket of this sixties-inspired style , which would look great dressed up with bare legs and heels , or down a la eugenie with tights and ankle boots.
a vodafone customer has slammed the network provider after she was bombarded with flirty texts from one of the firm 's call centre workers. adele berry , of reddish , greater manchester , spoke to the call handler when she contacted the mobile phone company over a problem with her bill. scroll down for video. adele berry has told of her shock after she was bombarded with texts from a vodafone call centre worker. ms berry was put through to a call centre in south africa when she phoned the company over the issue last month. the 21-year-old was stunned when she later received a string of messages from the man , who said his name is ` miguel '.
a former prison officer has claimed staff at one of britain 's toughest jails regularly arrange brutal fights between rival criminals behind bars. peter hiett , a decorated former prison guard at feltham young offenders institution , said staff would put inmates in a cell padded with mattresses and leave them to fight out any differences. he also said gangs controlled entire wings at the jail in hounslow , south west london , leaving staff afraid to visit some areas of the prison for fear of being attacked. scroll down for video. peter hiett , a decorated former prison guard at feltham young offenders institution in hounslow -lrb- pictured -rrb- , claims staff regularly arrange brutal fights between rival criminals behind bars at britain 's toughest jail.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- let 's start with a pop quiz -lrb- space junkies can skip this test -rrb-. 1 -rrb- the planet closest to the sun in our solar system. mercury orbits about 35,983,125 miles from the sun. compare that to earth -- we 're about 93 million miles from the sun. venus , on the other hand , the planet between earth and mercury , appears to be the brightest planet in the sky. pilot sends plane into dive after mistaking venus for oncoming plane. the nasa spacecraft messenger -lrb- an acronym for mercury surface , space environment , geochemistry , and ranging -rrb- is about to crash onto mercury.
sepang - malaysian grand prix. shanghai arrived with a bang in formula one and while races in recent seasons have n't quite had the same excitement seen during its early years , there is enough substance for it to be an intriguing watch on race day. for instance whether the chinese grand prix is held as a potential title decider late on in the year -lrb- 2004-2008 -rrb- or as an early opener -lrb- 2009-present -rrb- it can often be hit with outside variables ; wet conditions often sprinkling some unpredictability over a weekend. the track layout is also a challenging design.
but followers of gold coast training queen ashy bines were shocked to receive an email on saturday advertising one of her exclusive programs for an eye-popping $ us49 ,500 per year. ` there was a mistake in the wording , ' ms bines said in an email to her thousands of followers , after questions from daily mail australia. scroll down for video. ' i am a terrible speller myself hence why i have an editor and i think this is her first mistake in 4 years ! ' i apologise for the confusion and so does my editor '. one astonished follower wrote on ms bines ' facebook page at the weekend that she would be ` homeless and starving ' if she paid the originally advertised price.
shops are full of red dresses this year , so should you be tempted to trade in your lbd for an lrd ? it 's a colour that radiates energy and sexiness , but that can all be wrecked if the style does n't suit you. scroll down for video. lace may be back in fashion , but to me it 's unfailingly ageing. the unattractive shade of orangey-red is made worse by the colour of the underslip -- a queasy pale peach. the shallow v-neck does n't enhance my bust , the sash creates matronliness and the asymmetric lace around the neckline looks torn.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- a mysterious affliction has killed as many as 18 people in southwestern nigeria , leaving health officials scrambling to determine its cause. the cases have all occurred in nigeria 's ondo state since april 13 , health officials said sunday. dr. dayo adeyanju , ondo 's state commissioner for health , said 18 people have died and five people are being treated. the disease does not appear to be contagious , he said. symptoms include headaches , blurred vision , loss of sight and unconsciousness , adeyanju said. some suspect it may be the result of locally brewed alcohol.
stranded for up to five hours , they endured discomfort , frustration and danger more associated with travel in the third world. in fact they were among thousands on two commuter trains near clapham junction -- britain 's busiest interchange station -- during morning rush hour as services descended into chaos. scroll down for video. chaotic scenes : thousands of commuters were stranded on trains for up to five hours after a power failure at clapham junction station -lrb- pictured -rrb- in south-west london. heat : sami dodangeh tweeted a picture of police officers handing out water to passengers in stifling conditions.
there seems to be an app for everything these days and nowhere is this more obvious than in the food industry where developers seem to be releasing new ones almost daily. there are apps that help you choose the best wines , tell you the best places to eat dinner , and sometimes even nudge you in the right direction when it comes to planning your evening meal. where chefs eat -lrb- left -rrb- has more than 3,000 chef recommendations. love food hate waste -lrb- right -rrb- will store details of all the foods you have at home and alerts you to duplicate buys.
a trim 120-pound mother-of-four set a new world record this weekend and earned $ 6,000 in prize money after downing three 72-ounce steak dinners in just 20 minutes. competitive eater mary schuyler accomplished the stunning feat in front of hundreds at the big texan steak ranch restaurant in amarillo , texas on sunday. scroll down for video. winner , winner , steak dinner : molly schuyler won the 72-ounce steak dinner challenge at the big texan steack ranch restaurant in amarillo , texas on sunday. ` if you 're not used to doing this , four minutes is hard. she cleaned her plate : schuyler poses with a fan after the feat , showing off her belly bloated from the competition.
jimmy white 's bid to play in the world snooker championship for the first time since 2006 ended on monday as he crashed to defeat by matthew selt. white had defeated james wattana in his qualifying opener on saturday and needed two more wins to to reach the main event at the crucible. jimmy white 's bid to qualify for this year 's world snooker championship at the crucible ended on monday. matthew selt fought back from 7-2 down to beat white 10-8 in qualifying in sheffield. white , the 52-year-old who lost all six world championship finals he played , had looked good for the win after taking a 7-2 lead after the opening session in the morning.
a headteacher who allegedly used his school email to set up a threesome with a prostitute who he wanted to spank while she was dressed as a schoolgirl , has resigned from his post. the married father-of-four has not returned to the costello school in basingstoke , hampshire , since the correspondence came to light last month , and has now left the school. married father-of-four david nicholson is accused of sending messages to a prostitute about spanking her when she is dressed up in school uniform using his official school email. mr nicholson , from great bedwyn , wiltshire , is still under investigation by ofstead after claims he used his official school email address to contact an # 150-an-hour escort through an adult website and arrange a meeting with her and another woman.
here are some of the ways travellers can keep their costs down while satisfying their wanderlust. house-sitting is one of the easiest ways to trim costs on a trip abroad because it eliminates the need to spend a huge amount of money on accommodation. depending on the arrangement with the property owner , food and transport may be included in exchange for taking care of the person 's home and , in some cases , pets. properties are advertised on a number of websites , including trustedhousesitters.com , which charges a membership fee of # 5.99 a month. laura cody and tanbay theune -lrb- pictured -rrb- are seeing the world while house-sitting for strangers.
a controversial anti-vaccination organisation has come under fire for comparing compulsory vaccination to rape in a social media post. the australian vaccination skeptics network , an anti-vaccinations lobby group , posted an image to their facebook page on thursday which shows a man holding a woman with his hand over her mouth in an aggressive silencing gesture. really - no big deal , if it 's just a vaccination needle and he 's a doctor. the australian vaccination skeptics network has come under fire for comparing vaccinations to rape. the image was posted in response to tough new laws announced by social services minister scott morrison earlier in april , which means that parents will no longer be able to access childcare benefits simply by signing a form that says they object to immunisation based on ` personal , philosophical or religious ' reasons.
england ended the day in a strong position , but it 's worth bearing in mind what happened in antigua in 2009. like thursday , england declared just before tea , leaving west indies a hefty target -lrb- 503 -rrb-. but the home side 's lower order hung on -- with sulieman benn batting as high as nine -- and forced an unlikely draw. stuart broad celebrates with his england team-mates after taking the wicket of kraigg brathwaite. with gary ballance knocking the ball around the park , his partner jos buttler thought he 'd get in on the act -- but instead smashed a loopy ball from marlon samuels straight into his team-mate 's arm.
new zealand police are appealing to the public to help identify a man who robbed a christchurch dairy wearing a ` distinctive ' cartoon mask. a man in a ` distinctive ' cartoon mask demanded cash from owner 's daughter on saturday. police were reportedly called to the union st dairy , in east christchurch at about 12.30 pm , after receiving reports of a masked man demanding cash from the dairy owner 's daughter. christina chen told reporters her 30-year-old daughter ran out of the shop screaming ` robber ! '. the masked man threw the cash register to the ground and took off with the till drawer and up to $ 1,500.
a tory parliamentary candidate has sparked outrage after claiming mental health patients should wear coloured wristbands to flag up their conditions. ms fernando , a barrister for 12 years , said : ` police , social services or hospitals dealing with people with conditions that affect their ability to communicate can decide they are being obstructive or evasive. ` there are also different ways of doing this without stigmatising the person , such as carrying a card with details of the condition but in some cases by wearing a coloured wristband. ' ms fernando 's ` shocking ' suggestion was slammed by the deputy prime minister nick clegg today.
china 's leadership has hit back at u.s. president barack obama who condemned the country for constructing an artificial island in the disputed south china sea. only yesterday , obama claimed beijing was ` using its sheer size and muscle to force countries into subordinate positions ' amid reports of controversial land reclamation efforts. the war of words come as newly-released satellite images reveal a flotilla of chinese vessels dredging sand onto artificially-built land masses near the spratly islands - an area which many other nations claim. war of words : china has criticised the united states over accusations it is bullying neighbouring countries by building artificial islands -lrb- pictured -rrb- on the so-called mischief reef in the disputed south china sea.
viewers have slammed saturday night live for a controversial sketch that made light of a teacher raping her 16-year-old student. controversial : the scene portrayed a teenager testifying called gavin daly , played by pete davidson -lrb- left -rrb- , in court during the trial of janet johnson-luna , 32 , played by cecily strong -lrb- right -rrb-. the judge smiles and turns to the witness before saying : ` look at you. ' his response was that he asked for tylenol because he had been ` fist-bumping ' all the way home so his ` muscles were a little sore '.
these are the pictures taken by an unforgiving regime of the men , women and children caught trying to escape its suffocating clutches and then forced to re-enact their ordeal for the cameras of the secret police. ` reenactment mfs ' - the ministry for state security better known as the ` stasi ' during the 40 year existence of the east german state - is a new book containing these photos of desperation which the socialist rulers used as evidence in the show trials against those they caught. scroll down for video. foiled : the stasi - east germany 's secret police - forced people to pose for their pictures , showing exactly how they had planned to escape from the german democratic republic.
aston villa boss tim sherwood has offered encouragement to a six-year-old fan he beat to the job. charlie pye , from leamington spa , applied for the villa hotseat after paul lambert was sacked in february. sherwood wrote charlie a letter congratulating him on his credentials , despite missing out on the job. aston villa boss tim sherwood -lrb- centre -rrb- showed his softer side by replying to 6-year-old charlie pye. ` our chief executive tom fox has informed me that the club would like your permission to keep the letter on file ` just in case ' - although i 'm hoping i will be successful at this great football club.
the irish challenge for next week 's # 1million crabbie 's grand national looks like being eight strong after trainer robbie hennessy confirmed rubi light a definite runner. the grade one winner over two and a half miles schooled over aintree-style fences on saturday under big race jockey andrew lynch. one of his runs over three miles was when he was second in the lexus chase to synchronised and he went on to win the gold cup that season. irish trainer robbie hennessy confirmed rubi light is a definite runner in the grand national. ruby walsh riding mon parrain clear the last to win handicap steeple chase at sandown.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- combining healthy eating with moral support , jean nidetch became a heavyweight in the weight-loss industry. the founder of weight watchers died wednesday at her home in florida. nidetch described herself as an `` overweight housewife obsessed with cookies. '' after countless fad diets , nidetch figured that accountability was the key to keeping the weight off. '' through the program of regular weigh-ins , peer support and accountability , not only did nidetch lose 72 pounds , but she inspired millions more to shed pounds too. she officially launched weight watchers in 1963 and took the company public five years later.
jaap stam had just ordered a new kitchen for his cheshire home when he was informed by sir alex ferguson that he was being sold to lazio. the then manchester united manager did n't mention in the same conversation that his son , jason , stood to make a seven-figure sum in his role as an agent in the deal. raheem sterling shakes hands with liverpool boss brendan rodgers during training on thursday. the two were at melwood alongside the rest of the liverpool squad in preparation for clash with arsenal. rodgers remains confident that sterling will stay and the situation will be resolved in the summer.
one of the most widespread ` food rules ' passed down from generation to generation may actually be a myth. scroll down for video. one of the most widespread ` food rules ' passed down from generation to generation may actually be a myth , meaning this tart is n't safe to pick up. ` there 's no such things as a ` five-second rule ' , ' food safety information council spokeswoman rachelle williams told daily mail australia. experts say dry foods , like cookies , are less hazardous and can be ok , according to health experts. uncut fruit is one group considered non-hazardous , however cut fruits should never be subjected to the five-second rule.
in afghanistan , many girls are forbidden from riding bicycles - they are , however , allowed to ride skateboards. so when australian skateboarder oliver percovich created skateistan , a non-profit organization that aims to connect youth in afghanistan with education through skateboarding , it should n't have been a surprise that 40 per cent of the program 's students would be girls. scroll down for video. tough girls : photographer jessica fulford-dobson took pictures of young girls skateboarding in dresses and skirts in kabul , afghanistan. finding time for fun : most girls are not allowed to ride bikes in afghanistan , but skateboarding is n't against the rules.
a stunning new series of photographs of the late artist frida kahlo have been released as part of a new book. the pictures portray the artist in her garden or languishing in her bed , giving an unparralled insight into her life with many of the pictures taken in the years before her death in 1954. scroll down for video. in the beautiful new pictures by gisèle freund the late artist frida is seen at her most intimate , her she is pictured standing in her garden in mexico. beautiful frida poses in her house -lrb- left -rrb- , in one picture she is seen lying in bed surrounded by books -lrb- right -rrb-.
the widow of us navy seal chris kyle has revealed the painful moment she first broke the news to their two children that their father had been murdered. taya kyle told abc 's robin roberts she gathered her son , colton and daughter , mckenna and prepared to tell them. reveal : taya kyle had to do everything she could from falling apart in front of her kids when she explained to them their father had been killed. recovery : taya has given an interview to 20/20s robin roberts about her life since eddie ray routh was convicted of killing her husband , american sniper , chris kyle.
work has started on repairing the roof of the silverstone motor racing circuit which was damaged by high winds during the last couple of days. part of the ` wing ' - the $ 40million -lrb- # 27m -rrb- , three-story corporate building at the host venue of formula one 's british grand prix - was affected by the winds on late sunday and monday. a section of silverstone 's motor racing circuit roof was damaged on sunday and monday due to high winds. silverstone sporting director stuart pringle insists upcoming events will not be affected by recent damage. silverstone 's sporting director , stuart pringle , says in a statement that the site ` looks a bit of a mess at the moment ' but ` the damage is largely cosmetic , and the structural and functional integrity of the roof remains completely intact.
chris robshaw is braced for further scrutiny after he was caught on camera holidaying in barbados with girlfriend camilla kerslake. the england captain has already talked to andrew strauss and lawrence dallaglio about the pressures of being in the spotlight in world cup year. robshaw 's worst fears were realised earlier this month when he was snapped on a sunshine break. chris robshaw and camilla kerslake shared this boating picture via instagram while on holiday in barbados. the couple attend the olivier awards at the royal opera house on sunday and robshaw in action v france. '
that is the verdict of colleague andrew thornton when trying to explain what has made ap mccoy such a dominant force in his sport. cheltenham gold cup winner thornton has been one of the few weighing room colleagues to witness mccoy 's entire career , from shy newcomer to national sporting superstar. ap mccoy will race at sandown on saturday for the last time before he retires following a successful career. mccoy has two rides at sandown on saturday before he retires from professional racing for good. ` it is a bit like watching lionel messi on a horse , ' said thornton.
a wily coyote gave the new york police department the runaround for more than an hour on tuesday morning after it was spotted on the grounds of an apartment building next to a church in manhattan. the male animal , which was eventually captured with a dart gun , was first seen by a local walking his dog in the park near the church of the holy apostles at 28th street and ninth avenue in chelsea. however , the coyote did not surrender easily , sprinting across the grass and dodging the cops ' attempts to catch it. it was only captured more than an hour later when emergency services unit officers finally managed to shoot the animal with a dart laced with ketaset.
bradley dew has been jailed for mugging his deaf friend to steal his mobile phone and a # 10 note. a thug has been jailed after he mugged his deaf friend to steal his mobile phone and a # 10 note. bradley dew , 26 , had been drinking with his friend at a pub in faversham in kent earlier that day and had borrowed his mobile. but later in the evening dew returned to his friend 's home , claiming he had lost the mobile on a train after returning from herne bay. he then stole # 10 out of his wallet.
england may be well on course to sealing their spot at euro 2016 but it appears as if manager roy hodgson still does not know his best xi. sportsmail 's top team of reporters have submitted their starting line-ups for the finals in france , assuming everyone is fit of course. england manager roy hodgson pictured at the juventus stadium during tuesday 's friendly against italy. hart ; clyne , cahill , jagielka , baines ; henderson , wilshere ; welbeck , rooney , sterling ; kane. not perfect by any means but i think it 's important to keep rooney in a more central position , in the no 10 role he is most comfortable in , behind the best striker at this moment in time.
virtual reality headsets could help to tackle air sickness and jet lag during flights , according to a team of british engineers. a new device , called the flow vr , provides passengers with a virtual image of the horizon that mimics the movements of the aircraft. the system , designed by in-flight entertainment company flow ife , can also present travellers with high quality images of their destination that replicate the time of day to help them acclimatise to their new time zone. airline qantas is the first to introduce virtual reality headsets to its passengers -lrb- above -rrb- to keep them entertained during long flights but the devices could also help combat problems like air sickness and jet lag.
a remarkable farming couple have devoted their lives to adopting disabled orphans - taking in more than 40 children over the last 26 years. tianwen chen , 65 , and his wife gairen guo , 60 , found their first child in a box on the roadside and gradually took more and more disabled children into their two-bedroom home in rural shanxi province , central china. big family : tianwen chen and his wife gairen guo have adopted 40 disabled children over the past 26 years. the couple , who live outside of yuanping city , found their first child - a baby girl - on the side of the road one day in 1989 and carried her home , despite not having much to live on themselves.
an unemployed woman has her heart set on a ` fairy-tale church wedding ' - and believes the taxpayer should foot the bill as it is her basic human right to be a bride. anna broom , of gillingham , in kent , has not worked since the age of 19 , during which time she has claimed more than # 100,000 in benefits. the jobless 33-year-old now wants an extra # 10,000 to fund her dream ` traditional english wedding and party in a castle '. scroll down for video. dream wedding : miss broom wants the government to loan her # 10,000 for her wedding to jordan burford.
two more games and jose mourinho will have confirmed his mastery of the premier league with a third title in five attempts at the trophy and chelsea will be crowned champions. not on the pitch , but on the touchline. mourinho and his assistant rui faria were up and down with unusual intensity , even for them , waving players back with the most extravagant gestures when they lost the ball. in fact , as one step beyond played at the end of the game and the players congregated in the centre circle , there was a sense that the celebrations were already in swing.
big brother star pete bennett , who won the tv programme in 2006 , has revealed he is now homeless. the 33 year old from brighton 's life went rapidly downhill after he finished first in the seventh series of the channel 4 show nine years ago. despite being given # 100,000 of prize money and releasing a successful autobiography , pete is now broke and living off the charity of friends. scroll down for video. speaking on the jeremy kyle show today , the star revealed that he does n't have a roof over his head and spends each night sofa surfing.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- sofia vergara 's ex-fiance is speaking out about their dispute over frozen embryos created while they dated. `` it has gotten attention not only because of the people involved -- my ex is sofia vergara , who stars in the abc series `` modern family '' -- but also because embryonic custody disputes raise important questions about life , religion and parenthood. '' loeb says he met the actress in 2010 and they got engaged two years later , at which point they decided to create the embryos and conceive a child via a surrogate. after two attempts failed to bring fertilized embryos to term , they created two more embryos using her eggs and his sperm.
atlanta -lrb- cnn -rrb- a fake name on a facebook post can still get you in real trouble , especially when you 're threatening to shoot every white cop you see. ebony dickens of east point , georgia , posted her facebook rant under the name tiffany milan , police said. `` all black ppl should rise up and shoot at every white cop in the nation starting now , '' said the post made on monday. `` i condone black on white killings. '' the post was removed a day later , just before dickens was arrested , cnn affiliate wsb reported.
the dawn spacecraft has captured amazing new images of the mystery bright spots on the dwarf planet ceres , which continue to baffle scientists. scroll down for video. nasa scientists in california have revealed new images of the dwarf planet ceres. however , scientists are still not able to explain what they are. dawn will begin its first science orbit around ceres on 23 april. these latest images were taken on 14 and 15 april from a distance of 14,000 miles -lrb- 22,000 km -rrb- from the north pole of ceres. several theories are currently being touted for what these mysterious bright white spots are on ceres.
charleston , south carolina -lrb- cnn -rrb- the casket is draped with an american flag , and walter scott is dressed in a dark suit. a white banner with a blue star refers to his favorite nfl team. '' a few mourners trickled into the fielding home for funerals in charleston , south carolina. charleston mayor joseph riley comes by to pay his respects and show support for the scott family. they are not at friday night 's visitation , the mayor says. the stress of the past week since scott was fatally shot in the back by a north charleston police officer michael slager is too much.
cancer-stricken basketball player lauren hill is spending her final days helping to raise money for cancer research and has already accumulated over $ 1.5 million. lauren , 19 , uses a wheelchair and sleeps for many hours at children 's hospital in cincinnati where she is being treated for a brain tumor. during her senior year of high school , lauren was diagnosed with dipg -lrb- diffuse intrinsic pontine glioma -rrb- , a rare form of brain cancer with a survival rate of less than 10 percent. scroll down for video. tracking her progress : lauren hill 's mother lisa posts photos of her daughter along with.
a tv cameraman has been banned from the aaron hernandez murder trial after admitting he followed jurors at the end of a court session. superior court judge susan garsh punished robert cusanelli of whdh-tv after two jurors told the court they were trailed by a van as they tried to get into their cars on wednesday. two jurors informed the court thursday morning that they saw someone watching them in a ford explorer. one took a picture of its license plate. two jurors from the aaron hernandez -lrb- pictured in court on thursday -rrb- murder trial told the court they were followed by a tv van as they made their way home in boston.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- a brutal raid on the garissa university college in kenya has left nearly 150 people dead -- including students -- and dozens more wounded. gunmen attacked the campus early thursday as morning prayers were underway , shooting indiscriminately and taking hostages before being killed by security forces , officials said. the u.s. embassy in nairobi said al-shabaab militants have claimed responsibility. the harrowing attack comes just months after al-shabaab militants murdered non-muslim workers in a kenyan quarry. the terrorist group has been behind numerous attacks in the region. al-shabaab is a somali group that the united states designated as a foreign terrorist organization in march 2008.
but after gibson finally admitted she faked her multiple cancer diagnoses -- following months of speculation and the undoing of her health empire -- campbell has joined the chorus of angry followers who say they feel insulted by her deception. ' scroll down for video. jesinta campbell -lrb- right -rrb- says she shed tears with belle gibson -lrb- left -rrb- at the cosmopolitan fun fearless female awards last year. belle gibson pictured at the awards with sunrise host samantha armytage in november last year. the controversial wellness blogger has finally admitted she faked her multiple cancer diagnoses. model jesinta campbell has joined the chorus of angry followers who say they feel let down by belle gibson.
if you 're fed up with repeatedly typing passwords , hovering your finger on a sensor or staring at your phone waiting for it to scan your face to unlock it , a new device could cure your woes. the salt card is designed to end the tiresome task of manually unlocking a smartphone or tablet by automatically making it come to life whenever the user is nearby. scroll down for video. convenient : the salt card -lrb- pictured -rrb- is designed to end the tiresome task of manually unlocking a smartphone or tablet , by automatically unlocking it whenever the user is nearby.
lada niva 4x4 # 13,395 on the road. lada 's 4x4 niva has long been the car that bucked the trend of laughing at the russian carmaker and has won fans around the world thanks to its robust nature and chunky looks. patriotic russian president vladimir putin -lrb- pictured -rrb- drove a lada niva back in 2009 -- but fitted it with a german engine .
-lrb- cnn -rrb- this is week two of an ongoing series : a catholic reads the bible this week covers the book of genesis , chapters 1-11. the first step was choosing a bible. as i mentioned in the first installment of this series , i 'm a lifelong catholic who finally plans to read the bible from cover to cover. the bible i 'm reading is `` the deluxe catholic bible , '' published in 1986 by world bible publishing. and as i started reading , i did n't want to stop. first of all , genesis starts with two separate creation narratives.
apple founder steve jobs ' widow laurene has told of her admiration for democratic white house front-runner hillary clinton. ms jobs , 51 , called former first lady hillary a ` revolutionary ' woman , and added that it 's not just because she 's a woman - but ` the type of woman she is '. laurene jobs , pictured , widow of apple 's steve , has strongly backed hillary clinton for president. laurene jobs said that hillary clinton , right , has ` judgment and wisdom ' based on her public service. ' mrs clinton announced her intention to seek the democratic nomination on sunday - and set upon the campaign trail with a trip to meet ` ordinary ' voters in iowa.
allan donald has confirmed he is to step down as south africa bowling coach. the 48-year-old former test paceman has served his country as part of the coaching team since 2011. allan donald has confirmed he is to step down as south africa bowling coach after four years in the role. ` the last four years have been the best of my life , and being involved with the proteas in the 2015 cricket world cup was a goal i had set my sights on. ' cricket south africa chief executive haroon lorgat added : ` allan was and always will be a stalwart in south africa , having served his country with distinction both on and off the field.
sao paulo , brazil -lrb- cnn -rrb- hundreds of thousands of brazilians are taking to the streets in protests across the country , lashing out against president dilma rousseff as she struggles with an economic downturn and a massive bribery scandal. the demonstrators have called for the president to be impeached. one of the biggest : an investigation into a multimillion-dollar kickback scheme at the state-run oil company petrobras. petrobras was long considered the corporate jewel in brazil 's crown , one of the biggest companies in the world by market capitalization. but last year , investigators launched a sweeping investigation.
the joint director of the safe deposit company robbed in the # 60million hatton garden gem heist said yesterday that he believes it was an inside job. mahendra bavishi , who lives in sudan , said detectives have asked to put some ` sensitive ' questions to his british-based son who runs the business , including whether he suspects someone connected to the company or other firms in the same premises had links with criminal gangs. and he said the robbers almost certainly had some inside information because they appeared to know that several cctv cameras in the building where his firm is based were not working when they broke in.
comedian jenny eclair travelled with her other half on a painting in venus break with flavours. an excursion to venice one day provided inspiration for the budding artists. i wanted to do something in my spare time that saved my sanity , lowered my blood pressure -lrb- without going to the gym -rrb- , soothed my soul and , with any luck , provided some cheap christmas presents. fabulous , hilarious , slightly eccentric middle - aged , middle-class women with plenty of pashminas and photos of dogs on our iphones ! jenny stayed at the villa bianchi , a comfortable farmhouse surrounded by maize fields and within easy striking distance by car of both treviso and venice.
steve smith , 52 , grew up helping his father run a stall at bilston market in the west midlands , and opened his first poundland shop in burton-upon-trent at the age of 18 in 1990. the venture was an overnight success and he became a self-made millionaire when he sold the company for a staggering # 50million 10 years later. scroll down for video. steve smith , 52 , -lrb- pictured outside his # 6.5 million shropshire mansion -rrb- opened his first poundland shop in burton-upon-trent at the age of 18 in 1990 and sold the firm 10 years later for a staggering # 50million.
cristiano ronaldo was back to his brilliant , unplayable best as he scored five goals in real madrid 's 9-1 rout of granada on sunday , among them an eight-minute hat-trick. that treble was ronaldo 's 31st career hat-trick and his 24th in la liga , equalling lionel messi 's record in the competition. it also took his formidable goal tally for the bernabeu club to 299 in 287 matches. against granada , ronaldo has now scored 11 times in just eight matches. we take a look at the clubs who have suffered the most at the hands of the portuguese wonder.
a woman who ended up getting lost while running a marathon in raleigh , north carolina and ended up having to hitch a ride with the cops to get back on course , still won her race some nine minutes ahead of her closest competitor. heidi bretscher 's troubles began around mile 17 of the rock n ' roll raleigh marathon that took place earlier this month. wrong way : heidi bretscher , 28 , said she was on pace to beat her personal record when she , and the two cyclists who were accompanying her , missed an unmarked turn.
kate t. parker , from atlanta , georgia , was inspired to create her aptly-titled series strong is the new pretty while pouring over photos she snapped of her daughters ella , nine , and alice , six , playing sports and enjoying their childhoods. summer breeze : atlanta-based photographer kate t. parker captured this group of girls cooling off in front of a fan for her photo series strong is the new pretty. serious athlete : kate snapped these pictures of her daughter ella , nine , before her first triathlon -lrb- l -rrb- and while she was playing soccer -lrb- r -rrb-.
a texas state trooper who did what millions of hip-hop fans would love to do and posed for a picture with snoop dogg was told he has '' deficiencies indicating need for counseling '. department of public safety trooper billy spears posed for the photograph with snoop at south by southwest in austin after the rap icon delivered his keynote speech. scroll down for video. department of public safety trooper billy spears -lrb- left -rrb- was disciplined last week for posing with snoop dogg. snoop requested the photo at south by southwest in austin after the rap icon delivered his keynote speech.
to hear leigh griffiths tell it , the intervention staged by celtic boss ronny deila and assistant john collins was definitely closer to a kick in the what-nots than it was a pat on the back. ' hat-trick hero leigh griffiths with signed match ball and man of the match award. ` when i was at hibs , i would have been the first name on the team sheet given the goals i scored. ` but coming here , it 's a massive club and , with the new manager coming into the club , he wanted to impose his own philosophy.
muslim engagement and development have reportedly claimed they can influence up to 30 seats at the general election. a muslim group with links to extremists has claimed it can influence up to 30 seats at the election , it has been reported. muslim engagement and development -lrb- mend -rrb- was said to have boasted that they can act as ` kingmakers ' when the country goes to the polls. the group , which wants to let british muslims fight in syria without fear of prosecution , has bragged that it is in talks with both the conservatives and labour , according to the daily telegraph.
sam gallagher put an injury-hit season behind him by inspiring southampton to under-21 premier league cup glory , netting an exceptional goal which he hopes caught ronald koeman 's eye. last season surpassed all expectations for the teenage striker as he became a regular under mauricio pochettino , making 20 first-team appearances as back-up to rickie lambert. sam gallagher scored the winner as southampton u21s beat blackburn rovers 2-1 on monday. ronald koeman was in the crowd and gallagher says he hopes he impressed him. gallagher has not even been named in the matchday squad since the arrival of koeman , although he gave the saints boss a nudge in some style on tuesday evening.
jenny wallenda , 87 , the matriarch of the famous family of high-flying circus performers , died late saturday at her home in sarasota , florida , according to family members. wallenda 's nephew , rick wallenda , said his aunt died following a lengthy illness. wallenda was the oldest daughter of high wire walker karl wallenda and grandmother of daredevil performer nik wallenda. matriarch : in this january 1964 photo , jenny wallenda applies makeup in a dressing room prior to appearing at the opening of the shrine circus in detroit. karl wallenda is seen in london in this november 1976 photograph.
this is the moment a young boy 's dream came true when he met his hero r2d2 at a star wars convention and the pair danced along the corridor together. the child 's infectious giggles can be heard after r2d2 followed him around star wars celebration convention in anaheim , california and the pair began spinning around each other in circles. a young star wars fan giggled in delight when he was approached by his favourite character r2d2. the robot began turning in time with the boy and he can be heard on video giggling loudly and uncontrollably. as the youngster makes his way down the corridor the robot follows him and pauses , mirroring the child 's every move.
a magnitude 3.1 earthquake caused a sharp jolt to be felt across a well-populated area just north of los angeles. the us geological survey said in a preliminary report that the quake with a depth of about five miles happened just before 9pm last night , according to the associated press. the epicentre of the quake was around four miles north of san fernando near interstate 210 , according to the us geological survey. the earthquake caused a ` sharp jolt ' to be felt in the san fernando valley -lrb- pictured -rrb- north of los angeles. the jolt was felt widely in the san fernando valley and parts of northern los angeles county.
a utah man confessed to stabbing his ex-wife to death on wednesday when he called 911 and turned himself in. spencer gerlach , 20 , told police that he and his ex-wife keltsie gerlach were having a dispute on wednesday afternoon that escalated into murder. chief mike nelsen , brigham city police department told fox that when police arrived , keltsie was found dead in the living room with stab wounds. scroll down for video. confession : spencer gerlach , 20 , told police that he and his ex-wife keltsie gerlach were having a dispute on wednesday afternoon that escalated into murder.
but if there is one phase transition in which food can become frustrating -- by giving us brain freeze and by getting painfully stuck to our mouths -- then it is when it is frozen. the fly is initially featured looking rather pleased as it fastens its tongue onto the beef steak and has a taste. videoed up-close , the fly is initially captured enjoying itself as it fastens its big tongue onto the beef steak and has a taste. satisfied , it then goes to fly away home when suddenly it notices that it is stuck and a sense of panic sets in.
by the grading system of her boyfriend , who did n't want to be identified , that constitutes an a. saskia , 17 , aced the ` arsenal exam ' given by her boyfriend with a score of 43.5 out of 50 or 87 per cent. a derogatory comment about hazard , the newly crowned pfa player of the year , got extra marks. ' saskia correctly identified the arsenal away strip although she did n't recall the score of the 2014 fa cup final. club loyalty was an important part of the exam and saskia knew the score when it came to sanchez v hazard.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- arsenal kept their slim hopes of winning this season 's english premier league title alive by beating relegation threatened burnley 1-0 at turf moor. a first half goal from welsh international aaron ramsey was enough to separate the two sides and secure arsenal 's hold on second place. more importantly it took the north london club to within four points of first placed chelsea , with the two clubs to play next week. but chelsea have two games in hand and play lowly queens park rangers on sunday , a team who are themselves struggling against relegation. arsenal have been in superb form since the start of the year , transforming what looked to be another mediocre season struggling to secure fourth place -- and with it champions league qualification -- into one where they at least have a shot at winning the title.
dogs can sniff out prostate cancer with 98 per cent reliability , a new study has shown. the research , carried out in milan , backs up tests carried out by the charity medical detection dogs. its co-founder dr claire guest said the charity 's research found a 93 per cent reliability rate when detecting both prostate and bladder cancer. dogs have been found to detect prostate cancer with 98 per cent accuracy when sniffing men 's urine samples. the latest research , by the department of urology at the humanitas clinical and research centre in milan , involved two dogs sniffing the urine of 900 men - 360 with prostate cancer and 540 without.
it 's time to find out who really has the best taste as the block 's four apartments are now on the market with the auctions pencilled in for april 28. before then the apartments will be open to the public on april 11-12 , with thousands of people expected to turn up for a look. teams will be hoping to do better than the block glasshouse duos , including darren and dea who pocketed just $ 10,000 for months of hard work and time away from their family. scroll down for video. ayden and jess 's work has been given good reviews over the course of the series.
whistleblower julian asssange has added insult to injury for sony pictures after his website wikileaks put hundreds of thousands of emails and documents from last year 's cyberattack into a searchable online archive. assange and wikileaks issued a statement on thursday saying that the data has a public interest , but the majority of the correspondences run from the mundane to the deeply personal. they expose not just the unguarded opinions of sony executives , but also reveal health concerns about their children and sadness over dying parents. scroll down for video. adding insult to injury : wikileaks founder julian assange -lrb- pictured here speaking via video link at the commonwealth law conference in glasgow on wednesday -rrb- has said that the information leaked belongs online because it shows the inner workings of an international company.
that is all tim sherwood has needed to bring aston villa out from the morgue and into life. an fa cup final awaits. there have been mistakes , notably in defeats to stoke city and swansea , but five glorious wins and a brand of football to excite and embolden far outweighs them. having been appointed on valentine 's day , villa fans have fallen in love after only nine weeks. tim sherwood has had an inspired start in charge of aston villa as they reached the fa cup final. benteke 's back. upon arrival , sherwood recognised the area he needed to target instantly : goals.
a picture , believed to be the only image of the civil war ironclad , the css georgia has been revealed to be a fake created in a teenage hoax using a 2ft model. john potter , from savannah , has admitted forging the picture with his brother in the 1980s and placing it in a frame which now holds a picture of his dead dog. scroll down for video. john potter -lrb- pictured -rrb- , from savannah , has admitted forging the picture with his brother in the 1980s and placing the picture in a frame which now holds a picture of his dead dog.
what was supposed to be a gentle splash around in the shallows suddenly turned into a much scarier prospect when holiday-makers came face to face with a shark in new zealand on saturday. papamoa beach , a popular bay of plenty destination , was an idyllic haven for swimmers until a shark came into the shore , swimming around in only a few feet of water. onlookers initially got out of the sea sharpish , but soon returned to take photographs and videos of the 2.5 metre bronze whaler as it eventually swam away. scroll down for video. all fears of an attack soon disappeared as children could be heard chatting and laughing happily on the shore as the fish swam around.
authorities in virginia are searching for the cell phone of a missing young woman 40 miles from where she was last seen. local resident steve hines said that divers were searching the outer edges of the pond for the longwood university freshman 's phone , which sent strange text messages to her mother shortly after her disappearance. scroll down for video. police are searching a pond near carrsville , virginia , in an attempt to find the cell phone of anjelica ` aj ' hadsell , a longwood university freshman who was last seen on march 2. aj hadsell -lrb- left -rrb- was last seen driving near her parents ' home in norfolk and her stepfather wesley hadsell -lrb- right -rrb- was taken into custody late last month after being interrogated by police for more than 15 hours.
he let his head rest on the grass and closed his eyes as if he was trying to wish it all away , as if he was trying to blot out the din and the agony and the wild celebrations of the arsenal fans. reading , still struggling to avoid relegation to league one , had performed heroically to push arsenal into extra-time in this fa cup semi-final and federici had pulled off a series of stunning saves to keep the sides level at 1-1 but the australian goalkeeper guessed there would be no way back now. there had been less than a minute to go before the extra-time interval when alexis sanchez had cut in from the left and fired in a stinging shot straight at federici.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- in july of 2013 , the oldest of jesus relics stories rose again when turkish archaeologists discovered a stone chest in a 1,350-year-old church that appeared to contain a piece of jesus ' cross. the latest relic of the cross on which jesus had died stalled out because , as köroğlu later said , the box that had contained allegedly holy objects was now -- mysteriously -- empty. the latest episode of the `` true cross , '' a powerful identifier for the faith of more than two billion people , is symbolic of the pitfalls in the hunt for jesus relics.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- two of the best actresses on television are back on `` the big bang theory '' -- one of our six suggested things to watch this week. 1. `` the big bang theory , '' thursday 8 p.m. et , cbs. sheldon and leonard 's moms are back , and that ought to make for one of the best episodes this season. tv 's top comedy will see the return of christine baranski and laurie metcalf as the mothers of leonard and sheldon , respectively. 2. scarlett johannsson is the host , the day after her new blockbuster `` avengers '' movie opens nationwide.
be it denim , cropped , printed or striped , the wide leg trouser is at the forefront of ss15 trends. skinny jeans have held court for quite a few years now and while they will never go out of style the wide leg will give you an alternative look. lou tried the out the trend seven years ago with a stella mccartney flared jean - luckily she kept hold of them ! the wide leg can be intimidating , especially if you 're on the shorter side. huge amounts of fabric is hard to look flattering but if you keep your heels high and your top half simple you can pull it off with confidence.
coffee morning : britain at work. reading this book reminds me how times have changed dramatically since my generation left school or college in the sixties with no worries about finding a job. ` serving ' includes a sex worker , two baristas , a call centre adviser and a political special adviser. a book which aims to give the reader much-needed insight into other people 's lives -lrb- and it certainly does that -rrb- seems to me to be spoilt by degenerating into a student newspaper leader : ' a citizen 's income set at the right level - # 320 a week is the current estimate - would kill off the sort of unproductive and low-paid jobs that have proliferated since 2008 in the uk.
director of the british museum neil macgregor has announced he is stepping down from the job at the end of the year. neil macgregor , 68 , pictured at the british museum , which he has lead since 2002 , said it was ' a difficult thing ' to decide to leave after 13 years. ` but i 've decided that now is the time to retire from full-time employment and the end of this year seems a good time to go. ` we have built strong partnerships with fellow museums across the uk , and are rapidly expanding our programme of loans and training around the world.
an eight-year-old boy from layton , utah , ran 33 miles just weeks before undergoing his fourth round of surgery on a malignant brain tumor. even before he was first diagnosed with a rare form of brain tumor - known as a mature teratoma - back in october 2014 , the young man was already running half marathons for charity , even raising $ 1,700 in september for two of his friends who suffer from spinal muscular atrophy. though his diagnosis meant more time in the hospital , often in order to undergo some kind of surgical procedure , the tumor did nothing to stop lota from hitting the trails.
journalist and author of the best-selling book i quit sugar has opened up about her own personal battle with mental illness , revealing she came close to taking her own life. ' scroll down for video. sarah wilson opened up in a candid interview about how her battle with mental illness drove her to believe her life was n't worth living. during the intimate interview ms wilson revealed it was a combination of issues , including mounting stress , anxiety , her thyroid disease and distant family , that drove her to believe her life was no longer worth living. she said ` people get on with their lives ' and while she had n't found a husband , nor had children , she felt increasingly isolated.
portland timbers defender liam ridgewell writes his second column for sportsmail with the 2015 major league soccer season well under way in the united states. here , the 30-year-old from bexleyheath discusses his family 's visits to portland , coming up against orlando city 's brazilian star kaka and the upcoming clash against fierce rivals seattle sounders on monday morning at 2:30 am uk time. fifty hours. that was how long a group of our fans camped outside providence park before the game against fc dallas. they already had tickets , but just wanted to be first into the stadium. the atmosphere is special.
a two-year-old girl who was born with abnormal facial development is now smiling , laughing and dancing again six months after a major surgery , aided by 3d printing , helped reshape her face. violet pietrok , who lives in portland , oregon , was born with frontonasal dysplasia , a malformation of the face and head that is developed in the womb. the condition caused a widening of violet 's facial features , specifically with her nose , which had no cartilage , and the space between her eyes. she also had a large central cleft in her face and a growth over her left eye.
an artist has carved out a unique genre for herself with her colourful portraits of celebrity bottoms. in total she has completed 42 tiny pictures , which are the size of a postage stamp and do n't feature any faces , and cost around $ 90 -lrb- # 60 -rrb-. scroll down for video. artist catalina viejo paints miniature pictures of famous bottoms , including kim kardashian 's , from candid paparazzi shots. amber rose is catalina 's favourite portrait of the 42 miniatures , as hers was the biggest bottom on the smallest canvas. the bite-sized series is aptly titled ' a view of the end ' and is currently on display at the shag gallery in brooklyn , new york.
the son of the late attorney general robert kennedy is a vaccine critic and is currently trying to stop a bill in the state that would make childhood immunizations mandatory. robert f kennedy jr sparked controversy tuesday when he compared childhood vaccinations to a holocaust. at a screening of the documentary trace amounts , the nephew of president john f kennedy spoke out against a proposed bill in california which would make childhood immunizations mandatory - no matter what their parent 's personal beliefs on the vaccines. the documentary purports that there is a connection between thimerosal - a chemical found in several childhood vaccines - and a rise in autism among american children - despite the majority of the scientific community dismissing any connection.
a 17-year old who spontaneously decided to run off for four days survived during his disappearance by eating from the fruit trees at his high school. connor sullivan , of cupertino , california , attended his first period class at monta vista high school on monday morning before disappearing for roughly 80 hours. though search parties took off from the school , they could not find sullivan , who said after his return that he slept under the bleachers every night , police told daily mail online. police and volunteers had searched -lrb- left -rrb- frantically for connor sullivan , -lrb- right -rrb- 17 , of cupertino , california , though the teenager was hiding at and around his high school.
planners in windsor have allowed two costa cafes less than 500 yards apart -lrb- file picture -rrb-. coffee addicts in windsor wo n't have to go far for a fix -- after planners in the royal borough allowed two costa shops less than 500 yards apart. the latest costa will open on the site of the former dedworth road hsbc branch , the last bank in the area before it closed last year amid protests. costa were unavailable for comment.
the stars of martin scorsese 's classic 1990 gangster film goodfellas reunited in new york on saturday night for a very special 25th anniversary screening of the movie which brought the 14th annual tribeca film festival to a close. stars ray liotta , robert de niro , lorraine bracco and paul sorvino were all in attendance although director scorsese was filming in taiwan and joe pesci , who won an oscar for best supporting actor in 1991 for his turn as tommy devito , did n't show. ' '' scroll down for video. the stars of martin scorsese 's classic gangster film goodfellas , debi mazar , paul sorvino , robert de niro , ray liotta and lorraine branco -lrb- from left to right -rrb- reunited in new york on saturday night for a very special 25th anniversary screening of the movie which brought the 14th annual tribeca film festival to a close.
amazon founder jeff bezos was pictured enjoying a roman holiday this week as he took a stroll around a tourist market in the italian capital. bezos , who is worth $ 34.7 billion from his online marketplace , blended in with the throngs of tourists at the campo de ' fiori on tuesday , happily snapping pictures of the stalls with his amazon phone and a camera. exploring the marketplace : billionaire jeff bezos takes in the ` campo de ' fiori ' in rome on tuesday as he enjoyed a spring break with family. the billionaire founder of amazon was seen snapping away at stalls in the marketplace using both his amazon phone and camera.
a young mother has spoken of her fear that she could die at any moment due to a rare heart condition that should have killed her at the age of three. betheny coyne , from wigan , lancashire , was diagnosed with a rare heart defect before she was born - and was never expected to reach her fourth birthday. but she defied medical predictions and now , aged 24 , she is mother to three healthy children. this is despite being warned that each pregnancy could have placed so much extra strain on her heart that she would die. betheny coyne , 24 -lrb- pictured with daughters haley , harper and grace -rrb- , was diagnosed with a rare heart defect before she was born - and was never expected to reach her fourth birthday.
a 19-year-old model in california has taken to bathing in pig 's blood in a desperate -- and bizarre -- attempt to maintain her youthful appearance -- despite the fact that she is a vegetarian. in the latest episode of mtv 's true life , entitled ` i 'm obsessed with staying young ' , freelance model chanel details her unique skincare method , which she tries to justify by claiming that ` thousands of years ago people did this and it worked '. ' scroll down for video. model of insecurity : 19-year-old chanel says she is terrified that the effects of aging will stop her modelling career in its tracks.
cad : poet rupert brooke had a string of short-lived relationships with various women before he died aged 27 in april 1915. the documents , brought to light for the first time thanks to a # 430,000 grant , show brooke 's lovers complaining about his refusal to take their relationships seriously. the letters are part of the john schroder collection , which has spent decades in private hands but will now be available to the public after being bought by king 's college , cambridge , where the poet was a student. brooke , who died 100 years ago today at the age of just 27 , became a semi-legendary figure thanks to his early death and his popular poems such as the soldier.
shocking police dashcam footage has emerged showing an arizona cop speeding down a road , mounting a sidewalk and smashing into an alleged armed robber in a supposed bid to capture him. a police officer in one of the patrol cars says : ` one round just went out. ' he then tells his colleague , officer michael rapiejko , in the other vehicle : ` stand off , the gun is loaded. ' but apparently ignoring his advice , rapiejko overtakes the officer 's car , before speeding straight toward valencia. seconds later , his vehicle mounts the curb and smashes into the suspect 's body.
the family of the seven-year-old british boy killed in the french alps say his death has left a ` vast void in their hearts '. the schoolboy was skiing with his family when he became separated from his mother and headed into dense woodland where he fell over a 164ft drop. footprints in the snow eventually led police to his body , investigators revealed last night. they also described how the boy 's mother cari , 44 , desperately tried to find her missing son. in a moving tribute , carwyn 's family described how he ` made life full of laughter with never a dull moment '.
atletico madrid and real madrid may have played out a goalless draw at the vicente calderon on tuesday night , but there was still plenty to talk about after the champions league first leg. real madrid must be careful with a talent like raphael varane. something has to give at real madrid. carlo ancelotti 's favoured centre-back partnership is sergio ramos and pepe , but in raphael varane , who turns 22 later this month , they have a diamond. pepe 's injury trouble recently has meant varane has started a few games , continuing the education that began under jose mourinho.
while it emerged this week that an airport baggage handler in seattle fell asleep on the job and wound up flying in cargo - on the other side of the country it appears there 's no slacking to be had. nbc journalist jeff rossen filmed an airport worker at laguardia airport in new york doing push-ups on the runway after loading a plane. footage shows the employee wearing his high-visibility jacket and gloves while performing the aerobic stunt. scroll down for video. breaking sweat : nbc journalist jeff rossen filmed an airport worker at laguardia airport in new york doing push-ups on the runway after loading up a plane.
surgeons have removed kidneys that each weighed as much as a newborn baby from an indian man with a genetic disorder. it was was extracted from a 45-year-old suffering from autosomal dominant polycystic kidney disease -lrb- adpkd -rrb-. this condition causes fluid-filled cysts to grow in the kidneys , so they expand in size. surgeons have removed the kidneys , which weighed as much as a newborn baby , from a 45-year-old man with a genetic disease. scan shows the kidneys , which had grown to 20 times their normal size. incredibly , a week after his initial operation at delhi 's sir ganga ram hospital , a second kidney weighing 5.5 lbs -lrb- 2.5 kg -rrb- was removed.
welsh international elliot kear is back in rugby league after signing for championship club london broncos. the 26-year-old winger or full-back has spent most of the year playing rugby union for london welsh after leaving bradford at the end of last season. ` i 'm really pleased to sign the contract and come back to rugby league , ' said kear. elliot kear will return to rugby league 's championship with london broncos after a season with welsh. the wales rugby league international switches back to the code after london welsh were relegated. ' london coach andrew henderson said : ` it 's a great signing for the club.
a 7ft 8in tall man so embarrassed by his height he hid at home for ` half his life ' has found love with a woman three feet smaller than him. joelison fernandes da silva , 28 , developed gigantism as a child and his rapidly soaring height forced him to drop out of school due to bullying and then refuse to leave the family house for years. scroll down for video. half his size : joelison fernandes da silva , 28 -lrb- right -rrb- , who at 7ft 8in tall has come to be known as ` the gentle giant ' , married evem medeiros -lrb- left -rrb- , a 5ft 21-year-old woman he met online.
an oregon couple announced they are expecting a child in a rap video they made set to the theme from '90s television sitcom ` the fresh prince of bel-air. ' the clip , which features jesse and melissa meek rapping as they drive in a car , has been viewed over 1.7 million times on youtube. parents : jesse and melissa meek announced they are expecting a child in a video set to the theme song from '90s television sitcom ` the fresh prince of bel-air ' the original song for the popular nbc sitcom , sung by star will smith , details how his character grew up in west philadelphia , where he got into a neighborhood fight - and at his mother 's insistence , moved to his aunt and uncle 's home in their wealthy los angeles neighborhood.
for # 3,500 , tourists are being invited to book a trip to russia and sleep in the natural habitat of the siberian tiger , one of the world 's most endangered animals. bespoke tour operators natural world safaris is offering the rare trip which also gives guests a unique opportunity to view the big cat. a safari stay in russia offers tourists the chance to spot , and sleep near , one of the world 's most endangered animals - the siberian tiger. bespoke holiday providers natural world safaris is offering the rare trip which gives guests a unique opportunity to view the big cat.
a city 's communications boss has been fired after she allegedly stopped a tourism photo shoot with a black and an asian model and told the photographer they were ` not the image i want for the city '. rosemary taylor , communications director of the city of brookhaven in georgia , made the ` racist ' remark to hired photographer nelson jones at the local cherry blossom festival two weeks ago. scroll down for video. now , ms taylor , who had been in the high-profile position for less than a month , according to her linkedin page , has been fired by officials for exhibiting ` conduct unbecoming of a city employee '.
david cameron yesterday made a last-ditch plea for ukip supporters to ` come home ' to the conservatives. in a direct appeal to voters who have shifted allegiance to nigel farage 's party , the prime minister vowed to ` do more ' to respond to concerns about immigration. doing so could put the economic recovery at risk by allowing labour back into power , said the tory leader. david cameron tonight issued an impassioned plea for ukip voters to ` come back home ' to the conservatives. mr cameron also conceded that he understood the ` frustrations ' of ukip voters.
police are hunting a thief who stole an 86-year old woman 's handbag while she prayed at church on good friday. the man posed as a member of the congregation of st james ' church in the gorton area of manchester to carry out the crime. as well as taking one bag , he tried to steal the contents of two other elderly women 's bags before fleeing. police have released an e-fit and cctv footage after a thief stole a pensioner 's handbag from a church. as he fled the church , the thief tried to snatch the handbag from a third woman , also aged 86.
it turns out , falling at the first hurdle and not even being inviting to interview can be down to your cv , new research has revealed. conducted by research firm yougov for higher education school , gsm london , 600 employees and senior executives were surveyed to find out their biggest resume peeves. a survey of 600 employers and senior executives has revealed that the biggest cv blunder is spelling or grammar mistakes. it has been revealed that the worst cv blunder is a spelling or grammatical mistake , with a whopping 87 per cent of the 600 employers admitting that they find it annoying.
fancy bonding with a brazilian , romancing a roman , puckering up to a parisian or seducing a swede ? a dating website is offering one lucky person the chance to scour the world for love , all without paying a penny. scroll down for video. the lucky singleton will be given a round-the-world ticket with stops at five different destinations : new york , rio de janeiro , rome , stockholm and paris. the lucky singleton will be given a round-the-world ticket with stops in new york and four other cities. the chosen candidate will be able to discover all that the dating scene in each city has to offer - from samba dancing in brazil and swedish saunas to coffee near rome 's trevi fountain and strolling hand in hand along the champs-elysees in paris.
the owners of two dogs that got loose and mauled a jogger to death in michigan pleaded no contest on friday to a reduced charge. sebastiano quagliata and his wife , valbona lucaj , pleaded no contest to owning a dangerous dog causing death in the fatal mauling last summer of craig sytsma of livonia , the flint journal reported. sytsma , 46 , was attacked by two cane corsos last july in metamora township , 45 miles northwest of detroit. sebastiano quagliata -lrb- pictured -rrb- and his wife , valbona lucaj , pleaded no contest to owning a dangerous dog causing death in the fatal mauling of craig sytsma of livonia , michigan , and agreed to 15 years in jail.
a single bikini-clad woman silhouetted against a spectacular sunset , a tiny figure facing a swirl of stars , a hot spring whose improbably lurid hues seem like something from another planet - these stunning images combine colour and light to capture the wonders of the natural world. inspired by ancient hawaiian beliefs in the sacredness of the landscape , dustin wong , 31 , has journeyed from the arctic circle to australia , capturing moments where men and women are alone with the power and splendour of the natural world. this single bikini-clad woman stretches her curvaceous body while silhouetted against a spectacular hawaiian sunset.
sportsmen will go to extreme lengths to mend their battered bodies ahead of the next challenge , and that includes inserting multiple needles into their necks. english golfer ian poulter is an acupuncture convert who often uses the painful-looking alternative medicine technique to recover from the various strains that come with the sport. the english golfer has used the alternative medicine technique to aid his recovery in the past. poulter has just come off a strong finish at the us masters where successive final rounds of 67 saw him finish tied sixth at augusta , while sending a strong message to impressed ryder cup captain darren clarke.
this was completely different - and utterly amazing. and everywhere hotels are being built. harry is doing a graphic design course back home and so he spent some time each day on his studies. jump in : the anantara has three turquoise-blue ` lagoons ' ideal for swimmers of all experience levels. but what we did see were some of the most expensive properties ever. and guess what ? we bought our not-born-yet baby her first swimsuit. it has a french look to it , with jaunty stripes. retail therapy : rebecca adlington did a spot of shopping at the famous -lrb- and enormous -rrb- dubai mall.
polished evergreen foliage provides a great contrast with brightly coloured flowers and brings life to dull winter gardens. they are easy to grow , but picky about soil. if yours is acid , free-draining and nutritious , they 'll thrive , but they mope in alkaline or neutral ground. so , if your soil does n't suit , plant in containers in ericaceous compost. the polished evergreen foliage of camellias makes for a great contrast to the brightly coloured flowers. camellias are amazingly versatile. you can give them free rein or prune to keep them compact. tender kinds such as c. reticulata make outstanding conservatory plants.
stephen akers-belcher said he needed time off for compassionate reasons - but was pictured the same day aboard hms warrior. a mayor has been sacked from his job at the council after he was given paid leave to attend a funeral - but visited a warship instead. stephen akers-belcher said he needed time off for compassionate reasons - but was pictured the same day aboard hms warrior. following a disciplinary hearing the mayor of hartlepool was dismissed from his care manager role with newcastle city council for gross misconduct. akers-belcher claims he has actually been sacked for whistle blowing after he made a series of allegations involving the authority 's protection of vulnerable adults.
everyone loves a bargain , even in the mega-rich territory of the barclays premier league. here , sportsmail looks at examples of players who have represented the lower leagues well in the premier league , and others who can do so too. aaron cresswell -lrb- ipswich town to west ham in july 2014 -- # 2million -rrb-. the full-back is one of just five outfield players to play every minute of his team 's premier league games this season. cresswell began at tranmere rovers , making his debut in november 2008. from there , he moved to ipswich in june 2011 , apparently turning down west bromwich albion and doncaster rovers.
sweet life : the duchess of cornwall. the duchess of cornwall has created a buzz with the launch of her own honey , produced in late spring by the bees in her wiltshire garden. just 250 jars are being produced , at # 20 each , with all proceeds going to charity. but camilla 's venture reflects a rocketing demand for gourmet honey. sales of high-end versions are up by 45 per cent at selfridges since last year. promise : the duchess 's late-spring honey is made from ` delicately perfumed nectar with subtle hints of chamomile ' and billed as ` the ideal accompaniment to ice cream on hot summer days , or for sweetening tea '.
forget fancy sheets and down-filled duvets , the perfect pillow is the key to a good night 's sleep. on average , we rest our weary heads on our pillows for more than 2,500 hours -- or the equivalent of more than 100 days and nights -- per year , so it 's certainly worth getting the right one. and while once our choice was limited to feather or fibre , the shops are now stuffed with everything from water pillows to scented pillows , and even one which is wired for sound. in summer , you can chill it in the fridge for a few hours to keep you cool throughout the night.
train conductor graham palmer is the first to admit his poetic works are n't shakespeare , but when they 're delivered over the tannoy his passengers certainly do n't seem to mind. palmer , 52 , has delighted northern rail passengers with his self-penned poems since christmas last year. ` the poems are n't that clever really. they 're not wordsworth , but it 's all a bit of fun , ' he told gazette live. ' i was a bit self-conscious to start with but i 've got more confident now , especially when i see the smiles on people 's faces.
a full-scale terror alert was sparked this week after a dummy wearing a balaclava was spotted on a boat sailing down the thames with a fake missile launcher on its roof. thames valley police called an army bomb disposal team after a startled passer-by reported the 4ft long guided missile in a rocket launcher on top of the barge in reading. panic : a terror alert was sparked on the thames this week after someone reported seeing a missile on top of a barge in reading. a spokesman said ` thames valley police received a report from a member of the public about a suspected weapon on a canal boat in caversham last night.
pouring drinks is only one of these bartenders ' tricks. scroll down for video. new attraction : the enormous anthem of the seas is set to welcome more than 80,000 people on board this summer. making waves : an instructor demonstrates the flowrider wave machine on board royal caribbean 's ship , anthem of the seas. the bionic bar is among many hi-tech gimmicks on board the 4,180-passenger anthem of the seas , royal caribbean 's second quantum-class liner , which last week set sail on its maiden voyage. passengers have rubber wristbands fitted with electronic chips , which can be pressed against various sensors.
aden , yemen -lrb- cnn -rrb- the streets were empty but not quiet. shelling began to boom through the yemeni city of aden on thursday afternoon as we hurried back to board the boat that had brought us here from djibouti. people line up for bread , they line up for cooking fuel , and the electricity only works a few hours a day. and from late afternoon onward , most people stay indoors. how we got to yemen : 30 dangerous hours in a boat. saudi arabia began airstrikes on houthi rebels in yemen three weeks ago thursday. but aden remains a city not fully in the hands either of houthi rebels or forces loyal to the ousted government of president abdu rabu mansour hadi.
if relations between cuba and america have recently thawed , then there may well be a new battle between the two countries on the horizon. cuban bikini babe kathy ferreiro , 21 , is vying to steal kim kardashian 's crown for having the curviest booty in america. scroll down for video. cuban beauty kathy ferreiro has proved a hit on social media with fans loving photos of her curves , which the miami-based bikini-loving babe says are 100 per cent natural. pneumatic proportions ... but nothing about her derrière has been photoshopped according to kathy , who works for a skin cosmetics firm.
'' i was 13 years old. the stories can be stomach churning : men masturbating on buses and at bus stops , boys stalking young girls -- both physically and online , men taking pictures of women without permission and uploading them on the internet. a study by we the people found that 80 % of women in mumbai had been street harassed , primarily in crowded areas like trains and railway platforms. most people , including women , only think of sexual violence as rape and tend to overlook touching , groping and stalking , not to mention the `` milder '' forms of ogling , leering , catcalling and whistling , even though all of this can be intimidating.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- espn suspended reporter britt mchenry for a week after a video of her berating a towing company employee surfaced thursday. the sports network announced her suspension on twitter. mchenry posted an apology on twitter , saying she allowed her emotions to get away from her during a stressful situation at a virginia business. '' the employee tells mchenry she 's being recorded , but it does n't stop her from continuing her rant. '' cnn reached out to the arlington towing company for comment but did n't hear immediately back. the edited video was first posted on the website liveleak , which said the incident occurred april 5.
incredible footage of a sydney train station flooding during the storm of a decade on wednesday has been captured on cctv. a time lapse video , filmed from the platform over a 45 minute period at 11am , shows the water creeping along the tracks at bardwell park in sydney 's south forcing the partial closure of the t2 airport line. sydney 's two-day total rainfall totalled about 225mm by 9am wednesday -- the most fall for almost 17 years. a time lapse video , filmed from the platform between 11am and 11.45 am , shows storm water creeping along the tracks at bardwell park in sydney 's south.
a pair of foxes viciously fight to the death in a battle to claim a lone vixen. the savage animals tumbled down a snowy iceland mountainside and crashed onto the rocky beach below during the vicious struggle. he had been sleeping in his warm shelter when he was suddenly woken by howling. a pair of arctic foxes viciously fight to the death on the snow in a battle to claim a lone vixen. the amazing scene was captured on camera by wildlife photographer einar gudmann , who was woken up by howling. the two foxes fought each other in bitter sub-zero temperatures after one of them had been copulating with a vixen.
a young woman on reddit has shared a set of inspiring before and after images , which showcase how an exercise plan she began 20 months ago in an effort to lessen her depression has not only helped her mentally -- but has also ensured a dramatic physical transformation. ` my progress has been fairly slow but , to me , the most important thing is that i did n't give up. ' scroll down for video. impressive results : aliesha peterson , 22 , first started exercising in august 2013 , left ; as of april 2015 , right , she has lost nearly 20lbs and gained a six-pack.
tottenham will take on the very best players from major league soccer when they compete in the 2015 at&t mls all stars game as part of the pre-season preparations in the summer. the annual showpiece will take place at dick 's sporting goods park , the home of the colorado rapids , on july 29 in what is the 20th edition of the all star match. recent participants include bayern munich , manchester united and chelsea. colorado rapids ' dick 's sporting goods park hosted the mls all-star game against celtic in 2007. wayne rooney came face-to-face with david beckham when manchester united played in the mls all-star match in 2011.
snp leader nicola sturgeon has left her boxy jackets and severe suits in the past - and she proved her new style credentials with a stunning appearance yesterday morning. the 44-year-old looked particularly glamorous on her way to bbc 's andrew marr show in a fuchsia column dress that flattered her slimmed-down physique. scroll down for video. snp leader nicola sturgeon has left her boxy jackets -lrb- in 2012 , left -rrb- and severe suits in the past - and she proved her new style credentials with a stunning appearance yesterday morning -lrb- right -rrb-. miss sturgeon -lrb- pictured last year , right , and in 2009 , left -rrb- is rumoured to have hired a personal shopper and employed a stylist in the run-up to the scottish parliament election in 2007.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- there was a larger message in the article about a purported gang rape that rolling stone retracted on sunday night -- a part of the story that was never disputed : the university of virginia is under continuing investigation over how it handles sexual assault on campus. the school has never expelled a single student for sexual assault -- even when the student admitted to it. the virginia attorney general asked the law firm of o'melveny & myers to take a look at how the university historically handled allegations of sexual assault by its students. the alleged gang rape at a fraternity house was in 2012 , and jackie told the university about it the next spring.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- last week , california gov. jerry brown ordered mandatory statewide restrictions on water use for the first time in the state 's history. as it has in the past , california is leading the way in recognizing that population and economic growth has to respect the physical limits imposed by planet earth. california developed the infrastructure and system of legal rights it uses to distribute water at a time when the population was much smaller than it is today -- and when the climate was in an unusually wet phase , historically speaking. how the drought affects rest of the nation.
a week after 10 doctors urged columbia university to sever all ties with him , dr. oz has used his syndicated tv show to hit back and claim that the criticism is part of a conspiracy because of his views on genetically modified foods. the celebrity doctor did n't pull any punches in thursday 's episode of the dr. oz show which was called the truth about his critics. scroll down for video. the celebrity doctor used thursday 's episode of the dr. oz show to hit back and claim that the criticism he 's received is part of a conspiracy because of his outspoken views on genetically modified food.
singer-songwriter don mclean 's original manuscript and notes to ` american pie ' have been sold at auction for $ 1.2 million. mclean offered the wistful anthem that asks ` do you recall what was revealed the day the music died ? ' at christie 's on tuesday. in an interview published by christie 's auction house new york , where the manuscript was auctioned , mclean says american pie is about ` heading in the wrong direction '. scroll down for video. original song : christie 's curator tom lecky holds the 16-page notes and manuscript for singer don mclean 's american pie at christie 's auction house in new york where it was sold for $ 1.2 million to an unidentified bidder on tuesday.
ian rogers , 36 , became hooked on all things paranormal as a child and took part in his first ghost hunt in the year 2000. scroll down for video. ian rogers owns nine haunted dolls all of which he says contain their own personality. ian 's favourite doll is annabel , who he thinks is haunted by a seven-year-old girl who drowned. ian , who is single , and a vehicle image inspector , from leicester , says that his obsession with the supernatural began at a very young age. ' the # 50 haunted dolls , which ian gets from jayne harris , a professional in paranormal activity , are said to contain the spirits of people who have passed on.
that small boast on social media can trigger a whirlwind that spins into real-life grief , as a texas veterinarian found out after shooting a cat. dr. kristen lindsey allegedly shot an arrow into the back of an orange tabby 's head and posted a proud photo this week on facebook of herself smiling , as she dangled its limp body by the arrow 's shaft. '' callers rang the phones hot at washington county 's animal clinic , where lindsey worked , to vent their outrage. web traffic crashed its website. high price of public shaming on the internet. then an animal rescuer said that lindsey 's prey was probably not a feral cat but the pet of an elderly couple , who called him `` tiger.
mike tindall would n't have moved any quicker had he been surging towards the posts in a six nations clash at twickenham. not even a hug from ap mccoy could check his momentum. tindall was beaming from ear-to-ear having just seen monbeg dude , the horse whom he owns with james simpson-daniel and nicky robinson , run his heart out and wanted to be in place for when the old warrior , who was sent off unconsidered at 40/1 , returned. former england rugby captain mike tindall and wife zara philipps at aintree ahead of the grand national. tindall celebrates after watching his horse monbeg dude finish third in the national.
this is the moment a middle-aged woman ran over and killed her husband in china after he climbed out of their car and she accidentally reversed over him. cctv from the scene shows mr ming climbing out of the passenger door and going to stand behind the car when his wife suddenly reverses , knocking him down before backing up over his body. mei ru , 50 , was going shopping in the chinese city of fuzhou , in the south eastern province of fujian , when she parked her car and her husband climbed out the passenger side. thinking his wife had stopped , mr song walked around and stood behind the vehicle just as she reversed , knocking him to the ground.
this is the dramatic moment two typhoons came into land above an astonished father and son. the video captured by william bird while out with his seven-year-old stepson alex shows the # 126million jets approaching raf lossiemouth in moray , scotland. the first of the aircraft - which can reach 1,370 mph - blasted them with the thrust from its engines , while as the second jet disappeared from view the video camera was knocked sideways. scroll down for video. incoming : the video shows two of the # 126million jets approaching raf lossiemouth in moray , scotland. the video was taken on the same day that typhoons were deployed by the royal air force as two russian long-range bear bombers , capable of carrying nuclear missiles , hugged british airspace.
spain 's king felipe and queen letizia put on a united front today , as they stepped out for the first time since explosive new claims about the 47-year-old monarch 's father emerged. according to a new book by a former royal correspondent , the former king juan carlos ii had a long-running affair with a german socialite during the final decade of his reign. scroll down for video. claims : king felipe and queen letizia present a united front following the latest spanish royal scandal. later , as a group of ukulele-wielding students appeared to serenade the royal couple , felipe even managed a small smile.
vitamin and mineral supplements are becoming more and more popular as health conscious shoppers focus on good nutrition , but do we really need pills to optimise our diet ? not according to nutritionist and author sarah flower , who says that cooking with the right ingredients should give you all the goodness you need. ` the cleaner your diet - using fresh ingredients and cooking at home - the less likely you are to need to rely on supplements to boost your health. scroll down for video. it 's time to ditch vitamin pills for a diet rich in clean , fresh and unprocessed foods , says sarah flower.
robert de niro has said hillary clinton should be president , insisting she has ` earned the right ' to be elected. the hollywood legend , 71 , who has been a long-time supporter of the democratic party , said if the former secretary of state is voted into the white house there will be ` no surprises '. in an interview with the daily beast , the goodfellas star said she had paid her dues , adding : ` it 's that simple. ' robert de niro , 71 , -lrb- pictured with hillary clinton at a new york benefit in 2013 -rrb- , said if the former secretary of state is voted into the white house there will be ` no surprises ' he was joined by american producer and tribeca film festival co-founder jane rosenthal.
the polish father , who may be suffering from amnesia , does not know how he came to lose his memory or be in the uk , and can not even recall his own name. a polish father has wandered into the london embassy with no memory of who he is except that he has a daughter. the mystery man , who may be suffering from amnesia , does not know how he came to lose his memory or be in the uk , and can not even recall his own name. the man , who was found without identification , taken to hospital after he arrived at the polish consulate in central london yesterday afternoon.
the president of the european central bank was left cowering behind his bodyguard after being sprinkled with confetti by a female protester. the woman - who identified herself later as josephine witt - yelled ` end the ecb dictatorship ! ' before being bundled off by two heavyset guards , while a third threw himself in front of mr draghi. the protester flashed a v-for-victory sign and smiled as the two men in grey suits carried her away by her arms and legs while the ecb boss was taken into a side room. flabbergasted : ex-femen activist josephine witt throws confetti at european central bank president mario draghi during a press conference in frankfurt , germany.
more than # 1.5 billion worth of unwanted online shopping items including women 's dresses , shoes and underwear are piling up in wardrobes , according to new research. four in ten britons have an average # 77 of this stuff lying around because they have not got around to returning it because the task is too inconvenient and lengthy , a survey shows. four in ten britons have an average # 77 of unwanted good because they have not got round to returning it. a fifth -lrb- 21 per cent -rrb- are too busy , believing that it takes nearly half an hour to return something each time , suggesting time is put ahead of hard earned cash.
from clipping nails to a plastic bag filled with urine , these photographs show the horrible airline passengers who carry on the unnecessary baggage. disgruntled flyers and flight attendants from around the globe , have taken their frustration to social media to shame feral passengers with annoying habits - and the results are sure to shock. scroll down for video. disgusting : one flight attendant found a surprise under one of the seats - a plastic bag filled with urine. other photos show two passengers wearing face masks , a male traveller working out in the aisle while one of the cutest passengers to hit the air was a bulldog that was seen in a security vest.
is this the world 's safest bike ? its designers certainly think so. boasting front and rear lights , rear view mirrors and even a car horn , the team behind the electric babel bike say it is unprecedented in its approach to safety. scroll down for video. london-based designer claims to have made the world 's safest bike. crispin sinclair -lrb- shown with the bike -rrb- is seeking # 50,000 of funding on site indiegogo. the bike also has foot protectors and an electric motor. the babel bike was designed by london-based crispin sinclair - son of the famous british inventor sir clive sinclair , whose 1985 sinclair c5 bike turned out to be somewhat of a flop.
during a ` flex cam ' break at a philadelphia soul game on april 12 a woman proved that she had the biggest muscles in the room and maybe even the city. scroll down for video. the flex cam is a stadium tradition in which a camera rolls around the audience so that they can display their muscles. the man , feeling a bit defeated , then slumps back into his chair. in your face : in case the man in front of her could not see her huge muscles she gave him a closer look. taking her seat : after this defeated man refuses to make eye contact with the strongest woman in the room , she takes her seat .
representatives from comcast and time warner cable will meet with us department of justice officials to discuss concerns raised by their planned $ 45billion merger , according to reports. concessions addressing competition concerns created by the combination of the two cable giants ,. staffers at both the justice department and the federal. communications commission remain concerned the combined company. would have too much power in the internet broadband market. reps from comcast and time warner cable plan to meet with us department of justice officials on wednesday. there are also concerns the merged company and would have unfair competitive leverage against tv channel owners and businesses offering online video programming.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- novak djokovic extended his current winning streak to 17 matches after beating thomas berdych 7-5 , 4-6 , 6-3 in the rain-interrupted final of the monte carlo masters. but the serbian world number one did n't have it all his away under uncharacteristically slate gray skies on the mediterranean coast. djokovic edged a tight first set before losing the second after the czech sixth seed took advantage of the short rain delay and came back strongly. but djokovic broke twice early in the third set to surge to a 4-0 lead. and although berdych gamely fought back djokovic served out for the title.
comments sections and social networks across the web are littered with antisocial users who repeatedly abuse and provoke people to get a reaction. these so-called ` trolls ' have even been known to cause mental distress to their victims. but now a team of researchers has studied millions of such online posts to identify common traits among these users. and it has built an algorithm that can recognise a potential troll with an accuracy of 80 per cent by scanning their comments. the researchers then divided users into those most likely to be banned , called future-banned users -lrb- fbus -rrb- , and other users dubbed never-banned users -lrb- nbus -rrb-.
nick clegg is to embark on three days of door knocking in his sheffield constituency after a shock poll showed he is on course to lose his seat at the general election. the deputy prime minister is trailing labour by 2 per cent in his formally rock-solid lib dem constituency , sheffield hallam. mr clegg won his seat in 2010 by a huge margin -- scooping up more than 50 per cent of the vote. today he insisted : ` we are going to win sheffield hallam. ' lib dem leader nick clegg is trailing labour by two points in his formally rock-solid lib dem constituency in sheffield , a poll revealed this morning.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- a year after its cannes debut and finally seeing a theatrical release , `` lost river '' is still causing quite a stir. booed at its premiere and mocked by reviewers , ryan gosling 's first feature as director has been divisive , to put it mildly. wavering on the brink of annihilation , yet providing kindling for its own rebirth , the city is captured in all its waning splendor , the perfect backdrop for gosling 's post-industrial gothic. speaking about the film in london , gosling made clear that the city was at the heart of the project -- in fact , without detroit 's crumbling edifices there would be no film at all.
manchester city will not compromise on quality in their search for homegrown players this summer. the proof that city have belief in english players was evident in monday night 's fa youth cup final where four of their starting line-up against chelsea were born in manchester. manuel pellegrini looked on with interest at city 's academy stadium. yet , while those fledglings carry much promise for the future , the fallen premier league champions have a more immediate problem : they need eight homegrown players for their first-team squad next season to meet guidelines set out by the premier league and are in danger of losing at least four.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- madonna has a thing for making out with fellow performers on stage. first it was britney and christina , and now rapper drake has been on the receiving end of a little lip action from madge. it all went down after drake performed `` madonna , '' a song named for the megastar off his new mixtape `` if you 're reading this it 's too late , '' according to billboard. while wrapping up `` human nature , '' the material girl , 56 , planted one on the seated drake , 28 , who began to flail his arms after a while in an apparent attempt to escape.
eric jackson took a bullet in the forearm during the deadliest mass shooting on a u.s. military base , and returned to fort hood five years later with other survivors on friday to receive purple heart medals. some smiled over an honor they felt was overdue , but also clenched their teeth over needs in their scarred and injured lives they say the army has denied. an honor : teena nemelka , right , mother of private first class aaron nemelka who was killed during the attack by major nidal hasan in the 2009 fort hood shooting , looks down at her son 's purple heart.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- the indonesian government has ordered preparations for the execution of 10 inmates on death row , including filipino maid mary jane veloso and australians andrew chan and myuran sukumaran. jakarta has advised consular officials to travel to indonesia 's `` execution island '' -- nusa kambangan -- where the ten are being held , though a spokesman for the attorney general , tony spontana , told cnn friday this is not the required 72-hour notice given to death row convicts before the actual execution. '' the 10 inmates , from australia , france , ghana , the philippines , brazil , nigeria and indonesia , had their petitions for clemency denied by president joko widodo in late 2014.
if charlie austin played for a big club he would be in the england team by now. if we think a squad should contain four strikers , who should roy hodgson drop to make way ? wayne rooney , the captain , poised to overtake sir bobby charlton as the greatest goal-scorer in england 's history ? danny welbeck , the top scorer across this european championship qualifying round , with six goals in five games ? harry kane , english football 's leading goalscorer -- or daniel sturridge , the man whose partnership with luis suarez almost propelled liverpool to the title last season ? charlie austin is yet to receive an international call-up despite scoring 17 premier league goals for qpr.
hundreds of foreigners have been evacuated from yemen after weeks of fierce fighting in the war-torn country. china 's navy rescued 225 foreign nationals and almost 600 chinese citizens from the danger zone in an unprecedented move by its military. scroll down for video. evacuees : people wait to step down the chinese linyi missile frigate when they arrive in djibouti. rescue mission : soldiers of chinese people 's liberation army see off a fleet before it sets out for aden , yemen. people prepare to board the chinese linyi missile frigate in aden harbor , yemen , -lrb- left -rrb- and crew members help a woman board -lrb- right -rrb-.
underlining a change across the nation , nearly 90per cent of u.s. adults now say they have health insurance , according to an extensive survey released monday. researchers behind the gallup-healthways well-being index say the number of uninsured americans is now at a record low. when tracking began in 2008 roughly 14per cent of citizens were uninsured , peaking at 18per cent in the third quarter of 2013. whether the new findings turn out to be a high-water mark for president barack obama 's health care law , or a milestone on the path toward his goal of getting virtually all u.s. residents covered , remains to be seen.
sir alex ferguson , the quiet years. ' there 's certainly nothing that comes close to football for the famous fergie , who has instead chosen to spend his retirement devoting himself to any number of causes ; at last count , he was associated with a good dozen charities or foundations. sir alex ferguson watches on from the stands during manchester united 's clash with chelsea on april 18. ferguson , in glasgow on thursday to make a # 5,000 donation to the remember mary barbour fund , actually physically writing out a cheque towards a permanent memorial , revealed that his life has n't so much slowed down as merely changed gear since he stepped down as manchester united manager in the summer of 2013.
climbing trees and spending hours playing outside used to be part of every childhood. but today 's youngsters are more likely to be stuck indoors -- and it may be harming their eyesight. spending an extra 40 minutes a day in the sunshine has been shown to improve children 's sight dramatically. in china , where four teenagers in five are short-sighted , transparent classrooms are being tested in a bid to increase pupils ' exposure to natural light. chinese scientists have reported a 23 per cent reduction in myopia -- short-sightedness -- in children who spend an extra 40 minutes a day in the sunshine.
arrest : timothy rogalski allegedly repeatedly called sandy hook elementary school on tuesday. a man has been arrested for repeatedly calling sandy hook elementary school and accusing staff members of staging the 2012 school massacre. timothy rogalski , from wallingford , connecticut , called the school on tuesday morning and left four messages on its office answerphone. in the calls , the 30-year-old accused staff of being behind the december 14 , 2012 shooting that left 20 children and six female educators dead , according to police in monroe. he also said the boston marathon bombings in april 2014 were fake , police said.
another trophy slipped through brendan rodgers ' grip when they lost to aston villa in the fa cup semi-final at wembley on sunday. after spending more than # 200million since taking charge at liverpool in june 2012 , there is only so long the owners and fans will keep patient in their desire for dividends. brendan rodgers gives instructions to steven gerrard during liverpool 's defeat against aston villa. rodgers is set for his third season without a trophy after liverpool were dumped out of the fa cup. during rodgers ' time in charge , manchester united and chelsea had spent more than their merseyside rivals - so too have city by a fraction - but each of those have brought home something.
wojciech szczesny will start in the fa cup semi-final but the future looks bleak for the poland goalkeeper who has been deposed as arsenal 's no 1. arsene wenger confirmed szczesny will play ahead of david ospina against reading at wembley on saturday but offered no further guarantees. ` at the moment , i hope yes , ' said wenger , after a long , uncharacteristic hesitation , when asked if szczesny had a long-term future at the club. wojciech szczesny will start in goal for arsenal for the their fa cup clash with reading at wembley. ' szczesny is understood to be content with his situation and confident of winning back his place.
philipp lahm has given former bayern munich team-mate owen hargreaves an insight into the meticulous approach of manager pep guardiola ahead of the club 's champions league quarter-final tie against porto. the world cup winner was speaking to the bt sport pundit as part of a special documentary ` inside bayern munich with owen hargreaves ' which airs saturday at 10pm on bt sport 1. ` his tactical understanding is incredible , ' lahm explained. video - scroll down to see a preview from ` inside bayern munich with owen hargreaves ' bayern munich man philipp lahm -lrb- left -rrb- talks to former team-mate owen hargreaves about his career so far.
egypt 's oldest pyramid was built almost 5,000 years ago but a similar structure hidden beneath rubble could be up to four times older. geologist dr danny hilman believes that a site in west java is revered because it hides an ancient temple built between 9,000 and 20,000 years ago. scroll down for video. a geologist claims that the world 's oldest pyramid is hidden under rubble -lrb- pictured -rrb- in west java , which if true , could re-write pre-history in the region and shed light on a powerful and advanced ancient civilisation. the megalithic site of gunung padang was discovered in 1914 and is the largest site of its kind in indonesia.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- there 's a stampede of investigators in california. the fbi said friday that it will investigate whether civil rights were violated during the videotaped beating of a suspect in san bernardino. the suspect allegedly fled by car , foot and horseback when law enforcement officers tried to arrest him. earlier friday , san bernardino sheriff john mcmahon said criminal investigations have begun into the actions of deputies as well as the suspect. ten deputies identified as being involved in the case have been put on paid administrative leave , mcmahon said friday. in video captured by cameras aboard a helicopter for knbc , deputies gather around the man after he falls from a horse he was riding to flee from them.
cracking the code : lanarkshire police has urged anyone who has seen these symbols on their properties to call them. these signs have been seen in east kilbride , please retweet & report all sightings. while police are keen for anyone who sees suspicious markings to report them , they were also keen yesterday to stress that the message was for crime prevention guidance and not to spark fear or alarm. warning : lanarkshire police took to social media to warn homeowners about the ` housebreakers code ' a spokesman for police scotland said : ` it has been the case that some garden sheds in the east kilbride area have been marked with a cross.
two moving candle-lit vigils have been held to remember the 900 migrants who died when their boat capsized en route to europe from libya this weekend. the deadliest migrant tragedy on the mediterranean so far took this year 's death toll on the waters to a staggering 1,800. it came as three other people - including a tiny child - died when a rickety wooden boat ran aground on the greek island of rhodes. and the relentless tide of migrants escaping the war-torn country of libya has continued since the tragic wreck this weekend. the un said that 23,500 migrants had sailed to italy this year in addition to 12,000 who had sailed to greece.
a woman left heartbroken following the end of a relationship asked her friends to pose ` as she was feeling ' for a therapeutic photography project. the british photographer , 38 , who lives in paris , found inspiration for the series after her own painful break up. scroll down for video. ` jessica ' from the series another november by laura stevens shows a woman sitting in a foetal position next to crumpled bed covers. ` following the ending of a significant relationship in my life , an undoing began , ' she writes in an ` artist statement ' on her website.
an extraordinary image has emerged of what appears to be a cloud formation that draws uncanny similarities to an aussie digger wearing a slouch hat. the photo was taken by brad allan in cape york , far north queensland , as he was heading out fishing at the break of dawn when something caught his eye. an extraordinary image has emerged of what appears to be a cloud formation that draws uncanny similarities to an aussie digger in a slouch hat. it was easter monday morning when mr allan decided to take the boat out to weipa , a town in cape york which is north west of cairns , when he captured the amazing image.
jake and seb ready for their cave adventure. it 's not advertised as ` glamping ' but with big duvets and brass beds , eurocamp 's safari tents are more luxurious than an average stay under canvas. we visited l'ardéchoise site in the stunning ardèche region in south central france at the end of august. about an hour-and-half 's drive from the beaches of the south and montpellier airport , it 's known as the gastronomic centre of france. l'ardéchoise is a quiet , well-established , family friendly site nestled on the banks of the picturesque ardeche river. for us , entertaining our boys jake , six , and seb , four , is the number one priority on holiday - that and escaping the chaos that is our life in london.
these stunning pictures show a trio of daredevil bikers dicing with death as they leap over huge jagged rocks metres above crashing waves. the mountain bike athletes were captured taking huge leaps as the sun went down over portland rock , an island off the coast of weymouth , dorset , on sunday by photographer jack davies. ' it 's not the first time the riders have pulled such a daredevil stunt - last year mr burton and mr seddon took part in a promotional video to highlight the need to increase space for cyclists in london by cycling over some of the capital 's top landmarks.
the new southpaw trailer last month featured jake gyllenhaal showing off an extremely toned torso. but according to his trainer , former professional boxer terry claybon , it took a huge amount of work to get the 34-year-old actor ripped for the shoot , including six months of training before filming even started. of course , jake had to work even harder to get in shape because he had just dropped approximately 30lbs to play freelance crime reporter lou , who stumbles upon the dangerous underworld of los angeles in nightcrawler. scroll down for video. blood , sweat and tears : according to his trainer , it took a huge amount of work to get jake gyllenhaal ripped for southpaw , including six months of training before filming started , 2,000 sit ups and six hours of training each day.
all over the field manchester united were superior. a season that seemed to be heading nowhere when arsenal defeated them in the fa cup last month will perhaps now be remembered for a return to european football and also for this , a victory over their neighbours that was even more complete , more absolute , than the scoreline suggests. but not since 2009-10 when united beat city twice in the barclays premier league and edged a league cup semi-final have they brutalised them like this. old trafford roars with marouane fellaini after the influential belgian gave the red devils an advantage they never looked like relinquishing.
college basketball player lauren hill lost her battle with cancer on friday morning , aged just 19. the indiana native , who was diagnosed with a rare form of brain cancer shortly after her 18th birthday , had defied doctors ' expectations after they told her that she would not live past december. but as her condition worsened , she became an honorary coach and earlier this year , she moved to cincinnati children 's hospital , where she passed away on friday morning. scroll down for video. loss : lauren hill , who is pictured playing for mount st. joseph university in cincinnati in november , died in hospital on friday - aged just 19 - after a brave battle with a rare form of brain cancer.
his face has appeared in sandwiches , on tree stumps and even a dog 's ear. mother-of-two lindsey norman noticed the uncanny resemblance in a six pack of # 1 buns she had purchased from her local sainsbury 's in peterborough , cambridgeshire. scroll down for video. she has since eaten all the buns in the packet. last week a california couple were shocked by the ` miraculous ' appearance of jesus on their pine dining table. jaimie beebe , 37 , and her boyfriend gary ousdahl , 37 , put the table on ebay with a $ 5,000 -lrb- # 3,350 -rrb- price tag - but it has yet to receive any bids.
they are the homes provided to give those less fortunate members of our society a roof over their heads. but with the cost of maintenance and repairs to damaged public housing nearing $ 13 million a year in nsw alone , the state government has had enough and is planning to make tenants pay a bond before they move in. ` the critical argument for it is that at the moment the maintenance costs , including damage from poor tenancy , are in the order of approximately $ 12-13 million per year , ' mr hazzard told daily mail australia. a picture from the nsw department of family and community services shows damage to public housing.
a brother and sister were left severely disabled after maternity staff at the hospital where they were both born , two years apart , made the same mistakes. paula mckay was told her daughter natasha had suffered brain damage and would be left disabled after errors were made by medics at the former sharoe green hospital in preston. when patrick was delivered at the same hospital , the same errors were made , leaving her son brain damaged and severely disabled like his older sister. ms mckay , from leyland , near preston , has been awarded # 13 million in compensation , a # 7 million care package for her daughter five years after a # 6 million sum for her son 's lifelong care was agreed.
txiki begiristain was on the 10.30 am lufthansa flight out of manchester for munich on tuesday morning. it 's the week of the champions league quarter-finals , therefore the manchester city director of football would have expected to be on the move. city succumbed meekly to barcelona last month leaving him to plan his schedule only as a voyeur. the thought of begiristain and his favourite coach , pep guardiola , in the same stadium as bayern munich attempt to turn over a 3-1 first leg deficit to porto certainly provides some appropriate imagery. guardiola is the man begiristain would like to install at city in the summer of 2016.
vin los , 24 , gained notoriety last year for his tattoo-covered visage and his dreams of becoming the most famous man in the world ; despite facing heavy criticism about his unique ink , vin insisted that the sharpie-like tattoos on his face , neck , chest , and arms 'em body pop culture ' , create ' a myth , a mystery ' and would one day help him to achieve his goal of global fame. scroll down for video. inked in his underwear : vin loss , 24 , stars in a new campaign for underwear brand garçon model that showcases his extensive body art.
david cameron 's desperate attempts to appear cool have failed to impress his children. the prime minister has revealed eldest daughter nancy has taken to likening her father to phil dunphy , the embarrassing dad from us hit sitcom modern family. david cameron has revealed eldest daughter nancy has taken to likening her father to phil dunphy -lrb- right -rrb- , the embarrassing dad from us hit sitcom modern family. now in its sixth series , modern family is one of the biggest sitcoms to come out of american since friends. dunphy , played by ty burrell , is one of the stand-out characters in the american show.
des moines , iowa -lrb- cnn -rrb- martin o'malley told reporters in iowa on friday that inevitability -- a term bandied about regarding democratic presidential frontrunner hillary clinton -- is not unbreakable. '' clinton was considered inevitable to win the nomination in 2008 but ended up losing to barack obama. o'malley had previously dropped the inevitability comment in a television interview last month. the former governor , who capped off his two-day trip to the first-in-the-nation caucus state with a speech to the polk county democrats in des moines , said that although clinton is an `` eminently qualified candidate , '' the democratic party is full of `` good leaders.
the woman who was tragically killed when her car washed away in flood waters in maitland has been identified as an elderly great-grandmother who was popping out for milk. the body of anne jarmain , 86 , was found at 7pm on wednesday ; 10 hours after her car was pulled off the road and underwater as she tried to crossed cessnock road , which in the nsw hunter region. scroll down for video. police battled wild flood water as they searched for ms jarmain 's vehicle at the scene of the tragic accident. anne jarmain 's car was washed off the road when she tried to overtake a stalled car over flood waters.
new pictures have emerged of louis tomlinson 's wild night of partying with a group of five girls. the one direction star was seen barefoot and sat on the edge of a sofa during a stay at london 's soho hotel on wednesday night , in which he appeared to be rolling a joint while sat next to a box filled with a suspicious substance. scroll down for video. up all night : louis tomlinson is clearly visible in previously unseen pictures from his wild night out with five girls , taken before he was pictured rolling a ` suspicious cigarette ' in his hotel room in london.
confessing himself as a ` chief witness ' of football it 's no surprise , then , that when asked to pick a favourite he is able to pluck one game in particular from his encyclopaedic memory. ` liverpool 4 , newcastle 3. ' stan collymore -lrb- third left -rrb- smashes home liverpool 's fourth past newcastle goalkeeper pavel srnicek. he is of course referring to the seven goal thriller at anfield on april , 1996 , which saw the two premier league hopefuls slug it out in order to close the gap between themselves and leaders manchester united. ` everybody remembers newcastle going for -lsb- the league title -rsb- but liverpool were in the mix as well ; and maybe they looked too much at each other because neither of them won it in the end.
the queen 's staff will take industrial action for the first time in history over their ` ridiculously low ' wages. wardens at windsor castle say they are expected to carry out extra duties , including giving guided tours to visitors , for no extra money. union chiefs claim workers earn as little as # 14,700 despite working the ` country 's richest family '. wardens at windsor castle -lrb- pictured here collecting flowers laid by well-wishers following the death of the queen mother -rrb- have voted for industrial action in a dispute over pay. now , staff have voted ` overwhelmingly ' in favour of industrial action after complaining they have suffered ` years of pay restraint '.
most brides spend months searching for the perfect accessories on their big day - but a knee-high cast and nhs-issue crutches are n't exactly on the list. however , kimberley donoghue , 28 , from ponthenri near carmarthen , was forced to hobble down the aisle after breaking her leg and a bone in her foot just four days before her wedding. kimberley donoghue , 28 , from south wales wore her leg in plaster under her dress , and has decided to postpone the official wedding photographs until the plaster is off. the 28-year-old was wheeled into church by her dad and had to sit to take her vows , after falling down stairs carrying decorations just four days before the wedding.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- it 's no surprise which image is making the headlines from this week 's gathering of leaders from nearly three dozen nations in panama : a historic handshake between president barack obama and cuban president raul castro. but this first meeting of obama and castro since they announced plans to start normalizing diplomatic ties should not be the end of the summit story. the reality is that the united states has been losing ground in this increasingly important region , and obama needs to put on a strong performance in panama at the summit of the americas if the u.s. is to have a chance of improving ties with neighbors who should be best friends , but who have drifted away as america has been focused on challenges at home and instability in the middle east.
eight deputies were filmed beating and kicking an alleged horse thief for two minutes as he lay dormant in the southern california desert. an nbc helicopter was following the san bernardino county officers as they pursued a 30-year-old man , francis pusok , who was believed to have stolen horse on thursday afternoon. the footage shows two deputies catch up with pusok on foot after he falls off the horse , and they stun him with a taser. they stun him again , and again , before launching over to kick him between the legs. attack : two deputies were captured on film kicking francis pusok , an alleged horse thief , in the groin.
these are the last known movements of a murdered university student whose body was found in the boot of a burning car. firefighters made the grim discovery of janet muller 's body in ifield , near crawley , west sussex on march 13. police have now released video stills and footage of the 21-year-old university of brighton student in portslade on the night before her death. scroll down for video. janet muller was seen walking in a subway in portslade , east sussex , at 10.30 pm on march 12. the bright student 's family described her as an ` inspirational , passionate and caring person ' and said her death had left a ` deep hole ' in their hearts.
juventus and liverpool are continuing to monitor developments with chelsea midfielder oscar. the brazil international has been criticised by jose mourinho in recent weeks and there are question marks over his future. chelsea want to strengthen in the summer and may need a high profile departure to help balance the books. juventus and liverpool are interested in signing chelsea 23-year-old midfielder oscar. oscar in action during chelsea 's 1-0 premier league victory against queens park rangers last weekend. oscar cost chelsea # 19.35 m and they would want a substantial profit on the 23 year-old. juventus want a playmaker for next season and brazil boss carlos dunga advised them to buy oscar.
new york -lrb- cnn -rrb- a new york police department detective apologized friday for an angry exchange with an uber driver that was caught on video and landed him on modified assignment. i sincerely apologize , '' patrick cherry told wnbc 's jonathan dienst. cherry , an nypd detective assigned to the fbi 's joint terrorism task force with top-secret security clearance , faces suspension , reassignment or loss of his clearance after the video of the altercation went viral. '' the altercation began monday when the uber driver gestured to a detective in an unmarked car to use his blinker after he was allegedly attempting to park without using it , according to sanjay seth , a passenger in the car who uploaded the video to youtube.
while most people are used to hiding chocolate eggs and enjoying dinner with family and friends , easter celebrations in parts of the world can take on a very different appearance. a similar age-old tradition takes place in hungary , where after being sprinkled with water , the women give the men beautifully coloured eggs in return. scroll down for video. in southern germany , hundreds of horse riders and spectators braved the snow for their traditional easter monday procession. the easter horseback parade , known as the georgiritt , is held in traustein , germany and dates back to the 18th century.
an architect who arranged to meet a woman on a blind date raped her several hours later while telling her ` girls say no but they do n't really mean it , ' a court has heard. adam leheup , 34 , allegedly insisted on having sex with the 25-year-old woman despite her shouting : ` no , no. adam leheup met with his alleged victim after making contact with her through the ` let 's date app ' they arranged to meet under the clock on waterloo station before crossing the bridge over to the embankment where they went to gordon 's wine bar.
for most workers , being told they 're getting a raise at work is a cause for celebration , but not for these builders in china. that 's because they 're constructing a mountain road thousands of feet above the ground in pingjiang county , hunan province. on the edge : workers in china have been pictured building a walkway for tourists while perched thousands of feet up a mountain side in pingjiang county , hunan province. attraction : pingjiang is dominated by the mufu mountain range and officials have tried to attract visitors to the small county by construction precarious walkways such as this one for tourists to walk along.
the yellow protein world ad , currently plastered all over billboards around the london underground , features a bikini-clad renee next to text reading ` are you beach body ready ? ' the sight of the 24-year-old 's toned figure towering above train platforms has caused a stir among some feminists and body image campaigners , with a change.org petition started , general social media outrage and defacing of the posters by bloggers , angry at the perceived insinuation that only women who look like renee are ready to go to the beach. the sight of the 24-year-old 's curves towering above train platforms caused a stir among some feminists and body image campaigners.
ronnie o'sullivan took off his shoes mid-match at the crucible on tuesday -- but still socked it to debutant craig steadman. the rocket raced into a 7-2 lead in his first match at this year 's betfred world championship in sheffield. but five-time champion o'sullivan , 39 , could now face a fine after breaching snooker 's strict dress code against the 32-year-old from manchester. o'sullivan played a frame of his encounter against fellow englishman craig steadman in his socks. o'sullivan leans across the table as he lines up a shot during the first round of the world championship. o'sullivan saw his lead pegged back to 4-2 after losing that frame -- and tried to hand his footwear to a fan.
hillary rodham clinton took aim at republicans on monday for latching on to a new book that details sweetheart deals she allegedly made between foreign governments and the u.s. state department in exchange for speaking fees and donations to her family foundation. ' clinton dismissed the swirling questions as little more than political attacks from republicans eager to gain an early advantage in the 2016 presidential contest. and campaigning for the democratic presidential nomination , she pushed back hard. scroll down for video. it 's me : democratic presidential front-runner hillary rodham clinton 's chief complaint about republicans is that they ca n't stop talking about her.
michael buckley , 60 , from forest hill , south east london , died after being hit by a shopping trolley as he bought festive groceries at marks & spencer. a shopper caused the death of a frail widower by ` deliberately ramming ' him with her trolley , a court heard yesterday. when she could not get past 60-year-old michael buckley she exchanged heated words with him before knocking him over with her trolley , it was alleged. mr buckley -- who suffered from diabetes and weighed only 8st -- fell to the floor in the m&s aisle and broke his thighbone and wrist.
the array of glittering precious stones on display at the event in geneva on may 13 is blinding. it includes a pink diamond worth # 8million , a sapphire worth # 2.7 million and a pair of diamond earrings with # 670,000. a christie 's employee wears the maria christina royal devant-de-corsage brooch , which is expected to fetch # 1 to # 1.33 million. the auction will showcase 351 historically significant and antique jewels spanning from the 18th to the 20th centuries. the most important piece is the maria christina royal devant-de-corsage brooch , which was presented as a wedding gift from king alfonso xii of spain to his wife , the archduchess maria christina of austria in november 1879.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- it was right after one of the longest lockouts in nba history. jeff green , then playing for the boston celtics , was looking forward to getting back to the hardwood. `` i was shocked , '' said the memphis grizzlies small forward. i could n't get stressed out , it was tough. '' as green learned how doctors would open up his chest to repair his heart , he considered the possibility he may never play basketball again. so , he headed back to his college roots at georgetown university , finished his degree and became the first person in his family to graduate from college.
exactly one week after being taken into police custody in baltimore , freddie gray died sunday under circumstances that are unclear. an attorney for gray 's family alleges that police are involved in a cover-up. `` on last sunday morning at about 8 a.m. , the police chased freddie gray , a ... healthy man , without any evidence he had committed a crime. his take-down and arrest without probable cause occurred under a police video camera , which taped everything including the police dragging and throwing freddy into a police vehicle while he screamed in pain , '' attorney william murphy jr. said in a statement.
just two weeks before the bout , tickets for the most anticipated fight in recent times have yet to go on public sale , with the two camps and the mgm grand locked in a stand-off over allotments. when they are finally put on sale , only a few will be sold at the listed price. the impasse has left fans in the dark , and ticket brokers perplexed. floyd mayweather performs at a media workout with his uncle roger on the pads in las vegas. manny pacquiao was in good spirits as he showed off his skills for the fans earlier this week.
cathryn parker has lived under at least 74 aliases in los angeles , mainly those of hollywood production workers. but after 15 blissful years skipping over legal hurdles , it all came to a grinding halt when she was stopped for a traffic violation. police started to investigate parker after realizing she gave the traffic officers a false name. tracking down her house , they found she was leasing under another false name. the case quickly unraveled into one of the biggest cases of identity theft the state has ever seen. master con ? cathryn parker , 72 , has been living as 74 different people , mainly hollywood production staffers.
at 6-foot-5 and 289lb jj watt is a terror on the football field - recording more than 20 sacks and forcing four fumbles for the houston texans with his explosive speed and power last season. now the nfl defensive end flaunting his incredible athletic process off the field. the standing box jump - a popular crossfit workout move - is billed as a personal best. jj watt performed an incredible 61-inch box standing box jump. an impressive feat for a man who weighs nearly 300 pounds. the houston texans defensive tackle released the video as part of his announcement that he has signed an endorsement deal with reebok.
a man was horrified after finding a five inch piece of timber in his frozen curry. john foran 's wife nita was preparing a chicken tikka biryani stir-fry on tuesday april 7 when he found the splinter-covered shard. the # 2 ready meal was bought from an iceland foods store in spytty retail park near the couple 's home in newport , south wales , within the last two weeks. john foran was horrified to find a five inch piece of timber in his iceland chicken tikka biryani curry. ' iceland said they are carrying out a thorough investigation into how the timber shard came to be in the curry.
the pfa premier league team of the year was unveiled on sunday night at a glitzy ceremony at the grosvenor house hotel in london. the side , which is voted for by players from across the 20 clubs in england 's top flight , featured six chelsea players , with eden hazard , winner of the individual prize , making the side for the third straight season. sergio aguero nets his 21st strike of the season against aston villa. he has scored one more than harry kane. cesc fabregas , in action against his former club arsenal on sunday , and aguero are in the ea sports team.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- he was known as the american mouthpiece of al qaeda , speaking against his native country on behalf of a terrorist organization that 's devoted blood and resources to attacking it. the white house announced thursday that adam gadahn , 36 , was killed in january in a u.s. government counterterrorism operation. neither he nor ahmed farouq -- another u.s. citizen and al qaeda operative who died in what the white house said was `` likely a separate '' operation -- was specifically targeted , according to the statement. warren weinstein , a u.s. citizen who was abducted by al qaeda in pakistan in 2011 , died along with another hostage , italian giovanni lo porto , in the attack that killed farouq , according to the white house.
angelina santini from san diego , california , filmed her nine-month-old son marcus getting carried away in his bouncer one day. he then stops to look at the camera before starting his bouncing stunt again. adding to the performance , he trills his lips at the same time. four years on , videos show that the youngster has swapped his passion for bouncing with playing the guitar. with so much energy though , it 's likely he 'll be strumming some some rock n ' roll beats instead of classical sounds. caught on camera : angelina santini from san diego , california , filmed her nine-month-old son marcus getting carried away in his bouncer one day.
at saracens , who take on racing metro in paris on sunday in the european champions cup quarter-final , the flanker is loved by his team-mates every bit as much as he is loathed by opponents who fear the reckless abandon with which he is prepared to play the game. with a face left battered and bruised by years of punishment , burger is the man you want on your team. saracens ace jacques burger looks to get to grips with harlequins marland yarde. burger of saracens tackles harlequins ace chris robshaw in the aviva premiership match. ' therein lies the challenge facing rugby today.
cctv pictures show a man police want to speak to after a ` peeping tom ' incident at a swimming pool. these pictures show a ` peeping tom ' who is believed to have been spying on young women changing in cubicles at a swimming pool. at around 12.45 pm yesterday , a 19-year-old woman was changing in a cubicle in aqua vale swimming pool in aylesbury , buckinghamshire , when she noticed a man looking under the bottom of the cubicle. captured on cctv cameras placed in the changing areas near the pool , the latest pictures are thought to be connected to a similar incident that took place at the same pool.
they 're the fastest-growing nutrition bar in the u.s. with sales topping $ 100 million. but the fda has ruled that kind bars are not as kind on the body as they purport to be. investigators found that a number of flavors were labeled ` healthy ' - brimming with fiber , protein and antioxidants , while being low in fat and sodium. mislabeled ? the fda has ruled that kind bars are not as kind on the body as they purport to be. indeed , daily mail online calculated that one kind bar flavor - not included in the fda investigation - contains more calories , fat and sodium than a snickers bar.
the average british worker will sit through 6,239 meetings in their career , a survey has found. of the 2000 surveyed by headset manufacturer sennheiser communications , 70 per cent said they constantly zone out while in meetings , with the average worker switching off completely after 20 minutes. the average british worker will sit through 6,239 meetings in their career , a survey has found -lrb- file picture -rrb-. one in five workers confessed to messing something up due to zoning out in a meeting , with more than a quarter saying they had made more than ten massive mistakes.
nearly one in four teenagers are ` almost constantly ' online as their lives are swallowed up ever more by their mobile phones , a study has revealed. nine in teenagers also confessed to going online every day as they were unable to resist the lure of facebook and instagram. in danger ? the study also looked at social media and found that middle class teenagers were more likely to use snapchat , the controversial message service where messages disappears seconds after they are sent. parents now find it increasingly difficult to monitor their children 's online behaviour as more than 70 per cent of teens use now more than one social network.
yaphank , in the 1930s , appeared as a haven for americans -- most of them of german heritage -- who sympathized with the causes of the third reich. scroll down for video. nazi camp : yaphank , long island was once home to a camp for nazis where like-minded individuals could drink beer and learn about eugenics. that camp was founded in 1935 by friends of new germany , writes dangerousminds.net. the bund in yaphank , as it did in similar communities in pennsylvania , wisconsin and new jersey , organized military demonstrations where they waved both the american and nazi flags.
the fiancee of fusilier lee rigby has found ` happiness ' with an army major 27 years her senior. just two years after fusilier rigby was hacked to death in woolwich , south-east london , she is said to have formed a close bond with major draper , who was a mourner at her fiance 's funeral. scroll down for video. lee rigby 's fiancée aimee west -lrb- left -rrb- has found happiness with a friend of the murdered soldier , major paul draper -lrb- right -rrb-. major draper 's ex-wife , jane -- whom he left for another woman in 2002 -- said she was not surprised by his new relationship.
these comical printed cards were handed out by men to women they found attractive. according to the encyclopedia of ephemera , there were two types of cards used in the 1870s and 1880s. this blank card poses , ` who the devil are you ? ' this man 's intent is made crystal clear by its very title. ` two souls with but a single thought ; two hearts that beat as one ' , reads this one.
a 1,200lb-man forced to move from his financially-troubled nursing home was hoisted from the building by a crane and driven to his new residence on a flatbed truck. robert butler , 43 , was transported inside a shipping container from bannister house in providence , rhode island to the eleanor slater hospital in cranston. the operation took almost seven hours on sunday and involved the providence and cranston fire departments , lifespan , the hospital association of rhode island and bay crane northeast. scroll down for video. robert butler was transported inside a shipping container from bannister house in providence , rhode island to the eleanor slater hospital in cranston on sunday after his nursing home shut down amid financial difficulties.
this dog is lost in deep concentration. kristina patrick from alaska filmed her german shepherd pakak performing a very skillful trick. video footage shows the pup lying on her back with a tennis ball neatly clutched between her front paws. keeping her eyes fixed on the toy , she then proceeds to lift it into the air being careful not to drop it. pakak 's owner says she loves playing with balls. other videos reveal the pup also has a passion for swimming and being by the sea. pet 's got talent : kristina patrick from alaska filmed her german shepherd , pakak , performing a skillful trick.
the former bbc economics editor made headlines last week after it emerged she had been ` secretly ' dating ed miliband. former bbc economics editor stephanie flanders yesterday broke her silence over her fling with ed miliband , describing it as ` fleeting and very costly '. she made headlines last week after it emerged she had been ` secretly ' dating the labour leader when he first met his wife justine in 2004. it was unclear whether miss flanders was voicing regret over her relationship with mr miliband , or was embarrassed by the media coverage -- or both. miss flanders , 46 , accused the media of ` raking over ' mr miliband 's past in the run-up to the election.
an terrified asthma sufferer was left coughing up blood after accidentally inhaling an earring into her lungs. the 41-year-old woman was getting ready for a party to celebrate the new year when she started to wheeze. worried her asthma would get worse and ruin the festivities , she reached into her bag for her inhaler , according to doctors writing in the journal bmj case reports. her blue salbutamol inhaler was uncapped in her bag , and she heard a ` coarse rattle ' when she shook it. the 41-year-old australian woman had a medical emergency on new year 's eve after inhaling an earring into her lungs.
ann price , the creator of the world famous ghetto burger , has passed away. com , price was the owner of ann 's snack bar in atlanta. back in 2007 , the wall street journal named her signature ` ghetto burger , ' a double cheeseburger with bacon , grilled onions , ketchup , mustard and chili , the best in america. ann price , the popular figure behind the ` ghetto burger , ' dubbed best burger in america by the wall street journal , has died at the age of 72. the ` ghetto burger ' is a double cheeseburger with bacon , grilled onions , ketchup , mustard and chili.
work. suede courts , # 195 , lkbennett.com. com.
but a police poster advising women to stick together on a night out provoked anger yesterday , as campaigners claimed it suggested victims were responsible for sex attacks. sussex police was accused of ` victim-blaming ' in its campaign , which urges women not to leave their friends alone or let them wander off with strangers. women 's rights groups said rapists were to blame for sex attacks , not their victims. anti-rape campaigners have criticised the message in this sussex police poster arguing it implies that victims are to blame for getting raped. ' it goes on : ` many sexual assaults could be prevented.
farmers in country australia are renting their empty properties for $ 1 a week in an attempt to attract young families from the big smoke to invigorate their communities. cumnock resident christine weston says the rent-a-farmhouse initiative she set up in 2008 brought new life to her town of 280 people near orange the town 's population increased 30 per cent but those families are growing up and moving on. the mercer family , who moved from melbourne , at their country home in cumnock. the view from the mercer 's cumnock home , ` barina ' , which is part of the rent-a-farmhouse scheme.
but sunday 's party marking the 150th anniversary of the end of the american civil war took about 5,000 miles -lrb- 8,000 kilometers -rrb- south of the south , in a rural brazilian town colonized by families fleeing reconstruction. proud heritage : descendants of american southerners wearing confederate-era uniforms pose for pictures as they attend a party to celebrate the 150th anniversary of the end of the american civil war in santa barbara d'oeste , brazil on sunday. thousands turn out every year , including many who trace their ancestry back to the dozens of families who , enticed by the brazilian government 's offers of land grants , settled here from 1865 to around 1875.
a hiker exploring chile 's natural wonders got the shock of his life on wednesday afternoon when a volcano erupted before his eyes. a man identified as walter witt on youtube was casually filming a serene forest with gentle waterfalls a short distance away from the foot of the 6,500-foot-high calbuco volcano. ` beautiful , the volcano there ... ` he says just before the volcano begins to blow. scroll down for video. the volcano has been dormant since 1972 and neither scientists nor government officials predicted the eruption , reports mashable. volcano calbuco , believed to be among the three most dangerous of chile 's 90 active volcanoes , had erupted for the first time at 6pm local time on wednesday.
celta vigo forward nolito has declared that lionel messi should hit the spanish coast on sunday instead of risking his foot injury during their la liga clash. the barcelona forward has been training following a minor problem , and is set to recover in time for the trip to celta , but 28-year-old nolito has urged the argentine to stay away. ' i guess he 'll come , but he can spend the day at the beach as far as i 'm concerned , ' nolito told marca. ' lionel messi should be fit to face celta vigo for barcelona after recovering from a foot injury.
the mortgage market has reached a ` watershed ' moment with the launch of the first five-year fixed rate below 2 per cent. the battle between lenders has intensified in recent months , plunging home loan rates to their lowest in history. but the mortgage wars will erupt again next week after hsbc announced a 1.99 per cent interest rate on a five-year fix. new low : the mortgage market has reached a ` watershed ' moment with the launch of the first five-year fixed rate below 2 per cent. the offer from one of the country 's biggest mortgage lenders -- hsbc is consistently in the top five -- launches on monday and is expected to trigger a flood of rate cuts by other banks and building societies.
the champions of england were smashed into submission at stade marcel michelin on saturday night , to further expose the vast gulf in clout between the aviva premiership clubs and their rich french rivals. jim mallinder 's men are imperious in domestic rugby -- leading the league by 10 points -- but they were simply obliterated by the formidable top 14 giants. clermont are nigh-on invincible at home and northampton could do absolutely nothing to even fleetingly threaten their dominance in this raucous arena. clermont winger noa nakaitaci -lrb- right -rrb- scores his second try against northampton. france wing noa nakaitaci scoring two tries before half-time and nick abendanon , the ex-bath and england full-back , capped a masterful display with a break-away try from 90 metres out.
there are dozens of safety rules when it comes to jet skiing. but all of those appeared to have sunk to the bottom of the ocean at a beach in cancun , mexico , as a new nail-biting video proves. alejandro bouvier of uruguay filmed the moment another rider got scarily close to his watercraft one sunny day. footage shows him zipping towards the driver before he swings around and drives directly in his path. luckily the two jet skiers avoid a dangerous collision thanks to some swift steering skills. ' caught on camera : alejandro bouvier of uruguay filmed the moment another rider got scarily close to his watercraft one sunny day.
the number of women in britain becoming nuns is at a 25-year high. figures from the catholic church show the number of women taking holy vows has trebled from 15 in 2009 to 45 last year. theodora hawksley , 29 , was until recently a post-doctoral researcher in theology at the university of edinburgh. figures from the catholic church show the number of women becoming nuns in britain has trebled from 15 in 2009 to 45 last year. from a low of seven in 2004 , the figure has been rising for the past decade -lrb- file image -rrb-. she joined the congregation of jesus in january and is now living in their house in willesden , north london , while taking the first steps towards making vows of poverty , chastity and obedience.
ahead of this weekend 's premier league action , sportsmail will be providing you with all you need to know about every fixture , with team news , provisional squads , betting odds and opta stats. here is all the information you need for sunderland 's home clash with newcastle ... sunderland vs newcastle united -lrb- stadium of light -rrb-. sunderland. sunderland midfielder lee cattermole will return to the starting line-up for sunday 's derby clash with newcastle. head coach dick advocaat has confirmed that cattermole will be back against the magpies after serving a two-match ban for reaching 10 bookings for the season.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- robert bates , 73 , shot and killed a man while playing cops and robbers with real police. bates was a reserve deputy sheriff , which allowed him to `` work full time jobs in the community and volunteer ... time in a myriad of events such as the special olympics and tulsa state fair , '' according to the tulsa county sheriff office 's website. he had taken part in more than 100 operations with the violent crimes task force , according to his lawyer. on april 2 , bates thought he was going to use a taser on eric harris , who deputies had just tackled after he sold an undercover officer a lugar pistol and then took off running.
police say they have no objections to the late afternoon kick-off for sunday 's manchester derby at old trafford. with plenty at stake for both united and city -- both sides are challenging for a top-four spot in the premier league -- some may feel that the 4pm start could be unwise as it allows supporters more time in the pub. police say they have no objections to sunday 's manchester derby taking place in the late afternoon. chief superintendent john o'hare says the kick-off was agreed by all parties and revealed that the decision is down to good behaviour from supporters of each side.
hillary clinton lost the 2008 democratic presidential nomination because barack obama was the picture of cool. the former secretary of state 's campaign-in-waiting has reportedly signed a lease for two floors of office space in brooklyn , new york -- the epicenter of hipster culture. brooklyn has transformed itself in recent years from manhattan 's ugly little brother into the big apple borough where everyone wants to live. and the brooklyn heights neighborhood is among the most hipster-friendly of them all. scroll down for video. very hip : hillary 's hq will be in the cooler-than-thou enclave of brooklyn , new york.
castleford 's blockbusting australian winger justin carney will be sidelined for up to two months after being told he needs to undergo elbow surgery. the news could have been worse for carney , who dislocated his elbow in the tigers ' 25-4 win over hull kr last saturday but did not suffer a break as first feared. castleford winger justin carney is set to be out for up to months after being told he needs elbow surgery. ` justin needs an operation and will be out for six to eight weeks , ' said castleford coach daryl powell. ' winger james clare is expected to take carney 's place against widnes on sunday after recovering from a knee injury that has kept him out of the last two matches .
embattled kim richards stormed out of an interview with dr phil mcgraw after a highly emotional discussion of her alcoholism , daily mail online can exclusively reveal. the hysterical real housewife broke down in tears and went into full meltdown as observers revealed she bolted from the room where dr phil had offered to help place her in a top treatment program. scroll down for video. tarnished star : kim richards leaving the beverly wilshire hotel in beverly hills , where she had an emotionally-charged interview with dr phil mcgraw after her arrest last week. her sister kathy is seen behind.
a drunk father-of-two faces hours of agonising laser surgery after mis-spelling his own son 's name while giving himself a diy tattoo. tom moffatt , 27 , from ashton-under-lyne in tameside , greater manchester , was meant to ink ` riley ' - the name of his four-year-old son - into his left arm. but instead of the letter ` l' , mr moffatt started needling the letter p - and had to urgently ` scribble ' over the mistake. the makeshift tattoo session took place in mr moffatt 's living room with a # 70 ink gun bought online. the nhs worker was drunk at the time and said he now considers the inkwork a ` nightmare '.
liverpool just edged past blackburn rovers in their fa cup sixth round replay to make it to a 24th cup semi-final in the anfield club 's illustrious history. philippe coutinho eventually broke the deadlock after 161 goalless minutes across the two games but blackburn came close to levelling matters when goalkeeper simon eastwood was denied in stoppage time. blackburn rovers : -lrb- 4-4-2 -rrb-. could do nothing to stop philippe coutinho 's winner but did well to deny brazilian in the first half and even had a pop at goal himself with a brilliant turn in stoppage time. simon even had a pop at goal himself with a brilliant turn in stoppage time after performing well in goal.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- ten years ago , a prosecutor in centre county , pennsylvania , took a day off work and vanished. investigators have taken dives to the bottom of lakes , dug up a grave , chased more than 300 reported sightings from arizona to north carolina , dropped fliers over slovenia , consulted a psychic , interviewed a member of the hell 's angels and enlisted nasa technology. but no one has been able to find the veteran district attorney , who was 59 when he disappeared. when he went missing that friday morning on april 15 , 2005 , he left behind a live-in girlfriend , a beautiful and successful daughter and a bank account that was supposed to fund a fast-approaching retirement.
arsenal moved nine points clear of their top four rivals liverpool on saturday afternoon with a 4-1 win at home in the premier league. goals from hector bellerin , mesut ozil and alexis sanchez put the gunners 3-0 ahead , before jordan henderson pulled one back from the penalty spot for the visitors. olivier giroud completed the scoreline with a sumptuous strike in injury time. here , sportsmail 's matt barlow casts his eye over the two teams ' performances at the emirates. arsenal -lrb- 4-2-3-1 -rrb-. david ospina - 6.5. made a flying save to thwart can in the second-half and almost saved jordan henderson 's penalty.
it has been described as a ` maritime masterpiece '. originally named ena , the historic steam yacht was designed in 1900 and built the following year. and now it is on the market after having served in world war i and being salvaged after it sunk in 1981 , the property observer reports. this steam boat has been described as a maritime masterpiece. the finest steam yacht in australia. originally named ena , the historic steam yacht was designed in 1900 and built the following year. now it is on the market after having served in world war i and being salvaged after it sunk in 1981.
could these be the boots of a disembodied samurai soldier , lingering mysteriously behind this little girl ? a spooky dark visage that appears behind the child in this photograph has sparked online rumours of a ghost. this photograph was captured in kanagawa prefecture , japan - ` nearby some samurai tombs ' , apparently - late last year. the reddit user who posted it online - a friend of the photographer - insisted it was ` not photoshopped ' and that paranormal forces could be at work. scroll down for video. a trick of the light or paranormal forces at play ? there is chatter online about what the cause of this apparent black boot apparition is.
a bus driver who was caught reading a newspaper while driving has been slammed by his boss as a ` complete idiot '. a passenger filmed the driver on a bus in auckland , new zealand , and sent the video to bus company ritchies coachlines along with a complaint. in the footage the driver can be seen flicking through pages of the newspaper while the bus is in motion. scroll down for video. a bus driver was caught reading a newspaper while driving in auckland , new zealand. ritchies coachlines boss andrew ritchie said he was embarrassed by the ` idiot ' driver 's actions.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- i will always remember when things turned. we were there to protest the acquittal of four police officers in the beating death of unarmed motorcyclist arthur mcduffie. community leaders were gathered at the front , speaking to a crowd that was in shock and full of anger and despair. the trial had been covered extensively , and nobody could believe that the fatal beating -- with the extent of the physical wounds to mcduffie 's head and body -- could be justified or excused. the miami riots of 1980 were the first major `` race riots '' since the wave of riots spread across the nation in the 1960s.
the boy , 14-year-old jack cordero , from portland , oregon , vomited all over the floor of a powell 's bookstore in the city in march. the manager said the mess was ` gigantic ' and had to clean it up , along with her assistant manager. however , her spirits were raised when she received a handwritten apology about the vomit from the boy responsible , along with a gift card for ice cream. the letter , which arrived at powell 's on april 1 and was marked ` attention barf cleaners ' , read : ` this ben and jerry 's card is for the people who cleaned up the throw-up of a kid on friday 28.
an archive of images showing the evolution of the easter egg over the past 40 years has been released in time for this year 's celebrations. archivists at confectionery giant nestle have assembled the compendium of photographs dating back as far as the 1970s to highlight how the traditional chocolate treats have changed over the years. scroll down for video. who knew ? chewy sweets , tooty frooties , used to release easter eggs. this advert dates back to 1972. a dose of nostalgia : from the smarties easter egg -lrb- pictured left -rrb- , to a selection of funky easter eggs -lrb- pictured right -rrb- , both 1970.
scotland youth international jack cosgrove has agreed to join edinburgh next season. the 20-year-old worcester warriors prop , capped nine times for the dark blues under 20s side , has penned a two-year deal with alan solomons ' side which ties him to the murrayfield outfit until may 2017. with the club being in a european cup final , they 're really showing they 've got quality players and everyone is speaking very highly of edinburgh. scotland youth international jack cosgrove has agreed to join edinburgh next season on a two-year deal. the 20-year-old worcester warriors prop has been capped nine times for the dark blues under 20s side.
one group received a mildly pleasurable experience at the end of the procedure ; the other group , which experienced the same type of colonoscopy , did not. the psychology of it is simple to understand : happy endings matter. so too with taxes. let 's just say that when it comes to taxes for the average american , `` stuff '' happens -lrb- keeping the colonoscopy metaphor running -rrb- , paycheck to tax-reduced paycheck. but recent statistics suggest that 8 out of 10 american taxpayers get a refund when they file their taxes , and the average amount is close to $ 3000.
and like many others , they have come to believe that a private education is the best way to achieve it. scroll down for video. the morgan family outside their home in hastings with dad craig , mum bonnie and sons craig jr -lrb- known as cj -rrb- , nine , and alfie , four. ' the morgans , from hastings in east sussex , settled on the idea of a private education for their children after cj , who they say is academically gifted , found that he was n't being stretched at his state primary school. ` by the age of two he could recite the continents and at nursery he was identified as gifted and talented.
these days you can ditch hotels and stay in a real house just about anywhere in the world - find the one that best suits you with our guide. the concept of a homestay holiday is that rather than renting an empty house or apartment , you stay at a reasonable cost in the home of your hosts. web-based company homestay.com lists options for single people , couples and families in cities , established holiday areas or farther afield. we can all find the dordogne or lake garda on a map but this gets you closer to the real region faster and cheaper.
known as an earworm or brainworm , the effect has been studied before - but its cause , and how to get rid of it , is poorly understood. now researchers say they have an answer ; chewing gum after hearing a catchy song will help you think about it less often. reading scientists say chewing gum helps you forget a song. the results suggests same technique could stop other intrusive thoughts. the study was carried out by scientists at the university of reading. in the research 98 volunteers were played the ` catchy tunes ' play hard by david guetta and payphone by maroon 5.
the white house doubled down today on president barack obama 's earth day message that climate change is ' a problem now ' and knocked political figures who disagree with him as climate deniers and opportunists. and the president believes that to deny the existence of climate change is to deny an observable fact that is substantiated by science , ' press secretary josh earnest said today after he was asked about a duke study that claimed the earth is n't heating up as quickly as expected. ' earnest 's channeling of former vice president al gore , star of the 2006 global warming documentary an inconvenient truth , followed the president 's gas-guzzling , 1,836 mile trip on wednesday , earth day , to the florida everglades aboard air force one.
caroline wozniacki never doubted she would grace the courts of tennis ' grand slam tournaments even when she was a giggling schoolgirl just coming through the ranks. even as a 10/11 year old i was looking forward to roland garros #confidence #believe #impossibleisnothing '. in the clip , the young dane is seen thanking a succession of people for the ` good week ' she had at the youth tournament held on clay before signing off with a slightly embarrassed : ` see you at roland garros '. former no 1 caroline wozniacki picks out what she will be wearing at this year 's french open.
nine britons -- four of them children -- were seized by turkish security forces last night as they tried to slip across the border to an islamic state stronghold in syria. the jihadists were caught as they made the final leg of their journey. the three men , two women and four children were detained by soldiers at a checkpoint in ogulpinar. arrested : nine british nationals , three men , two women and four children , have been arrested trying to enter syria illegally , and are now in the custody of turkish officials -lrb- file picture -rrb-. fleeing to syria : amira abase , kadiza sultana and shamina begum at gatwick in february.
a canadian firm has given new meaning to the phrase ` beauty sleep ' by creating a pillowcase which is being touted as the latest way to keep wrinkles at bay. and unlike a normal cotton pillowcase , which apparently sucks moisture from the skin , the wrinkle preventing pillowcase 's special blend of ` hydrophobic fibres ' keeps the complexion hydrated all night. the wrinkle preventing pillowcase has ' a blend of hydrophobic fibres that help skin retain moisture ' the infused special fibres are said to fight wrinkles like a face cream , redirecting moisture back into the skin.
but now thanks to an illustrator and designer from tenby , west wales , colouring in is the latest stress-busting hobby for adults. millie marotta , 36 , is giving colouring books an adult twist with her sellout volume animal kingdom , filled with intricate and designs of animals filled with stylised flower shapes , patterns and shapes. scroll down for video. embellished elephant : millie marotta 's colouring book features an array of intricate designs , including this elephant. millie marotta , 36 , took eight months to complete the illustration in animal kingdom. the beautiful black and white book is made up of detailed line illustrations of animals , plants and birds and encourages users to ` add your own touches with colours or line drawing.
it 's legal just one day a year , and this anzac day australians took advantage of the opportunity to play the century-old tradition of two-up in pubs and clubs all around the country. on saturday , as aussies commemorated the centenary of the landing at gallipoli , thousands of men and women took their chances with the coin game in the spirit of the diggers. after participating in dawn services and memorial services to remember the sacrifice and bravery of those who landed at gallipoli in 1915 , and to honour all other active and returned servicemen and women , the crowds wandered down to their local rsl or pub to take part in the game of chance.
geoff , 37 , had visited his mother but only stood outside before picking her up to spend time elsewhere. jennifer , also 37 , returned just twice , on the advice of her counselor , to confront the deeply-embedded shame she felt. but when their mother passed away following a 12-year battle with breast cancer in 2013 , the house was handed to them. finally returning to the meticulous havoc , they were inspired to create a moving photo-series with their own children to document the reality of being a hoarder 's child. scroll down for video. life as a hoarder 's child : geoff johnson returned to the home of his mother , a compulsive hoarder , 20 years after he left and created a moving series of images about his uneasy upbringing.
as silver confetti rained down , the chelsea players took their turn to lift the uefa youth league trophy towards the cloudless swiss sky. their 3-2 victory over shakhtar donetsk in nyon meant another piece of silverware for the ever-expanding cabinet at chelsea 's academy. they are the defending under 21 premier league champions and the holders of the fa youth cup , which they will put on the line against manchester city next week in their fifth final in six seasons. two goal hero izzy brown holds aloft the trophy as chelsea win the uefa youth team league. goal scorers dominic solanke -lrb- left -rrb- and brown pose with their medals in their mouths after sealing victory.
the kidnapper who claims to have masterminded the gone girl kidnapping of denise huskins in california says he will turn himself in , but only if his co-conspirators are given immunity. ' this came just one day after the group demanded an apology from the police for calling the entire incident a hoax. huskins , 29 , was allegedly snatched from her home by kidnappers who tied her boyfriend up on march 23 , then released one day later 400 miles away beside her parents ' home. after her ` release ' police accused them of staging the kidnapping -- a claim they both strongly denied.
the viva las vegas rockabilly weekend - now in its 18th year - is a flashback to classic cars , vintage pinups , tiki drinks , tattoos and a fashion aesthetic that balances high heels with just as high hair. around 20,000 fans of the era gathered over the weekend for musical performances and car show off the strip at the orleans hotel and casino. scroll down for video. dressed to impress : in this april 5 photo women wait in line before taking part in a bathing suit contest at the viva las vegas rockabilly weekend in las vegas - many of the attendees of the weekend wear vintage clothes.
when aston villa 's animated manager threw his gilet to the ground in celebration at the sight of christian benteke 's first half equaliser , he probably rather hoped his players were man enough to remain in the barclays premier league after all. indeed when he then saw benteke convert the second of his three goals after 33 minutes , he may have felt his damning critique on monday had provoked exactly the response he was looking for. but the grit , desire and determination his forwards had demonstrated was lacking at the opposite end of the field and a qpr side every bit as desperate to maintain their top flight status did a fine job of exposing exactly the weaknesses sherwood had highlighted.
phillip schofield was left speechless today after a guest with tourette 's syndrome blurted out ` silver fox ' at him mid-interview. ellie grant , 22 , was appearing on itv 's this morning to discuss how she suddenly developed the condition - and how she had found love with fiance jordan - who is deaf. but in the middle of the pre-recorded interview , miss grant suddenly suffered a verbal tic - and blurted out ` silver fox ' at phillip , 53. viewers reacted with amusement at the moment , which one person hailed ` the greatest tourette 's tv moment of all time '.
as if playing in front of thousands of fans was n't nerve-wracking enough , one footballer decided to risk public humiliation by proposing to his girlfriend on the pitch after a russian premier league match. fc rostov defender ivan novoseltsev popped the question after his side 's 1-0 win against torpedo moscow on monday night , getting down on one knee at the olimp-2 stadium to ask katerina keyru to marry him. video scroll down to watch ivan novoseltsev propose to his girlfriend on the pitch. fc rostov defender ivan novoseltsev gets down on one knee to propose to girlfriend katerina keyru.
but send information into a black hole , and it 's lost forever -- or at least that 's what many physicists have been arguing for nearly half a decade. now , one scientist says this may not be true , and that interactions between particles emitted by a black hole can reveal information about what lies within. for nearly 40 years , physicists have argued that black holes suck in information and then evaporate without leaving behind any clues as to what they once contained. ` according to our work , information is n't lost once it enters a black hole , ' says dejan stojkovic , an associate professor of physics at the university at buffalo.
courtney lawes arrived in france with the saints , ahead of the champions cup quarter-final against mighty clermont auvergne , carrying notoriety as excess baggage. his brutal tackle on france fly-half jules plisson at twickenham last month , in the six nations finale , angered the visitors to the extent that they tried to have him banned. while the match officials and citing officer deemed that no action was needed , the england lock has been derided as a thug across the channel and there were cries of protest in these parts , too. england lock courtney lawes made a trademark hit on france fly-half jules plisson.
in england alone , there are more than 670,000 unpaid carers helping someone with dementia. here , in the final week of our major good health series on dementia , we turn our attention to the carers and what can be done to make life easier for them and their loved ones ... scroll down for video. the early stages of the disease bring changes that may be so subtle that some friends and acquaintances are unaware that there is anything wrong - and this stage can continue for many years. but as the disease progresses and more damage is done to the brain , symptoms become more pronounced : difficulties with communication become more intense and issues such as getting dressed or managing day-to-day affairs become more problematic.
for those who did not manage to work out the cryptic clues that were designed to lead them towards the fictional cheryl 's birthday , then the answer was july 16. the question , ` so when is cheryl 's birthday ? ' was one of 25 questions set in the singapore and asian schools math olympiad. at first , it appears impossible to answer without more information but pictured is the method used to work it out. the question , ` so when is cheryl 's birthday ? ' was one of 25 questions set in the singapore and asian schools math olympiad.
this video captures the stomach-churning moment a physics teacher swings an axe into his co-worker 's genitals - in a disastrously misjudged class experiment. the teacher then orders the class to give him a count as he hoists the axe up over his head and swings it directly into the unlucky fellow-teacher 's crotch - causing him to squirm violently on the floor. facing the axe : the well-built teacher tells his class about the effect the axe will have on the cinder block before hoisting the implement into the air and swinging it straight on to the helpless teenager 's groin.
kelly ripa has been grief stricken following the sad news that her friend , cosmetic surgeon dr fredric brandt , was found dead by suicide at his miami mansion on sunday. ' sad day : kelly ripa looked to be in mourning on tuesday as she left her nyc apartment ; on sunday it was announced her surgeon friend dr fredric brandt had died. he would sing to you while he put botox in your face - any song you wanted. he could sing anything at a moment 's notice. it seemed as if ripa had wet hair and hardly any makeup on.
a cat who had been stuck in a wall at a cairo train station for five years has been freed at last. he survived thanks to an elderly man named uncle abdo , who gave the trapped cat water and fed him scraps of food every day. scroll down for video. biso the cat , who was stuck behind a wall in a cairo train station for five years , has finally been freed. the cat survived thanks to an elderly man called uncle abdo who fed him scraps of food every day. now , the feline in finally free thanks to a social media campaign , according to the cairo post.
a native american woman has accused facebook of being discriminatory after she was prevented from continuing to use her unusual name on the social media platform. brenna happy cloud of salem , oregon , found herself locked out of her facebook account last week. brenna happy cloud of salem , oregon , has accused facebook of discrimination after she was prevented from continuing to use her unusual name and was locked out of her account. with no access to her contacts , photos and messages , happy cloud admits it was a difficult time as she typically posts five or six times a day and has a large network of more than one thousand online friends.
the baggage handler who woke up from a nap inside the cargo hold of a flying plane did not realize until a piece of luggage fell on top of him. alaska airlines flight 448 bound for los angeles was forced to return to seattle-tacoma international airport monday when passengers heard banging and pleas for help coming from beneath the aircraft. today , the unnamed seattle airport employee revealed he might have slept much longer if it had n't been for the passengers ' bags. ' scroll down for audio and video. earlier , the terrified man called 911 begging the dispatcher for help.
at 65 , she could easily pass for ten years younger. scroll down for video. sarah 's face was transformed after the exercises. facial exercises have been around as long as youth has been considered the hallmark of beauty , with some claiming cleopatra was the first celebrity fan. the first official guide , however , was published in paris in 1710 , outlining the beauty routine of ninon de l'enclose , a courtesan famed for her lasting beauty. jack lalanne , the funny hollywood guy permanently in tight lycra was the visage visionary of the fifties , right up to the eighties.
hillary clinton imposed a blanket of secrecy on her movements at the height of the monica lewinsky scandal and told aides they would be fired if she was seen , it is claimed. a new book has claimed that hillary clinton imposed a blanket of secrecy on her movements during the monica lewinsky scandal. the vivid account is written by kate andersen brower , a former white house correspondent for bloomberg news in ` the residence : inside the private world of the white house. ' she tells how in the summer of 1998 , a few days before mr clinton would admit to sex with former white house intern miss lewinsky , usher worthington white was approached by mrs clinton.
but boeing has issued a patent for a bizarre ` upright ' sleeping support system that could mean economy passengers can sleep on long-haul flights too. boeing has just filed a patent for a ` transport vehicle upright sleep support system ' known as a ` cuddle chair ' it looks like a backpack and fastens to the back of the headrest to allow passengers to lean forward and rest their face and chest on the contraption. according to the patent for the ` transport vehicle upright sleep support system , ' and illustrative animated video from website patentyogi , the head cushion will have a ` face relief aperture , ' which is essentially a face-front pillow with a hole for breathing.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- a u.s. citizen with alleged ties to al qaeda did not enter a plea during his initial court appearance thursday on charges of conspiring to provide material support to terrorists. muhanad mahmoud al farekh , 29 , was deported from pakistan to the united states. he 's accused of plotting to fight against american forces abroad , according to a complaint unsealed in u.s. district court for the eastern district of new york in brooklyn. `` pretty simple reason why : if you look at a case like this , i think most americans would say the significance of this case is that this guy , an american , is going to come back home and conduct an attack.
what on earth makes us think the french do off-beat restaurants with rooms better than us ? they do n't. we are paying # 100 for two people , dinner , bed and breakfast. dinner alone would usually be about # 60 ; breakfast at least a tenner each. seafood dining : mersea oysters are available year-round - as are colchester natives , when in season. connected : the hotel is a two-minute walk from mistley station which has services to london liverpool street. i had never heard of mistley , but what a fascinating spot , with a grand twin-towered church -lrb- designed by robert adam -rrb- that originally was meant to be a spa , gorgeous terraces of georgian houses , industrial buildings near the quay that have not yet been dolled up , a post office.
manny pacquiao has a better chance of beating floyd mayweather now than he did in 2010 , claims his trainer freddie roach. but after half a decade of speculation , the pair will finally go head-to-head in las vegas on may 2 - and roach believes his man will have the advantage at the mgm grand. manny pacquiao poses with his family and author nik vujicic in a photo posted to his twitter account. floyd mayweather continues his training as he prepares to face pacquiao after years of speculation. pacquiao 's trainer , freddie roach , believes his man is ready to beat mayweather in las vegas on may 2.
but desperate to loser weight for the book 's photo shoot , she decided to try adopt a novel way to lose weight. miss maffucci made one simple change to her diet that helped her drop over 11 kg -lrb- 24 lbs -rrb- in just three months. for every meal , she substituted spiralized vegetables for bread , pasta , rice and potatoes.here , she tells the healthista website how she went from a size 14/16 to a size 8/10 so rapidly ... scroll down for video. ali maffucci , 28 , lost 11 kg -lrb- almost two stone -rrb- in three months through replacing pasta , bread and rice with spirazlied vegetables.
it 's no secret that almost all dogs love water , but very few are making waves like these two border collies. one-year-old anna and six-year-old indi have been thrilling crowds at surfing competitions for dogs after taking to the sport like a duck to water. with the help of their owner , zane jones , the four-legged surfers use their low centre of gravity to keep them stable while hanging ten off the coast of queensland , australia. ' zane and his partner , caitlin ollier , 26 , have owned the dogs , who both began surfing when they were just 10 weeks old , since they were puppies.
an 800lb woman , whose weight spiraled out of control after she was kidnapped by an ex-boyfriend and held hostage , finally stood up for the first time after years of being bound to her bed and taken care of by her three daughters. and even after a lengthy hospital stay and gastric bypass surgery , the 43-year-old still refused to let medical professionals help her stand up -- and , in doing so , save her life. scroll down for video. catching her breath : the 43-year-old took a moment to rest after getting herself out of bed. marla and her daughter sierra moved to houston , texas , so she could she could work with weight loss expert dr younan nowzaradan , but following her surgery and a lengthy stay in the hospital , she was discharged because of her lack of cooperation.
a university of iowa student has died nearly three months after a fall in rome in a suspected robbery attack in rome. andrew mogni , 20 , from glen ellyn , illinois , had only just arrived for a semester program in italy when the incident happened in january. he was flown back to chicago via air ambulance on march 20 , but he died on sunday. andrew mogni , 20 , from glen ellyn , illinois , a university of iowa student has died nearly three months after a fall in rome in a suspected robbery. he died on sunday at northwestern memorial hospital - medical examiner 's office spokesman frank shuftan says a cause of death wo n't be released until monday at the earliest.
ronny deila agrees with gary teale 's claim that st mirren have one of the best pitches in the scottish premiership - but believes that is an indictment rather than a boast. the hoops boss criticised the playing surface at st mirren park following the hoops ' 2-0 scottish premiership win on friday night and said that artificial pitches would be an improvement at most of the grounds his team are asked to visit. tommy , our groundsman , wins ` pitch of the year ' year after year and that 's a great acknowledgement for him and a great accolade for him.
mary , 43 , treated her three youngest children , princess isabella , seven , and twins princess josephine and prince vincent , four , to a day out at a farm in kirke hyllinge , a village in zealand. making the most of the sunny weather , the quartet certainly appeared to be having fun , with all four crouching down to pet a tiny holstein friesian calf. scroll down for video. enjoying the sunshine : denmark 's crown princess mary and her daughters isabella and josephine. but not everyone fancied a day out at the farm , with mary left without her husband crown prince frederik , 46 , and eldest son prince christian , nine , for the outing.
trevor noah has moved on to become a us tv star , and he left behind a stunning south african physiotherapist to pursue his american dream , the daily mail online can reveal. the new host of the daily show has separated from long term girlfriend dani gabriel after the pair had a heart to heart about his future plans. noah has known gabriel for at least four years and it 's believed they began dating early in 2014. scroll down for video. separated : trevor noah and his stunning south african girlfriend dani gabriel broke up after the pair discussed his future plans and exploding fame.
the devastated parents of a 31-year-old australian nurse who died six days after giving birth to her second child have revealed how doctors once told them their daughter would n't even live to see her sixth birthday , let alone have her own children. anne-louise van den nieuwenhof was diagnosed with a rare bone and soft tissue cancer , called ewing 's sarcoma , aged just five , and her parents were informed she only had three months to live. however , she tragically died during a routine hospital check-up for her baby girl elizabeth kelly , near her home in rossland , british columbia in canada , six days after giving birth on march 10.
a senior indonesian government official has praised the firing squad that executed bali nine pair andrew chan and myuran sukumaran. abc news reports that indonesian attorney-general h.m. prasetyo applauded chan and sukumaran 's executioners for their work. scroll down for video. indonesian attorney-general h.m. prasetyo -lrb- right -rrb- applauded chan and sukumaran 's executioners for the good job that they did. the indonesian attorney-general believed that wednesday morning 's execution was much better than one carried out in january. mr prasetyo declared it was necessary to fight drug crime in the country , as he dismissed australia 's withdrawal of its ambassador as a ` momentary reaction '.
aden , yemen -lrb- cnn -rrb- it did n't look like much , but we 'd been told it was typical of the kind of craft ferrying the route between djibouti and aden. however , we could n't risk arriving at night ; even getting too close to shore would risk being mistaken for a re-supply vessel and potentially taking a saudi hit. we 'd been hearing pops of sniper fire all day but now we could hear rounds of automatic weapons and they were getting louder. the harbor-master asked if we could take 60 refugees. what we did n't realize until it was too late was that the refugees were being charged $ 300 a person : an `` exit fee.
britain 's leading pensions and savings expert will today be announced as a new conservative peer , who will appointed as minister for consumer protection if the party wins the election. dr ros altmann , a former treasury adviser who went on to head over-50s group saga , would take responsibility for protecting people from rip-off pension and mortgage charges. dr ros altmann , pictured with david cameron at melbicks , a wyevale garden centre in birmingham , will today be announced as a new conservative peer. dr altmann will oversee the government 's pension reforms , which have allowed people to cash in retirement funds rather than being forced into buying often poor-value annuities.
there has been a lot of hype surrounding the april lunar eclipse as the moon is set to turn blood red this easter weekend. but in the lead up to the rare event tomorrow , the sydney observatory has been expressing their concerns over the bad weather forecast for the big night. so much so , they 're plans to regularly update keen spectators with phase process images have been thwarted due to cloudy conditions. a blood red moon lights up the sky during a total lunar eclipse at on october 8 , 2014 in australia. the next two eclipses are forecast to happen are on april 4 and september 28 , 2015.
actress jemima kirke has revealed details about her experience with abortion , admitting that she was forced to use up every penny of her savings in order to pay for the procedure. the 29-year-old actress made the admission in a newly-released psa for the center of reproductive rights , an organization which aims to advance reproductive freedom , in the hopes that her story will help to encourage women to be more open and honest about the taboo topic. so i decided to get an abortion , and i went to planned parenthood. ' scroll down for video. abortion advocate : girls actress jemima kirke , 29 , spoke out about her abortion in a new psa for the center for reproductive rights.
they are the easy-to-drink cocktails that come in pretty colours and sweet flavours. these drinks often contain high amounts of alcohol and drinking too many of them can leave your head spinning ... or worse. scroll down for video. colourful cocktails are deceptively easy to drink but can sometimes contain vast quantities of alcohol. the zombie is a fruity cocktail made from three different types of rum , lime juice , falernum , angostura bitters , pernod , grenadine , cinnamon syrup and grapefruit juice. made with high-proof alcohol and hardly any mixers , these ten cocktails are sure to floor even the hardiest of drinker.
tragic : john suchet -lrb- right -rrb- is in mourning after losing his wife bonnie following her decade-long battle with dementia. their relationship , he once said , was ` made in heaven '. yesterday john suchet was in mourning after losing his wife bonnie following her decade-long battle with dementia. a death notice in a national newspaper read : ` bonnie died peacefully on april 15 2015 aged 73. ' the broadcaster declined to comment , stating it was a ` private family matter ' , but fans took to social networking site twitter to offer their condolences. classic fm presenter suchet , now 71 , has spoken openly about his wife 's diagnosis and the toll it took on their relationship , writing a book and becoming honorary president of the dementia uk charity.
with her sophisticated sense of style and age-defying good looks , dame helen mirren has never looked better. but the oscar-winning actress , who has won countless accolades for her talents , believes she was in her prime age-wise in the ` unfortunate ' 1970s , which , she says , was a ` horrible ' time for women. ' scroll down for video. dame helen mirren , pictured last week at the premiere of her new film said she was in her prime age-wise in the ` unfortunate ' 1970s , which , she says , was a ` horrible ' time for women.
baltimore investigators handed their files on freddie gray 's death over to prosecutors thursday , but the public should n't expect much. it 's largely a procedural step , and given the overtures from baltimore officials , the state 's attorney 's decision on whether to file charges against the six officers involved in the arrest will not be immediate. no reports will be made public , police commissioner anthony batts said , echoing an assertion he made last week that even after the prosecutors receive the files , the task force assigned to gray 's death will continue investigating. the gray family 's legal team had no expectations otherwise.
dion dublin made his presenting debut on monday morning as the former footballer co-hosted bbc television show homes under the hammer. the former aston villa frontman joined regular hosts martin roberts and lucy alexander for the popular property renovation series as he looked to help a brother and sister-in-law put some life into a three bedroom semi-detached house in dartford. dion dublin made his home under the hammer debut as a co-host on monday morning. the former footballer seemed to be in his element as he discusses property renovation. homes under the hammer airs weekdays on bbc1 at 10am. hosts lucy , martin and dion follow house buyers from the auction room , through the troublesome process of renovating the houses they have bought.
atletico madrid and real madrid could n't be separated in the first leg of their champions league quarter-final showdown on tuesday. the two giants from the spanish capital played out a goalless draw , meaning all is left to play for in the second leg at the santiago bernabeu. here , sportsmail rates the players in the first leg of the champions league quarter-final at the vicente calderon. atletico madrid. jan oblak 9 - blocked everything in the first half as a wind-assisted real madrid looked like putting the tie beyond doubt in the first 45 minutes. atletico madrid goalkeeper jan oblak made a big save to deny gareth bale in the early minutes.
the oldest active pilot is a 95-year-old man living in cameron park , california. guinness world records has confirmed peter weber jr. 's feat , the sacramento bee reported. ' pilot : the oldest active pilot is a 95-year-old peter weber jr. , it 's been revealed -lrb- march 2015 photo -rrb-. ' he also still has his driver 's license -lrb- march 2015 file photo -rrb-. the record was confirmed after weber proved he piloted a plane march 30 in placerville by mailing in multiple pieces of evidence , according to the sacramento bee. the newspaper reported that weber 's flight experience goes back decades : he flew in both world war ii and the vietnam war , and also served as a korean war flight instructor.
obock , djibouti -lrb- cnn -rrb- amina ali qassim is sitting with her youngest grandchild on her lap , wiping away tears with her headscarf. only a few months old , this is the baby girl whose ears she desperately tried to cover the night the aerial bombardment started. bab al-mandab is one of the busiest waterways in the world , a thoroughfare for oil tankers and cargo ships. it 's now being crossed by desperate yemenis in rickety fishing boats seeking refuge from the conflict threatening to engulf their country. qassim 's son mohamed describes the families ' journey across this part of the red sea as `` a window into hell.
a mother of three has been jailed for a year after conning a d-day veteran out of nearly # 10,000 and leaving him too traumatised to leave his home. beverley davis was supposed to be helping to care for 89-year-old former royal marine ray warren but tricked him into handing over his bank cards to steal # 9,164 over 42 transactions. beverley davis , pictured , pleaded guilty of duping a royal marine war veteran out of almost # 10,000. the 35-year-old mother-of-three used ray warren 's bank cards to buy chinese takeaways , pay for creche fees and even clear some of her mortgage arrears after she gained his trust while working as a carer in his home.
a british marathon runner has become the first blind athlete to complete the ` toughest footrace on earth ' , which saw him run almost 160 miles across the sahara desert. dave heeley , 57 , from west bromwich , ran the gruelling challenge over six days as he battled through sand dunes , dried river beds and rocks. scroll down for video. dig in : dave heeley , pictured with his guide , is the first blind man to finish the marathon des sables. endurance : in the marathon , brave competitors run 156 miles in six days across the sahara desert.
when she appeared on the first australian series of big brother in 2001 , she was known as the ` lipgloss queen '. scroll down for video. jemma gawned , who appeared on the first season of the australian big brother in 2001 , now runs a wildly successful raw food empire called naked treaties. based in byron bay the naked treaties brand sells products out of its juice bar while supplying to hundreds of other stores. jemma gawned was one of the housemates on the first australian big brother in 2001 -lrb- above -rrb-. ms gawned had spent the previous ten years trying to get jemma cosmetics off the ground , but hit serious financial trouble and had to fold.
-lrb- the hollywood reporter -rrb- roseanne barr has revealed that she is slowly going blind. '' the comedic actress said smoking marijuana is `` good medicine '' for relieving the pressure in her eyes. tribeca 2015 : 9 must-see films. '' roger ailes : why fox news will never hire jon stewart. doctors have not given barr a definitive timeline on when she can expect to lose all visibility. the actress attended the tribeca film festival in support of her documentary `` roseanne for president ! '' directed by eric weinrib , the film follows barr in her unsuccessful attempt to become the green party 's 2012 presidential nominee.
robert downey jr has helped raise more than # 1million for a british hospice by raffling off a date with himself to his latest film premiere. the ironman actor promised to fly a winner and a friend to los angeles to join him on the red carpet for the world premiere of marvel 's avengers : age of ultron. scroll down for video. robert downey jr has helped raise more than # 1million for british hospice julia 's house. dorset-based charity will now use the money to build a new hospice in wiltshire. it raised # 1,388,863 for the dorset-based charity , which will now use the money to build a new hospice in wiltshire.
having won last year 's race on pineau de re , 38-year-old leighton aspell , who once walked away from the sport for 18 months after becoming disillusioned , became the first rider since bryan marshall , who won on royal tan and early mist in 1953 and 1954 , to land the biggest jumps race of the year in successive years on different horses. how grateful he is now that that spell away recharged his batteries. the man who owns both blackpool tower and preston north end has also won the race with hedgehunter in 2005 and ballabriggs in 2011.
' scroll down for video. gigi hadid has credited her best friend kendall jenner , right , for helping her deal with social media haters. and it 's not only kendall , 19 , who gigi has taken social media tips from as she believes former victoria 's secret model karlie kloss is comfortable with her social media persona. ' while kendall jenner is taking the fashion world by the storm , she has her fair share of haters. the fledgling model 's meteoric rise as a professional runway model reportedly sparked the ire and resentment of some of her colleagues , according to a report.
national front leader marine le pen and her father jean-marie after she accused him of committing ` political suicide. ' ms le pen has blocked her father 's return to the party following accusations that he was trying to sabotage her party 's efforts to move into the. tensions had escalated last week after the 86-year-old founder of the far-right party defended his previous comments describing nazi gas chambers as a ` detail of history '. scroll down for video. marine le pen -lrb- left -rrb- has accused her father -lrb- right -rrb- of trying to sabotage her party 's efforts to move into the political mainstream with a raft of controversial comments.
a nine-year-old girl was attacked by a lion that was being walked like a dog by circus entertainers who had brought their show to a quiet siberian village. the girl is in hospital after she was savaged by the animal in namtsy , in the sakha republic in siberia - one of the coldest regions in the world. photographs show the lion being walked around by a worker for a circus that had been visiting the village. a lion that appeared to be being walked like a dog around the siberian village of namtsy attacked a child. in another she is shown walking the animal and appears to be attempting to drag it across a wet and icy road using a makeshift leash.
but while the scene looks idyllic , it is tinged with sadness , as joel wilkinson has a muscle wasting disease meaning he will eventually be left in a wheelchair and his life will be cut short. the three-year-old , from hull , was diagnosed with duchenne muscular dystrophy just six months ago after his parents , emma , 33 , and chris , 36 , noticed he was struggling to develop and learn to walk. they were left devastated when tests confirmed their son had the incurable condition and that is likely only to live to the age of 20.
the florida man who piloted. week said he fully expected to be intercepted. before landing on the west lawn of the us capitol. douglas mark hughes , 61 , created a security scare when he violated national airspace and has prompted a full-scale security review in washington. described his flight upon arriving home in ruskin , florida ,. scroll down for video. doug hughes , 61 , spoke from his home in ruskin , florida , afre he arrived for house arrest before his court date. doug hughes putting address labels on half of the 535 letters to congress he tried delivering earlier this month.
the family of an illinois man slain during a botched robbery say they fear for their lives after the killer escaped from jail earlier week after beating a guard unconscious and stealing his uniform and suv. as the manhunt continues , nelson williams sr. of kankakee , says he is worried that 23-year-old kamron taylor , the man convicted of his son nelson jr 's murder , might attack him. in a courthouse outburst in february , taylor threatened the family minutes after hearing the guilty verdict. ' scroll down for video. in fear for his life : nelson williams sr -lrb- left -rrb- , the father of a murder victim , says he is scared his son 's convicted killer , kamron t. taylor -lrb- right -rrb- will go after him after his daring prison break.
dead fish have continued to wash up on the banks of a rio de janeiro lake that is scheduled to hold olympic rowing competitions during the 2016 games. fish die-offs are a frequent occurrence in rio 's waterways , which are choked with raw sewage and rubbish. the latest incident , affecting thousands of small silvery fish called twaite shad , began several days ago at the rodrigo de freitas lake , where the olympic canoeing and rowing events are to be held. the rodrigo de freitas lagoon will hold the brazil 2016 olympics rowing and canoe competitions. with neighbors complaining about the stench , employees of the city 's waste management company have been working to clear away the dead fish.
fit or quit ? smartphone health apps have been accused of ` fuelling anxiety ' they 're designed to make it easier for you to get healthy. but in fact mobile health apps are ` fuelling anxiety ' and ` eroding people 's sense of wellbeing ' , warns a senior gp. the ` untested and unscientific ' apps cause stress by making us worry that we are abnormal or unhealthy , says dr des spence. popular apps include myfitnesspal and apple 's health app , which is automatically installed on the latest apple smartphones. ` the truth is that these apps and devices are untested and unscientific , and they will open the door of uncertainty ' , the glasgow gp wrote in the british medical journal.
floyd mayweather vs manny pacquiao tickets are the hottest property in town. only 500 were on general sale with the rest distributed by the fighters , promoters , television networks showtime and hbo and the mgm grand. then we thought it was going to be announced during the nba all-star game. ade adebayo -lrb- second right -rrb- and friends at gatwick before jetting off to las vegas. ade and his friends booked their trip to las vegas back in december in anticipation for the big fight. the email confirmation that showed ade had bought a ticket for the biggest fight. we thought the whole thing was being orchestrated to make the most amount of money possible.
a 51-year-old mother fought off an intruder after finding him standing over her young daughter. fiona , 51 , said she knew the assailant had ` picked the wrong lady ' as she became overwhelmed with maternal instincts and pushed him from her perth home on thursday night. scroll down for video. 51-year-old fiona fought off an intruder after finding him standing over her young daughter on thursday night. she said seeing her child in danger gave her a boost of courage. as she was trying to push the unidentified assailant out the door fiona fell and bashed her face on the doorway.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- as the great kate wait of 2015 drags on , giving a whole new meaning to kate 's somewhat unfair noughties nickname , `` waity katie , '' bets on the arrival of a new baby a girl continue to be placed at a feverish rate. based on the so called `` kate effect '' and subsequent `` george effect , '' the great british high street is no doubt salivating at the prospect of record sales should hrh princess -lrb- fill in the blank -rrb- of cambridge be spotted in one of their outfits. as one headline blared this week , `` baby girl could be worth $ 1.5 billion to the country.
here katie rowe explores just some of them. east lancashire railway 's award-winning 1940s weekend is a highlight in many a vintage enthusiast 's calendar. pull on your glad rags and be transported back to wartime britain over the late may bank holiday weekend. east lancashire railway 's award-winning 1940s weekend is a highlight in many a vintage enthusiast 's calendar , and this year 's event is expected to be the best yet with more activities than ever. wander on the isle of wight. there 's no better way to discover the isle of wight 's many beauty spots than walking -- and the island 's walking festival offers the ideal chance to pull on your boots and go exploring.
but for the residents of kawasaki , who lug erotic shapes of all different sizes , this odd tradition is not a joke. participants carry a gigantic phallus through the streets of kawasaki , japan during the shinto kanamara matsuri festival. the sight of three large phalluses being paraded through neighbourhoods in the city south of tokyo draws giggles from tourists. shinto kanamara matsuri , the festival of the steel phallus , started as a small tradition but has grown into a popular a tourist attraction. known as the festival of the steel phallus , it is held every spring at the phallus-shaped kanayama shrine.
a teenager set herself on fire after allegedly being raped by five men from her village in india -- and her family reportedly told her to keep quiet about the attack. the 14-year-old is now fighting for her life in delhi 's safdarjung hospital with 70 per cent burns. she was allegedly gang-raped on sunday when she went outside her house in kosi kalan , in uttar pradesh 's mathura district , to relieve herself. scroll down for video. a teenager set herself on fire after allegedly being raped by five men from her village in india. she was allegedly gang-raped on sunday when she went outside her house in kosi kalan , in uttar pradesh 's mathura district , to relieve herself -lrb- file image -rrb-.
ap mccoy claimed victory in the aintree hurdles as he rode jezki -lrb- right -rrb- to victory after ruby walsh , riding arctic fire -lrb- left , downed -rrb- , fell at the final hurdle at this year 's grand national festival on thursday afternoon. mccoy was eventually was able to coast to the finish with a wide margin of victory after the fall. jezki has been a model of consistency this winter and the retiring champion feels the gelding deserved this moment in the sun , as he beat rock on ruby by 13 lengths. ` my horse is bred to stay and he won over two-and-a-half miles at fairyhouse.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- anthony ray hinton is thankful to be free after nearly 30 years on alabama 's death row for murders he says he did n't commit. hinton , 58 , looked up , took in the sunshine and thanked god and his lawyers friday morning outside the county jail in birmingham , minutes after taking his first steps as a free man since 1985. he spoke of unjustly losing three decades of his life , under fear of execution , for something he did n't do. `` all they had to do was to test the gun , but when you think you 're high and mighty and you 're above the law , you do n't have to answer to nobody , '' hinton told reporters.
nurses forced to work 12-hour shifts amid staff shortages are treated like ` slave labour ' , a union has claimed. with a growing demand for nurses to work long hours , unison has called for more research into the effects of workers ' health. at the union 's healthcare conference in liverpool this week , one member highlighted how staff at a hospital in staffordshire are expected to work six long days a week , totalling up to 78 hours a week. ' nurses working 12-hour shifts amid staffing shortages in the nhs are treated like ` slave labour ' , one unison member has warned , as she called for more research into how longer working hours affect staff health.
a wife has told how she has put her husband on a lifelong sex ban and tracks his every move , after discovering he had cheated on her after taking a lie detector test. despite his infidelity , haley and kev mulholland still share a house in bristol , though mr mulholland has to sleep on the living room sofa. haley mulholland became suspicious husband kevin was having an affair after reading his facebook page. mrs mulholland monitors her husband 's movements , checks his phone and even sniffs him to see if she can smell another woman 's perfume. kevin and haley , who have been together for 15 years , are pictured on their wedding day.
amazon has pulled a controversial computer game where players are encouraged to feed a cartoon character battling anorexia. it was marketed by smarttouch media and sold on the amazon and android platforms until it was withdrawn following a string of angry complaints. rescue the anorexia girl was available to download on amazon until they removed it following complaints. if the player misses the girl , she starts to lose weight until she eventually dies. when you have anorexia , the desire to lose weight becomes more important than anything else. kelly bradley said : ` you do n't throw air at someone with cystic fibrosis , so do n't throw food at someone with anorexia.
a vietnam war veteran in utah has said he 's surprised over the reason for the denial of his request for a personalized license plate commemorating the year he was wounded and awarded a purple heart. arnold breitenbach of st. george wanted to get ` cib-69 ' put on a license plate , the spectrum newspaper of st. george reported. the utah dmv denied his request , citing state regulations prohibiting the use of the number 69 because of its sexual connotations. breitenbach had been an armored personnel carrier 's gunner during his time in the army. he was inside the carrier 's gun turret as rocket-propelled grenades stuck and was left wounded , suffering temporary blindness.
across the globe , more than 42 million children under the age of five are overweight or obese. and the rising tide of obesity extends into adulthood with 1.9 billion adults worldwide overweight , 600 million of which are classified as obese. should fast food and sugary drink companies be allowed to advertise their junk food to children ? should tv ads promoting unhealthy food and drink be banned until the watershed , or wiped out altogether to save adults ' waistlines too ? a recent survey by the british heart foundation showed two fifths of parents are badgered by their children each week to buy food after seeing it advertised on tv , prompting the charity to deliver a 30,000 strong petition asking the government to ban junk food adverts being shown before the 9pm watershed.
so when alfie the yorkshire terrier was dumped by thieves 120 miles from his home , he found a novel way to bring about a snappy rescue. reunited : alfie the yorkshire terrier -lrb- with owner kirsty mitton , right -rrb- - who travelled from wednesbury , west midlands , to buckinghamshire to pick him up after he was rescued the rspca inspector stephanie law -lrb- left -rrb-. safe now : the seven-year-old dog ran out of the woods in front of the inspector 's van and started barking. the near-miss , plus a lot of barking , made rspca inspector stephanie law pull over.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- this is a difficult but necessary thing to say : incidents of police-involved killings and assaults on unarmed african-americans are unlikely to end soon. the peaceful protests that were followed by outbreaks of violence in baltimore this week have underscored the danger of ignoring the crisis -- as frustration and impatience with the status quo boils over. the violent response of police officers to unarmed african-americans is a decades-long phenomenon that has too often been dismissed as `` race card '' politics and black grievance. but this year 's spate of killings and assaults , from ferguson , missouri , to north charleston , south carolina , to most recently baltimore , are part of a deadly continuum of conduct that has created a well of resentment and anger in the african-american community.
but the tiger woods who has turned up to augusta national this year is different. but dancing ? yes , tiger woods dancing. scroll down for video of tiger woods dancing while practising. tiger woods was spotted dancing while he practised on monday at augusta national. the former world no 1 had headphones in both ears as he listened to music while honing his game. a video has emerged of the former world no 1 , with headphones in each ear , bopping away while he honed his wedge game on the practice ground on monday. no prizes for the first person to ask : ` was he listening to tiger feet ? ' augusta 's patrons were treated to another glimpse of the new , cuddly tiger on wednesday morning as he enjoyed another manly hug with veteran spaniard miguel angel jimenez.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- they took yarmouk by storm , a sea of masked men flooding into the streets of one the world 's most beleaguered places. besieged and bombed by syrian forces for more than two years , the desperate residents of this palestinian refugee camp near damascus awoke in early april to a new , even more terrifying reality -- isis militants seizing yarmouk after defeating several militia groups operating in the area. the islamic state is now in control of almost all the camp. '' an estimated 18,000 refugees are now trapped inside yarmouk , stuck between isis and syrian regime forces in `` the deepest circle of hell , '' in the words of u.n. secretary-general ban ki-moon.
a wall street banker raped an irish student in a ` disgusting , violent attack ' because he was determined to have sex on his birthday , a court heard on wednesday. lee tried to downplay the incident and said it was ` no big deal ' and dismissively told the first police officer on the scene : ` we 're good , you can go ' , the court heard. lee walked hand in hand with his wife alicia into new york suffolk county court on wednesday. former goldman sachs managing director jason lee , 38 , faces charges of allegedly raping a 20-year-old irish woman in the hamptons in august 2013.
either prices are inflated or you 're picking up problem players other clubs do n't want. big-money buys have struggled to impact , while loan signings , too , have not had the desired effect. here , sportsmail looks at five winter-window arrivals who have disappointed for their new employers ... juan cuardrado arrived at chelsea for # 23m from fiorentina but has failed to impress at stamford bridge. juan cuadrado -lrb- chelsea -rrb-. for a fee in the region of # 23m and arriving from fiorentina with a reputation bloated by his impressive performance for colombia at last summer 's world cup , cuadrado was expected to help fire chelsea towards the premier league and champions league crowns.
four-month-old baby evan summerfield , who died from meningitis , just hours after laughing for the very first time. a family have been left devastated after their four-month-old baby died from meningitis just 12 hours after laughing for the very first time. evan summerfield from devon had just learned how to giggle and take his dummy out by himself but just hours later he was fighting for his life. the youngster had woken from a nap with a rash stretching from his head to his belly-button. he was rushed to derriford hospital in plymouth but despite doctors and nurses battling to save him , evan was diagnosed with meningoccal septicaemia and died soon after.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- whether a patient is in the hospital for an organ transplant , an appendectomy or to have a baby , one complaint is common : the gown. they are disempowering , '' said camilla mcrory of olney , md.. hospital gowns have gotten a face-lift after some help from fashion designers like these from patient style and the henry ford innovation institute. in 2010 , it introduced new gowns after being prompted by the ceo , who often heard patient complaints when he was a practicing heart surgeon. the prominent academic medical center ultimately sought the help of fashion icon diane von furstenberg , settling on a reversible gown with a front and back v-neck , complete derriere coverage , and features such as pockets , softer fabric and a new bolder print pattern.
from deep craters to basaltic plains , the varied surface of the moon has been revealed in stunning detail by the us geological survey. the two sets of maps , compiled by cartographer trent hare , include image mosaics and topographical views of the lunar landscape taken over a period of four years. the grey and white areas reveal higher peaks , while darker blues show deep craters. to the left of these craters , is oceanus procellarum , which is latin for ` ocean of storms '. darker blue show deep craters , while the grey and white areas reveal areas of elevation.
an ohio woman has spoken out in a reddit q&a about why she and her catholic husband made the painful decision to have a legal abortion at 23 weeks. when the couple learned that their unborn daughter had a chromosomal defect ` incompatible with life outside the womb ' , they decided that terminating the pregnancy was the best course of action. ' i am pro-choice because i am pro-life , ' the woman , who has chosen to remain anonymous , said. ' sad decision : after an amniocentesis , the ohio woman found out that her unborn daughter found out that her daughter would n't survive outside the womb , and she chose to get an abortion.
a married couple who thought they would never be able to have children are celebrating after welcoming triplets - born three years apart thanks to ivf. denise and glen higgs , from braunton , devon , had all but lost hope that they would ever be able to conceive after glen was made infertile due to cancer treatment. but using his frozen sperm , doctors successfully created eight embryos through ivf fertility treatment and the couple had a daughter mazy , born three years ago. the couple tried again using the same batch and denise gave birth to twins carter and carson last week.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- tuesday is equal pay day , the fictitious holiday marked by progressive women 's groups as the point in the year women would have to work to make up for `` lost '' wages as a result of the so-called wage gap. clinton 's election will no doubt center on women voters , and the democratic women 's agenda centers on pay equity and fairness in the workplace. here 's the thing : that 77-cent wage gap statistic is grossly overstated. it 's a comparison of averages -- comparing full-time working women with full-time working men -- that does n't control for any of the important factors that go into determining one 's salary such as education , profession , title , time spent in the workforce and time spent in the office each day , to name a few.
this is the moment police in texas turn ranchers as they determinedly try to herd a stray buffalo. dashcam footage shows the officers using their patrol vehicles to steer the one ton bison off the road and back to his farm near the city of round rock. his owner , 79-year-old joe don kotrla-chipps , told fox news that big boy has got into bad habits recently and has taken to jumping over his fence. apparently big boy made it past electric fence and a barbed wire barrier to escape his pen last friday morning around 7am. police say they gave his owner a citation for violating the ` open range act ' with inadequate fencing.
there ca n't always be a tv camera rolling when the big news happens - and saturday night live has taken network news to task for how they paper over the cracks. the nbc sketch show parodied the daytime cnn newsroom , which turned into a series of let-downs when it emerged there was no footage for the stories they were covering. scroll down for video. cutting edge : snl writers joked that cnn 's animations look like they belong in 1985. above was ` their impression ' of what the doomed pilot of the crashed germanwings jet may have looked like trying to get into the cockpit.
but , as their latest campaign proves , when you 're a victoria 's secret angel , it 's a far more glamorous affair. candice swanepoel , elsa hosk and jasmine tookes , three of the brand 's most celebrated postergirls , don see-through macs , glossy blow-dries and push-up bras in the lingerie giant 's new campaign. elsa hosk , candice swanepoel and jasmine tookes are the stars of victoria 's secret 's latest lingerie campaign to promote the brand 's dream angels range. candice leads the glamour by guiding her fellow supermodels through an energetic routine , all whilst showing off the brand 's new dream angels range of underwear.
and fans could have the chance to experience katniss ' life as soon as next year , with the attraction expected to open in october 2016. but those looking to wield their bows and act as tribute will have to travel to dubai for the chance to emulate the mockingjay. hopefully the dubai theme park will have safety measures in place for guests - unlike katniss ' experience in the arena in hunger games. the four million square foot motiongate dubai is set to attract over three million tourists annually , who will be immersed in a cinematic journey through their favourite movies via 27 different latest-in-technology rides and attractions.
miami -lrb- cnn -rrb- inside a plane at miami international airport , baggage handlers are going on a shopping spree with passengers ' bags. the miami-dade police department set up the camera as part of an ongoing police investigation into luggage thefts by the very airport workers who are supposed to get bags safely onto planes. `` it 's a problem we all face , '' said police lt. pete estis. '' miami aviation director emilio t. gonzález said the insider theft cases `` are indeed the exception among the thousands of decent , hardworking employees at mia , and they have been prosecuted to the fullest extent of the law for their crimes.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- living under isis. and giving some lip -- like kylie jenner. these are the best videos of the week. in the west , isis is widely known for its terrorist actions. but for some communities , the group is the local governing authority , picking up garbage and directing traffic. cnn 's atika shubert explains how isis functions as a state. the use of marijuana has long been a source of controversy , but on movies and tv shows , it 's also long been a source of humor. cnn 's lisa france has a blunt look at the herb in pop culture.
the apple watch version one , with its much-hyped unbreakable sapphire screen and hundreds of apps , may not be all that it 's cracked up to be and has been labelled ' a waste of money ' by some of australia 's tech experts. with the wait almost over , release date for the whiz-bang time-piece is set down for april 24 , the price comparison website finder.com.au suggests , if you have n't already pre-ordered , you might be better off waiting until next year for the second generation apple watch. ` while the first generation apple watch is a very exciting piece of wearable technology , there are clearly many key features missing from the watch.
for a self-professed champion of women 's rights , espn sports reporter britt mchenry has a funny way of showing it. the 28-year-old has been suspended from the network for a week after being caught on camera telling a parking lot attendant she should ` lose some weight , baby girl ' , adding ` i 'm on television and you 're in a f -- ing trailer , honey '. but according to her blog , the former model is dedicated to helping women feel ` comfortable in their own skin '. women 's rights champion ? britt mchenry encourages her blog readers to ` be the woman with a voice , not the sex-ed up body without one '.
first blood to united after their under 18s saw off city 1-0 in the ` mini-derby '. for a start , no less than 13 out of the 22 players on show at kick-off were english. of those , 10 were mancunian. callum gribbin was the matchwinner for manchester united with a delightful free-kick. ticket prices ? entry was free and close to 1,000 gathered on the seats and terraces of moss lane for a match that kicked off at 3pm on saturday with half-and-half scarves nowhere to be seen. altrincham 's compact 6,000-capacity home may not be old trafford , but it does have a proud history of its own.
her mom moves on the dance floor have been well-documented over the years , thanks to her lets move ! program. but on thursday night , to celebrate the fifth anniversary of her fight against childhood obesity , michelle obama once again busted some moves , this time on the tonight show starring jimmy fallon. in a segment called the evolution of mom dancing part 2 , the pair partnered up once again to show off some self-made maneuvers to a cover of i like the way you move. lets disco : michelle obama strutted her stuff on the tonight show starring jimmy fallon on thursday night , in a follow-up routine to one they first did in 2013.
as the worst weather in five years continues to whip nsw , some savvy social media users have taken to snapchat to share their rainy day adventures. snapchat 's sydney story - a compilation of videos people in the area have posted in the last day - also shows the soaking conditions endured by the cronulla sharks and south sydney rabbitohs. scroll down for video. wild weather : social media users have taken to snapchat to share their rainy day adventures , like this man windsurfing on his skateboard. during their clash on monday night the field was drenched in water with players struggling to hold onto the ball let alone stay on their feet.
the disgraced espn sports reporter has been suspended for a week since footage emerged showing her unleash a vicious verbal attack on a single mother-of-three at a towing firm. her car had been towed from the parking lot of a chinese restaurant in virginia , where she left it overnight on easter weekend. but despite viewers ' calls for harsher punishment , the network has reinstated the 28-year-old to her role with a spot on sportscenter this weekend. ' scroll down for video. she 's back ! britt mchenry -lrb- left -rrb- has been reinstated as an espn sports reporter after being filmed attacking tow clerk gina michelle -lrb- right -rrb- for her looks and social status in a video the sparked mass outrage.
four men have been moved out of intensive care after suspected drug overdoses during a party cruise on sydney harbour , possibly due to a dangerous strain of ecstasy pills known as ` blue scissors '. the men - two 21-year-olds and a 25 and 22-year-old - collapsed on the vessel on good friday , forcing it to dock near the opera house. they were rushed to st vincent 's hospital. police said heir condition was critical overnight but they are now stable. four men are believed to have suffered from drug overdoses during a party cruise on sydney harbour , possibly due to a dangerous strain of ecstasy pills known as ` blue scissors ' one man is suspected of taking up to four ecstasy pills in one hit , including blue ones with scissor stamps on them , a friend told police.
a pit crew member was hit by a car on sunday during the inaugural indycar grand prix of louisiana. todd phillips , a front-outside tire changer for dayle coyne racing , was injuried when he was struck by the car of francesco dracone , who had come in on lap 25 for tires and fuel. tire changer todd phillips , a front-outside tire changer for dayle coyne racing , was injuried when he was struck by the car of francesco dracone , who had come in on lap 25 for tires and fuel. phillips was taken to the infield care center for treatment where he has received stitches for a cut on his leg and has been released.
a long island mother and daughter who went missing last month have been found safe and well in new york city 's upper west side neighborhood. iona costello , 51 , and daughter emily were recognized by the front desk manager of the hotel they were staying at on sunday , it was reported. they were found at 3am by nypd officers and are in good health , officials said. police said they now consider the case to be closed. scroll down for video. iona costello 's husband george , the co-owner of costello marine in greenport , died from a heart attack in 2012.
women typically take and delete five pictures before settling on a selfie they feel comfortable posting online , a survey found. the new survey found women typically take and delete five pictures before they decide they like a selfie. ukip leader nigel farage poses with some young voters while out canvasing in broadstairs. the survey , carried out by onepoll , found men are also guilty of taking multiple selfies before they post one they like. two in three women -lrb- 64 per cent -rrb- feel anxious just having their photo taken , while looking at snaps on social media made 41 per cent feel bad about themselves , according to a survey of 5,000 people by market researchers onepoll.
although she was adopted from india along with two of her siblings , it never occurred to her that she should explore her origins in india , where she was born before being adopted and starting a new life in the lucky country as an eight month old baby. but that all changed when she watched the movie slumdog millionaire and realised how profoundly different her life would have been if her new parents did n't take her in their arms and change her life forever. scroll down for video. on her first visit to india she visited the orphanage before she was adopted and was shown the only record of her time there as a baby - latika was very moved by the entry log with two photos of her as a baby.
but now a team of researchers has devised a new jogging buddy - a drone that flies with you to keep you company. and they claim robotic companions could be used for a variety of other physical activities such as cycling , cross-country skiing and rowing. scroll down for video. australian researchers have tested their drone running companion. called joggobot -lrb- shown -rrb- it is designed to float in front of jogger when they run. the technology could allow it to track the speed and direction of the runner. the research , by the royal melbourne institute of technology in australia , reported popular science , was presented at the computer-human interaction conference in seoul.
for more than 2,000 years , invaders have been fighting over glorious kefalonia. romans , the kingdom of naples , the venetian republic , the ottoman empire , the french , british and , during the second world war , the italians and germans have all left their mark. so instead of fast-food restaurants you will find charming family-run tavernas that make this island a foodie heaven. great forests of pines , cypress and cedars still sweep down the steep hillsides , often ending in cliffs of chalk as white as those at dover , or in fine shingle and sand beaches , fringing a sea whose warm , sun-reflecting waters are of startling clarity.
a merry widow from edinburgh who loves to party the night away dancing on tables admits her lifestyle is a far cry from her own grandparents. pat , 69 , pictured left in her police woman fancy dress outfit , enjoys pole dancing with friend julia , 67 , right. ' grandmother-of-three pat lost her husband 12 years ago to prostate cancer after dutifully caring for him during the last nine years of his life following his diagnosis. i do n't want to look after someone full-time again , i want to look after me now. ' pat in another of her risque outfits gets to grips with an elvis impersonator in menorca.
` why should these lazy professors hang out getting fat on money while kids are going broke graduating ? ` it 's dumb , it 's stupid , and it has to be broken. ' welch warned that this increase in middle management is driving up the cost of higher education , which is now failing to give students value for the amount of money they are forced to shell out. we will remove faculty if the students call for it. ' jack welch -lrb- right -rrb- and his wife , business journalist and author suzy welch -lrb- center -rrb- , were speaking with dilymail.com ceo jon steinberg at an answers to correspondents event at the new york 's core club.
green party leader natalie bennett has been forced to distance herself from a bizarre online site run by her boyfriend. jim jepps used a blog called the daily maybe to defend ` rape fantasies ' , describe paedophiles as ` complex human beings ' and question why teachers who have relationships with pupils are put on the sex offenders register. scroll down for video. green party leader natalie bennett has distanced herself from the bizarre blog posts of her boyfriend jim jepps , insisting he is a ` private individual not involved in party politics ' ms bennett 's profile has soared in recent months , buoyed by rising poll ratings and green party membership in england passing 60,000 for the first time.
i see usain bolt on the circuit and he 's always good fun. ` this is for the 200m runners -- the 100m was a few days ago. adam gemili says usain bolt is a joker on the circuit and gives him great advice. the young british athlete says he is nowhere near bolt 's standard at the moment but it could be his time soon. i always give a big smile before races because you never get bored of that feeling ; people cheering for you and making you feel like ` wow ' all this training you 've done in the winter and throwing up on the track , all the hard slog is worth it.
northampton will await expert opinion before deciding when george north will next play after confirming the wales wing will miss saturday 's european champions cup quarter-final at clermont auvergne after his latest head injury. north has been knocked unconscious three times in recent months , including in last friday 's 52-30 win over wasps , and was on wednesday being assessed by a neurologist. ` we wo n't play him at the weekend , ' saints director of rugby jim mallinder said. george north lies motionless on the franklin 's gardens turf after being knocked out against wasps. he did get knocked unconscious for a very short period of time.
realtors in indianapolis are looking to unload what 's likely the midwestern city 's gaudiest and most famous home -- a 26,000-square-foot castle built of ranch homes glued together by a former pimp turned construction king. scroll down for video. went big : realtors in indianapolis are looking to unload what 's likely the midwestern city 's gaudiest and most famous home -- a 26,000 square foot castle built of ranch homes glued together by a former pimp turned construction king. uncertain future : hostetler realized his vision , but after he died in 2006 the home became a spectacle when no longer attached to its creator.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- a high temperature of 63.5 degrees fahrenheit might sound like a pleasant day in early spring -- unless you 're in antarctica. the chilly continent recorded the temperature -lrb- 15.5 degrees celsius -rrb- on march 24 , possibly the highest ever recorded on antarctica , according to the weather underground. the temperature was recorded at argentina 's esperanza base on the northern tip of the antarctica peninsula , according to cnn affiliate wtnh. -lrb- note to map lovers : the argentine base is not geographically part of the south american continent. the world meteorological organization , a specialized united nations agency , is in the process of setting up an international ad-hoc committee of about 10 blue-ribbon climatologists and meteorologists to begin collecting relevant evidence , said randy cerveny , the agency 's lead rapporteur of weather and climate extremes and arizona state university professor of geographical sciences.
a prank video featuring a young girls dressed up as a vampire scaring late-night wanderers in a park in southern ukraine is spreading on social media. the video , filmed in moon park , odessa , sees film-makers hide in the bushes while the ` vampire girl ' preys on unsuspecting passers-by. the young girl dressed in a white , bloodstained nightgown , waits until concerned locals walk up towards her before screaming , causing them to run off in terror. pranked : the video sees a ` vampire girl ' prey on unsuspecting late-night walkers in odessa , ukraine. ' scary success : the video showing the ` vampire prank ' has gone viral on social media.
cate mcgregor was surprised when she was unconditionally backed by the cricket community and the australian army. but it was tony abbott 's response to her transformation from man to woman that knocked her for six. it took less than an hour for the federal liberal leader to call ms mcgregor after she forwarded the chapter of her book that outed her. ms mcgregor recalled that very moment - during her address to the national press club on wednesday - when the prime minister told her ` it was okay '. however the senior military official did not express the same kind of appraisal when it came to mr abbott 's stance on same-sex marriage , saying she is ` sad ' that he is not a supporter of it.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- it was a busy week for trending stories. after the new york area received a large amount of rain , four rainbows appeared to stretch across the early morning sky on tuesday. amanda curtis , ceo of a fashion company , snapped the lucky shot. in rural china , hiring exotic dancers to perform at wakes is an increasingly common practice. families will have to find a new way to cheer up mourners , because the strippers are the latest focus of the country 's crackdown on vice. rdj grew increasingly agitated as a channel 4 interviewer from the uk asked about his private life on tuesday.
according to the video maker , who returns home with the other people in the clip to find the infestation , the birds came in through the chimney. the video maker stated that he initially thought the intruders were bats but now believes them to be sparrows. capturing them on camera as they fly around the room , the man remains very calm while narrating on the carnage before him -- birds crashing into the walls and flying overhead. despite the infestation of birds in their front room , the family remain very calm throughout the video. according to the video maker the birds managed to invade the house through the chimney.
eden hazard has been the best player in the premier league all season and on saturday he demonstrated just how much he has grown as a player and how important he has been to chelsea 's imminent title victory. he did it last week at queens park rangers , winning the ball from the goalkeeper 's kick and driving into the box to set up cesc fabregas , and he did it on saturday with his finish. you wondered when jose mourinho came in whether hazard would be the kind of player who would work hard enough for him. and he would have taken the hint when he saw juan mata moved out that there would be no special favours from the manager for his creative players.
internationally renowned design duo becky cooper and bridget yorston - aka bec and bridge - unveiled their highly anticipated new swimwear line on the catwalk at mercedes-benz fashion week australia on monday. following a preview lunch on sunday , attendees at the carriageworks in sydney were treated to a parade of models in skimpy bikinis and one-piece suits. scroll down for video. jungle fever : a model wears a leopard-print bikini with gladiator sandals at bec and bridge show at mercedes-benz fashion week australia. gold glamazons : the bec and bridge models debuted metallic swimwear and bronzed glows at ss16 showing.
it was set as a maths problem , aimed at testing the logical reasoning skills of 14-year-olds in singapore. the problem , which tests logical reasoning , has been shared thousands of times online as people have tried to pose their best explanations of what at first appears to be an impossible question. a maths question set for 14-year-olds has left people across the world baffled as they try to solve the puzzle. the test was set for 14-year-olds in the singapore and asian schools math olympiad. the olympiad often features logical reasoning questions and are set to test top achievers.
lydia ko shot a 2-over 74 on saturday in the ana inspiration , her second straight over-par round after tying the lpga tour record for consecutive rounds under par at 29. a day after hitting into the water and bogeying the 18th for a 73 , ko made an 8-foot birdie putt on the par-5 hole to keep another long streak going. the 17-year-old new zealander has had at least one birdie in all 187 of her rounds in 49 career events on the tour. ko looks for her ball in the water on the 18th hole during round two of the ana inspiration.
marks & spencer is stocking the bouea macrophylla -- or mango plum -- after years of work with specialist growers in thailand. marks & spencer is stocking the bouea macrophylla -lrb- pictured -rrb- -- or mango plum -- after years of work with specialist growers in thailand. the fruit has a bright orange edible skin , which is firmer than a plum , and a sweet taste similar to an alphonso mango but with a softer texture. m&s fruit expert shazad rehman said : ` we know our customers like to try new and interesting fruit and we 're sure this will be something they will really enjoy.
house leaders have reached a bipartisan compromise on a bill that would end the national security agency 's controversial collection of american phone records , but the measure faces an uncertain future in the senate. the house judiciary committee on thursday overwhelmingly passed the latest version of a bill known as the usa freedom act by a bipartisan vote of 25 to 2. the measure seeks to codify president barack obama 's proposal to end the nsa 's collection of domestic calling records. the authority to collect those records and other related surveillance provisions of the patriot act will expire june 1 unless congress passes a law reauthorizing it.
and if he wanted a further sign that the cards are falling in his favour , the last time he won the melling chase -- on alberta 's run in 2010 -- he followed up the next day in the grand national on do n't push it. ap mccoy celebrates after winning the melling chase race at aintree on friday. mccoy rode don cossack to victory as he prepares for his final grand national on saturday. there may have been some fortune attached to jezki 's victory as favourite arctic fire fell at the last flight when poised to challenge. don cossack was mighty impressive in running away with the grade one betfred melling chase , prompting his trainer gordon elliot to talk of a challenge for the cheltenham gold cup next year.
but , the one included by the republican-dominated kansas legislature in a bill that gop gov. sam brownback planned to sign thursday appears to be the most exhaustive , according to state department for children and families officials. the taxpayer-funded temporary assistance for needy families program , currently provides cash payments of up to $ 497 per month for a family of four. to qualify that family must have an annual household income below $ 31,525 - before taxes - and assets valued at less than $ 2,000. cutting back : in this april 13 photo , kansas republican gov. sam brownback makes a point during an interview in his office in the statehouse in topeka , kansas.
we 're used to reading about construction projects springing up in china at lightning speed -- but things do n't always go according to plan. these are the ` nail ' houses in china left standing after their owners refused to give in to property developers vying for their demolition. homes such as these in china are known as ` dingzihu ' or ` nail houses ' because they stick out and are difficult to remove , like a stubborn nail. scroll down for video. a nail house , the last building in the area , sits in the middle of a road under construction in nanning , guangxi zhuang autonomous region.
a senior high school teacher from anshun city has been dubbed the ` luckiest wife in china ' after her soldier husband cooked her enough food to last for a year before he returned to service. the woman , named only as ms zhao , lives in a house bursting with frozen dishes and snacks. treasure chest : ms zhao has enough food to last for a year prepared by her husband. all-you-can-eat : he also made about 1,000 dumplings before returning to his regiment in tibet. note of love : yin left his wife a note saying he hoped he would be home when she finishes the food and snacks.
maduro , a former bus driver , drove a bus to a rally wednesday where he was meeting with supporters. the president had the window open , the better to greet people attending the rally. in a video that has gone viral in venezuela , maduro is shown lowering his head when he is hit , just above the left ear. he then calmly picks up the mango and holds it up to the crowd. in venezuela 's extremely polarized political climate , maduro frequently talks about his belief that the opposition is conspiring to target him for assassination. `` my dream is to own a home before i die , '' she told el pitazo tv , adding that she had been very ill recently , that she suffers from diabetes and hypertension.
for residents of celoron , n.y. , the statue of hometown icon lucile ball is no laughing matter and has n't been for the past six years. in 2009 the town unveiled a statue of ball with a face so unlike the beloved comedian that locals have reacted with shock and horror. scroll down for video. ' ` lucille ball was not only an amazing comedienne , but she was a stunning beauty. take a look at the beautiful statues nick at nite created for ` bewitched ' and ` the honeymooners ' and bob newhart ... it needs to be something more like those.
vowing to cling on : liberal democrats leader nick clegg makes a speech during a general election campaign visit to sutton in south london yesterday. nick clegg yesterday vowed to cling on as liberal democrat leader even if the party is wiped out at the polls. friends of the deputy prime minister have previously indicated that he will quit as leader if the lib dems are reduced to fewer than 30 mps , while sources have also suggested he will go if the party is left out of power after the election. he told sky news : ` i 'm really optimistic about the prospects of liberal democrats.
and now that status update about jetting off on holiday is set to be even easier after virgin atlantic announced it would allow each passenger one facebook login for free so they can post an update from 35,000 ft. the #skyhighselfie is one of the unusual extras being offered on the airline 's dreamliner 787 routes , alongside mood lighting to help with jetlag , windows that can be darkened with a touch of a button and full length windows in the toilets. scroll down for video. all guests on the new virgin 787 dreamliner routes will be able to take a selfie and share it on facebook , with specially-selected cabin shots advised.
a 21-year-old man has been charged with second-degree murder after allegedly shooting dead his fiancée at their minnesota home on easter morning while holding their baby daughter in his arms. dimitri harrell reportedly pulled out his gun and pointed it at 19-year-old samirria white after they started arguing over his ` infidelity ' in the bedroom of their st paul apartment at around 3.40 am. carrying the couple 's three-month-old child , he then shot miss white in the face at close range , according to police. now , harrell , who later admitted to having stored his handgun under his daughter 's mattress , has been charged with one count of second-degree murder at ramsey county district court.
onlookers have described the horrifying moment they saw a surfer being mauled by a ` monster ' great white shark on south australia 's west coast. the man has been identified by the adelaide advertiser as chris blowes. the 26-year-old is currently fighting for his life in hospital. mr blowes was surfing about 350 metres offshore near right point on the south-western side of fishery bay in port lincoln national park , when he was attacked at 9.45 am on saturday. shocked witnesses recall seeing what they believed was a six-metre great white shark swimming away with the surfer 's leg and a surfboard in its jaw.
a couple who were told their severely disabled baby may die within hours of being born are celebrating her first birthday. when sonia morales was pregnant , her daughter angela was diagnosed with anencephaly , a birth defect in which babies are born without parts of their brain and skull. ' a couple who were told their severely disabled baby may die within hours of being born are celebrating her first birthday. pictured : sonia and her husband rony , with elizabeth , four , and angela , now one. elizabeth with her little sister. angela has anencephaly , a birth defect in which babies are born without parts of their brain and skull - many newborns with the condition die soon after birth.
all eyes were on her when she hosted the mtv movie awards earlier this month , and amy schumer could n't help but steal some of the spotlight from infamous media-hoggers kim kardashian and kanye west at the time 100 gala on tuesday. the three were just a few of the big names who turned out for the annual event held at jazz at lincoln center in new york city. such a spectacle : amy schumer pretended to trip and fall in front of kim kardashian and kanye west on tuesday as the couple took to the red carpet at the time 100 event at the lincoln center in nyc.
she was chained inside cleveland 's ` house of horrors ' for almost 10 years - the longest of the three women who were kidnapped , imprisoned and abused by ariel castro. but michelle knight , who appeared at the cleveland rape crisis center 's faces of change luncheon on wednesday , refuses to be considered a victim. ' scroll down for videos. no victim : michelle knight , seen here appearing at at the cleveland rape crisis center 's faces of change luncheon on wednesday , said her healing process has been ` to overcome and flourish and rise above ' standing ovation : knight received a rapturous applause as she came on stage to give a speech.
within ten minutes of tomorrow night 's episode , fans will see aidan turner 's dashing ross poldark gaze lovingly at his new baby daughter. scroll down for video. with the climax of the previous episode being the announcement of the pregnancy , it is quite a jump to the start of tomorrow 's instalment where demelza , played by eleanor tomlinson , talks about being eight months pregnant. just minutes after -- once again without any nod to the passing of time -- she is giving birth , with the last month of her pregnancy passing in less than the blink of an eye.
ethan czahor -lrb- pictured -rrb- has launched ` clear ' which removes any posts that might cause you problems with your current or future employer. a former aide to jeb bush who was fired for offensive tweets has developed an app that lets you scrub embarrassing messages from the social network. ethan czahor has launched ` clear ' which removes any posts that might cause you problems with your current or future employer. users can search for keywords such as ` gay ' , ` black ' or swear words and the program deletes any tweet that mentions them. in february , mr czahor was fired from his job as a chief technology officer for mr bush , the former florida governor and potential 2016 presidential candidate.
nothing will stop russia from hosting the best world cup in the tournament 's history in 2018 , fifa president sepp blatter said on a visit to one of the host venues sochi on monday. i am proud that russia is getting ready to host the world cup , ' blatter told the tass news agency from the southern russian city. ' a lot of this is happening thanks to president vladimir putin , but also due to the sports minister -lrb- vitaly -rrb- mutko and -lrb- alexei -rrb- sorokin -lrb- ceo of the local organising committee -rrb-. ' fifa boss sepp blatter -lrb- left -rrb- met russia president valdimir putin on a world cup visit on monday.
william shakespeare once wrote. try telling that to apparent cold-blooded manchester city stars yaya toure , sergio aguero , martin demichelis and eliaquim mangala , who chose to pull on their woolies for april 's blockbuster manchester derby in front of an unforgiving old trafford crowd ; unusually late for this time of year. admittedly temperatures in the north west on sunday afternoon were not exactly soaring - hitting between six and eight degrees celsius by the time of the 4pm kick off - but was it enough to wear gloves while competing as a top athlete for 90 minutes ? probably not.
everton 's steven pienaar has admitted he considered retirement as frustration took its toll during his injury-ravaged season. the influential 33-year-old midfielder pienaar has been dogged by groin and knee injuries this season limiting him to just 11 appearances. he returned to action from his latest setback in the 1-1 draw with swansea city earlier this month but muscle fatigue ruled him out of the win over burnley last weekend. everton midfielder steven pienaar is held back by swansea 's ki sung-yueng at the liberty stadium. ` when you are at home not coming in for training you feel very down but as soon as i walk through the door , there 's always the camaraderie in the group , there is always fun.
tim howard joined everton in the community 's medicash powered wheelchair football team for a training session at croxteth sports centre last week. the toffees goalkeeper met players from the team currently sitting third in the wfa national league in the championship division and was provided with his own wheelchair. tim howard joined everton in the community 's powered wheelchair football team for a training session. the everton goalkeeper was provided with his own wheelchair and joined in with some shooting practice. ' everton in the community disability manager steve johnson added , ` tim has been absolutely superb with us today and his skills in the chair were very impressive given that this was his first time.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- if that was a tornado , it was one monster of one. with tornadoes touching down near dallas on sunday , ryan shepard snapped a photo of a black cloud formation reaching down to the ground. it could have been one the national weather service warned about in a tweet as severe thunderstorms drenched the area , causing street flooding. `` to repeat -- tornadoes -lrb- yes , two -rrb- likely w and e of rio vista. the one to the e of rio vista is a large , damaging tornado , '' the nws tweeted. luckily , it tore through countryside , and there have been no reports of deaths.
shannen hussein may just have one of the largest collections of pets in australia , not that she really considers them animals. the 21-year-old lives who on a 30-acre farm in rockbank , 34 kilometres north-west of melbourne , has spent her life hand-raising animals of all shapes and sizes. but her pets are often captured behaving like humans , from her lamb winter who loves to jump on the bed to her bearded dragon who can understand the english language. the young woman said she has always taken photos and recorded videos of her 150 pets , but since a clip of winter bouncing down her hallway went viral last year she 's sharing these moments with more people than she ever imagined.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- looting , fires and violence descended on baltimore. the protests started in response to the death of freddie gray in police hands. but maybe rushing the investigation would compromise prosecution. -lrb- and forced testimony ca n't be used in prosecution ; police officers too have constitutional rights as criminal defendants. if there are criminally guilty cops , police have no problem with justice. but those who caused destruction on monday had little , if anything , to do with freddie gray protests. they were , as the mayor put it , thugs. those who cut fire hoses and burned down homes and businesses ? police deal with them every day , literally.
in a securities and exchange commission filing from friday , it was revealed that zaslav was compensated an unbelievable $ 156.1 million last year. this amount , thanks to the success of television events like shark week , shows like the once popular here comes honey boo boo and his running of networks like own , makes him one of the highest paid television executives. scroll down for video. david zaslav -lrb- above -rrb- was compensated $ 156.1 million for his role as ceo of discovery communications it was revealed on friday. discovery has also done well thanks to the success of television events like shark week.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- `` sell all that you own and distribute the money to the poor , and you will have treasure in heaven ; then come , follow me , '' jesus tells the rich man in one of his best-known parables. meanwhile , jesus told his twelve apostles to leave their day jobs and follow him on an itinerant mission with few prospects of success and no visible means of support. in the new testament , money gets 37 mentions , while `` gold '' gets 38 citations , `` silver '' merits 20 , and `` copper '' four.
triathlete charlotte roach , 26 , from london , who nearly died in a horror crash , gave up ordinary clothes for lent to raise money for the charity that saved her life. along with her business partner rosemary pringle , 28 , the pair vowed to sport only fancy dress costumes for 40 days to fundraise for london 's air ambulance. charlotte roach and her business partner rosemary pringle dressed up in different costumes for every day of lent to raise money for the air ambulance service which saved charlotte after she was involved in car accident in 2010. the two women rated buskers in london 's trafalgar square while dressed as simon cowell , rode the tube as baywatch lifeguards and even pitched to clients in their pyjamas.
police have dropped an investigation into a vicious assault on a huntsman just three months after it took place -- despite a wealth of evidence pointing to the identity of a suspected attacker. last night the victim , mike lane , 40 , who was beaten by balaclava-clad protesters armed with iron bars on ropes , condemned the decision by police as ` pathetic '. ' attack : mike lane ,40 , who is joint master of the tedworth hunt , on the ground during the confrontation with hunt saboteurs. a video of the incident and a dossier of evidence , including some names of saboteurs and their car registration numbers , was given to wiltshire police after the assault.
one direction star niall horan has led the tributes to bbc broadcaster colin bloomfield who has died from skin cancer , aged just 33. bloomfield , who worked at bbc radio derby for 10 years as a presenter , reporter and derby county commentator , died at a hospice near his hometown of shrewsbury yesterday morning. and derby county supporter niall horan , who is one quarter of boyband one direction , has also described bloomfield as a ` super great guy and great commentator '. hugely popular bbc derby broadcaster colin bloomfield has died aged 33 after battling skin cancer.
the father of jules bianchi , the formula one driver who sustained a severe head injury when he crashed into a recovery vehicle at the japanese grand prix in october 2014 , has spoken about his son 's condition. philippe bianchi explained to nice-matin , a newspaper in france , that the marussia driver is still in a coma but is ` fighting fiercely ' and his condition is stable. all of his organs are working without assistance. but , for now , he remains unconscious , ' philippe bianchi said. jules bianchi , 25 , remains in a coma after a crash at the japanese grand prix in october 2014.
with a net worth of # 260million , hollywood power couple brad pitt and angelina jolie are in no danger of having to endure a night at the holiday inn. there have even been reports that brangelina , and their six children , have shut down whole hotel floors and chartering entire trains for a bit of privacy. but the couple , whose combined salary comes from starring in over seventy box office hits , often opt for surprisingly low key accommodation , affordable for mere mortals like the rest of us. scroll down for video. just a regular family ? brad pitt and angelina jolie pitt pictured with their children -lrb- zaharah marley , centre -rrb-.
a councillor who stabbed his wife nine times with a kitchen knife after discovering her affair with the postman was yesterday found guilty of attempted murder. joseph o'riordan , 76 , left his wife mandy , 47 , with life-threatening injuries to the chest , torso and back after flying into a rage over her infidelity. but today it can be revealed that her married postman lover , nick gunn , 41 , had previous affairs with women on his rounds. while his wife last night refused to discuss her unfaithful husband , a former girlfriend revealed their relationship ended because he had been sleeping with a woman on his rounds.
the winner 's share of the $ 10million pot worked out at # 1.23 m in our currency. jordan spieth collected # 1.23 million for winning the masters - as well as the coveted green jacket. ian poulter improved on his previous best masters finish by shooting a second straight 67 for a share of sixth. ' ian poulter was dressed all in purple on sunday for his final round at augusta. augusta national have had people positioned on four holes this week taking note of everything -- what club each player uses from the tee. patrons watch the action on the sixth green at the augusta national as phil mickelson plays a shot.
stevie mccrorie has been crowned the winner of the voice uk 2015 , after beating fellow contestant lucy o'byrne in the final. now mentor ricky wilson , his fellow celebrity judges rita ora , tom jones and will.i.am , and most of all bosses at the bbc will all have their fingers crossed for his success. scroll down for video. can this year 's the voice uk champion stevie mccrorie break the winners ' curse ? his mentor ricky wilson is confident stevie could be just what the bbc needs to pull their talent show out of ridicule. leanne mitchell , the first ever winner of the voice uk , has been dropped by her record label and now works as a holiday camp performer.
jailed : kevin franklin married his new wife in the italian alps while his 80-year-old victim was forced to borrow money from his children because he could not afford any milk. a conman has been jailed for stealing a pensioner 's entire # 401,000 life savings and using it to finance his dream wedding and honeymoon. kevin franklin married his new wife in the italian alps while his 80-year-old victim was forced to borrow money from his children because he could not afford any milk , a court heard. ' he was jailed for four-and-a-half years at warwick crown court yesterday after admitting fraud and deception after the judge ignored his plea for leniency because he was ` terrified ' of going to prison.
premier league stars including steven gerrard , theo walcott and phil jones could face an advertising watchdog probe they plugged an adidas sale on twitter. manchester city 's david silva and everton 's phil jagielka were also among around a dozen players sponsored by the firm who urged millions of followers to buy the knock-down goods. the players posted messages within minutes of each other yesterday , with arsenal forward walcott tweeting : ` for 25 hours you can get 25 % discount on adidas.co.uk if you use ` friendsoftheo '. ' premier league stars including arsenal forward theo walcott -lrb- pictured -rrb- could face an advertising watchdog probe they plugged an adidas sale on twitter.
it 's said eating slowly helps bring the taste and texture of foods to the foreground. but cooper the labrador certainly does n't care about being a culinary connoisseur , as a new video shows. katie gallegos from clackamas county , oregon , decided to take the pooch to a mcdonald 's drive-thru for an ice cream with his pal daisy. but while the small female pup takes a few ladylike licks , cooper gobbles the rest of the cone up in one bite. weekly treat : katie gallegos from clackamas county , oregon , decided to take cooper the dog -lrb- right -rrb- to a mcdonald 's drive-thru for an ice cream with his pal daisy.
a man tragically ran over his granddaughter friday morning as he moved his truck in the driveway. he did not however see the toddler in front of his truck and killed her. scroll down for video. kendra moad -lrb- above -rrb- of kearns , utah followed her grandfather out of the house friday morning and into the driveway. he did not see the toddler and ran her over as he pulled his truck up in the driveway -lrb- above -rrb- to move the trash cans and ran over and killed the 20-month-old. ` he got into the red chevy pickup truck parked at the residence to pull it forward so he could move the garbage cans and unfortunately the child managed to get under , in front of car and he ran over the child , ' unified police department lt. justin hoyal told fox 13.
shivnarine chanderpaul and steve davis remain heroic despite their advancing years but what is the point of formula one ? hot. fc porto. the portuguese club 's slaying of bayern munich was achieved against a backdrop of fans draped in co-ordinated blue and white. does this mean that the visitors ' lumbering defender dante became the first footballer ever to ` lose the ball in the background ' ? porto 's fans were co-ordinated in blue and white as their side stunned bayern in the champions league. shivnarine chanderpaul. the west indies batsman is a throwback to when test cricket was true to its roots.
a dramatic confrontation between an alleged army impostor and a bystander in florida has been caught on video. eric coins , who was drinking in the city of sunrise posted the video to youtube accusing the man of wearing the uniform to get free drinks and meet women. ' in the footage , a young man is seen on camera asking the alleged fake service member , a series of questions including where he did his basic and boot camp training. the man apparently says he did his basic training in north carolina. the young man is then heard saying basic training is conducted in fort benning , georgia and not miami.
an eastern long island widow and her 14-year-old have been missing for almost three weeks after a trip to new york city to see a play. iona costello , 51 , and her daughter emily , from greenport , were going into the city when they were last seen on march 30 near their home in the the wealthy seaside village. iona costello , 51 -lrb- right -rrb- and her 14-year-old daughter emily -lrb- left -rrb- have been missing for almost three weeks after last being seen on march 30 near their home in the wealthy seaside village of greenport. the pair often go to shows and museums in new york city , but relatives have filed a missing person report after emily did not return to her east hampton school from spring break.
steve clarke admits his reading side require the ` perfect ' performance to stand any chance of beating arsenal -- but concedes he has yet to see that from one of his teams during his managerial career. reading have struggled in the championship this campaign whereas arsene wenger 's side are the in-form side in the premier league going into their fa cup semi-final at wembley on saturday. steve clarke insists his reading side must be ` perfect ' to have any chance of beating arsenal at wembley. ` we 've mentioned about having no regrets coming off the pitch and i promise you the players will give everything they 've got to try to get a result.
jose mourinho had placed the barclays premier league 's joint-top goalscorer on standby for this match , insisting he would only turn to diego costa if absolutely necessary. the # 32million striker was required to stop chelsea squandering the opportunity to open a seven-point advantage over their title rivals. yet all they got was 11 minutes before costa was forced off with a recurrence of the hamstring injury that ruled him out of the international break with spain. chelsea striker diego costa limped off with a hamstring injury shortly after coming on at the interval. will he be out for a week , a month , two months , maybe more ? ` it 's too early , ' said mourinho , who went on to defend throwing costa on.
bracing skegness is one of the most popular places in britain to own a holiday home , according to new figures out today. the lincolnshire resort , famous for its giant butlin 's holiday camp and sprawling caravan parks , joins picturesque places such as st ives and windermere in the top ten league of towns for holiday property. billy butlin located his first holiday park at skegness in 1936 and it still attracts 400,000 visitors a year. popular : skegness -lrb- pictured -rrb- is one of the most popular places in britain to own a holiday home , according to new figures out today.
manchester city 's problems are not confined to the barclays premier league. over the pond , new york city fc manager jason kreis is finding life increasingly difficult following a patchy start to the season which continued on thursday night as philadelphia union snatched a late draw in a match which had been bossed for long periods by the men in sky blue. the pressure has n't reached manuel pellegrini proportions. new york city fc 's mehdi ballouchy opened the scoring before his side were pegged back. yet kreis and nycfc will be under no illusions about the task in hand.
having gone all the way to last year 's wimbledon final eugenie bouchard has shown she knows how to handle etiquette , including the anachronistic task of having to curtsey. eugenie bouchard was mocked at home and abroad over the handshake controversy. bouchard refused to shake the hand of alexandra dulgheru before fed cup match at the weekend. bouchard ended up suffering not just the humiliation of losing to far lesser ranked opponents in front of her hometown crowd in montreal , but of being mocked by the opposing romanian team after they had inflicted defeat. even romania 's world number three simona halep , a shy and retiring type , weighed in by casting aspersions about the kind of upbringing bouchard has had.
this is the chilling moment a mysterious hairless creature chews its way through a steel cage. the description for the unsettling video - uploaded to youtube last week by raymond yeung -- claims it was captured in the shenzhen reservoir in china 's sand bay. the clawed creature - which some say is a rare bear - can be seen aggressively biting through the cage with a visibly bleeding mouth before ripping the metal wire apart with its limbs. the dsiturbing video shows a mystery clawed creature biting through a steel cage with a visibly bleeding mouth. according to the video description , the animal was discovered swimming in shenzhen reservoir in china 's sand bay.
indeed , archaeologists have been known to find the remains of bodies clutching make-up , beauty tools in graves and detailed beauty manuals from bygone times. while they may not have had vampire facials , cellulite cream and contouring kits at their disposal , the women of ancient history had some fascinating methods for beautifying themselves. the women of ancient history , including mary queen of scots , who washed herself in white wine , had some fascinating methods for beautifying themselves. cleopatra , for one , had some interesting methods and even penned a book documenting her most prized beauty secrets.
kathmandu , nepal -lrb- cnn -rrb- kathmandu is a city with few good stories right now , but tanka maya sitoula has one of them. the 40-year-old mother-of-four was at home when saturday 's deadly 7.8-magnitude earthquake struck , bringing the 5-story building down around her ground floor apartment. in the wake of the disaster , which has left at least 4,500 people dead across nepal , sitoula endured 36 long hours trapped in a room on the ground floor , before she was freed by an indian rescue team. sitoula , who talked to cnn through an interpreter , says she remained confident she would survive throughout her ordeal amid the rubble.
technology may have advanced in leaps and bounds , but when it comes to our most precious papers , it turns out many of us remain creatures of habit. a third of adults shun the storage possibilities of the internet and still keep their most important papers in a shoebox , a poll has found. a third of adults shun the storage possibilities of the internet and still keep their most important papers in a shoebox , the poll by online file-sharing service lifetile found. the survey of more than 2,000 britons found almost half -lrb- 45 per cent -rrb- rely on a safe or filing cabinet to store documents , from personal to official ones.
being crammed into cattle class is one of the most dreadful experiences for travellers , but aeroplane seats of the future are poised to make it a little more enjoyable. designers around the world are creating economy and premium economy seats that are comfier and provide more legroom , and some of them have radical changes from today 's chairs. crawley-based acro aircraft seating recently unveiled the design for its new premium economy seat. acro 's ` series 7 ' seat has hand-stitched leather armrests , an aluminium chassis and composite materials. passengers who are willing to pay a little extra for a seat in premium economy -- which brings more legroom and some of the perks of business class -- could one day sit in seats designed by crawley-based acro aircraft seating.
a man has made the infamous shepherds pie-trifle combination of custard , jam and meat immortalised in popular tv show friends. now one brave mancunian has whipped up their own version of the unusual concoction - replacing the beef with the far more traditional lamb. scroll down for video. it features sponge , jam , custard , lamb , peas , onions , whipped cream and is garnished with sprinkles. neil killham , a 32-year-old software engineer from manchester , announced his plans on twitter with a picture of his clashing ingredients with the caption : ` it 's finally time.
not only did p!nk 's response rally her fans , but they also started sharing their own photos of themselves post-pregnancy and embracing what p!nk tells her daughter is her `` squishiness.
obama and cuban president raul castro shook hands last night ahead of a historic meeting which may see cuba declassified as a state sponsor of terrorism. the two leaders , who clasped hands yesterday at a brief meeting , are both attending the summit of the americas in panama. the gesture of friendships is an outward symbol of obama 's project to thaw diplomatic relations with cuba , which have been frozen since the 1960s. the white house has set expectations for a ` substantive ' exchange between castro , brother of revolutionary leader fidel , and obama today. speculation is high that a result of the exchange could be the official removal of cuba from the state department 's list of state terror sponsors.
not a day goes by that 14-year-old jonathan pitre does n't scream in pain. born with epidermolysis bullosa - or ` butterfly skin ' - his body is covered with deep blistering wounds that will never heal. holding cutlery to eat is incredibly difficult. bathing is excruciating. scroll down for video. team work : jonathan , 14 , said he could not get through life without his mother tina who carries and feeds him. ' one in every 17,000 people suffer from the genetic condition. healthy skin is made up of three layers , but jonathan is missing the middle layer which holds the inner and outer layers together.
as california struggles with a devastating drought , huge amounts of water are mysteriously vanishing from the sacramento-san joaquin delta -- and the prime suspects are farmers whose families have tilled fertile soil there for generations. a state investigation was launched following complaints from two large agencies that supply water to arid farmland in the central valley and to millions of residents as far south as san diego. delta farmers do n't deny using as much water as they need. scroll down for video. drought : in this photo taken friday march 27 , 2015 , low-flow water emitter sits on some of the dry , cracked ground of farmer rudy mussi 's almond orchard in the sacramento-san joaquin delta near stockton , california.
family and friends of man shot dead by police last month are in shock after a billboard featuring the officer who pulled the trigger was erected in kenosham , wisconsin. aaron siler , 26 , was fatally shot after he ` armed himself with a weapon ' after being confronted by officer pablo torres on march 14. torres is currently on leave pending the outcome of the investigation into the deadly shooting. in the meantime a billboard , paid for by the kenosha professional police association , has been erected featuring a photograph of torres and his dog. scroll down for more.
manny pacquiao will be wearing the world 's most expensive shorts when he takes the ring at the mgm grand garden arena with floyd mayweather on may 2. the pacman 's shorts alone will carry sponsorship logos worth a total of $ 2.25 m -lrb- # 1.5 m -rrb- , reports the manila bulletin. manny pacquiao , working out here with trainer freddie roach , will wear multi-million pound shorts. when pacman takes the ring against floyd mayweather his shorts will carry # 1.5 m in sponsorship. pacquiao gives a thumbs up in his blood-soaked , sponsor-covered shorts after beating timothy bradley.
amanda beringer asked her brother brad fraser to make a toast at her wedding at eagle bay , south of perth , over the weekend in place of their father who passed away. far from a conventional toast , mr fraser performed a song which poked fun at the burdens of marriage. scroll down for video. amanda beringer asked her brother brad fraser to make a toast at her wedding at eagle bay , south of perth. you 're legally binded by the wedding trap , ' mr fraser sang. ' the crowd , who can be heard bursting out in laughter throughout the song , erupt into a standing ovation at the end of the performance.
in a hurry : katrina maddox , 23 , with baby edward , who was born in the back of an ambulance. in an unusual twist of fate , described as a ` million to one shot ' , a young mother has given birth in the back of an ambulance for the second time in as many years after her baby boy was born on the same stretch of busy main road as his brother. her second little boy came along on the a47 in norfolk two years after mrs maddox , of north pickenham , near swaffham , had her first child reuben in exactly the same way.
a cheeky monkey was captured on camera snatching a banana from a female tourist before slapping her gopro when she got too close. filmed in the thai town of kanchanaburi , the monkey approaches the woman , who holds a banana , with its outstretched hands. grabbing it in both hands , the monkey takes a small bite before pulling it from its skin , which he leaves with the lady. getting right up into the camera 's lens the monkey appears to sniff it while diverting its eyes , as if hoping that it is food. realising that it is out of luck , it returns to its original position and continues tucking into the banana.
the impressive ile louët is perched in the midst of morlaix bay in brittany , france , and provides the perfect peaceful retreat for explorers who wish to have the ultimate secluded retreat. groups of up to 10 guests can enjoy stunning ocean views on the quaint plot for the mere price of $ 200 -lrb- # 145 / $ 215 -rrb- for two nights. scroll down for video. ile louët is set 1148 ft from the shore in brittany and is the perfect retreat for up to 10 guests costing just # 145. enjoy spectacular views of the morlaix bay from the island that used to guide safety through the bay.
scroll down for video. auckland coastguards received unusual call out to a homemade boat race that saw asubaru take to the water. coastguards took to the water near gulf harbour , off auckland 's whangaparaoa peninsula after receiving a call out about the event from a member of the public. one vessel capsized just outside of the harbour , causing three people to have a bit of a paddle , however no one was injured. the voluntary rescue unit , hibiscus rescue and north shore rescue lent a hand to the fishermen as alcohol appeared to be involved during the event.
a nevada woman received a $ 200 ticket after she was pulled over for putting on makeup while she was behind the wheel as part of a statewide crackdown on distracted drivers. stephanie fragoso was cited on wednesday , april fools ' day , after she was stopped in las vegas by a nevada highway patrol -lrb- nhp -rrb- trooper. scroll down for video. stephanie fragoso was cited on wednesday , april fools ' day , after she was stopped by in las vegas , nevada. a nevada highway patrol trooper issued a $ 200 ticket to fragoso for putting on lib balm while at a red light.
while rory mcilroy is no stranger to pumping iron , the world 's no 1 golfer will need more than a few extra sessions in the gym to get close to matching american teenager brad dalke. mcilroy knew he was beaten even before he took the strain for an arm wrestle with the ripped high schooler who made short work of a strength test against the northern irishman. ' ` look at this ... no chance , ' rory mcilroy says as he prepares to arm wrestle 17-year-old brad dalke. dalke makes short work of the strength test against the world no 1 golfer who was a guest at a junior event.
a long island widow and her 14-year-old who have been missing for almost three weeks after a trip to new york city to see a play were stressed out by a legal battle , a relative said. iona costello , 51 , and daughter emily were going into the city when they were last seen on march 30 near their home in the the wealthy seaside village of greenport. scroll down for video. iona costello , 51 -lrb- left -rrb- and her 14-year-old daughter emily -lrb- right -rrb- have been missing for almost three weeks after last being seen on march 30 near their home in the wealthy seaside village of greenport.
an arkansas woman became a little richer this week after finding a large diamond at crater of diamonds state park. susie clark , of evening shade , found the 3.69-carat white diamond in a 37.5-acre search field on thursday , her last day of a trip to the park with her husband. susie clark , of evening shade , arkansas , found a 3.69-carat white diamond on a search field at crater of diamonds state park in arkansas. clark named the pinto-bean-sized , teardrop-shaped gem a ` hallelujah diamond ' because she spotted the gem shortly after praying that she would find something.
nfl murderer aaron hernandez is no longer no 81 - he is prisoner w106228 , daily mail online can reveal. the official number was issued to hernandez as he started the rest of his life in jail , at cedar junction state prison in massachusetts. he was being moved to the maximum security souza-baranowski correctional center near shirley today. hernandez is being held separately from other prisoners and is on suicide watch. he is now equipped with green prison scrubs and his tattoos are being examined for gang affiliations. the former new england patriots star smoked the hallucination-inducing drug in marijuana cigarettes that are known as ` killer joints ' in the world of drugs.
bournemouth are within touching distance ; they can almost smell the big-time. another hurdle on their way to the premier league has been negotiated as they secured a hard-fought win over reading. but winning a place in the top-flight has never been easy ; bournemouth are finding exactly that out. callum wilson celebrates after opening the scoring for bournemouth in the fourth minute. wilson opens the scoring for bournemouth early on against reading at the madejski stadium. referee : keith stroud. but , as of yet , the cherries are n't choking , callum wilson 's 22nd goal of the season setting them on their way to a third successive win at the madejski stadium.
it is a source of music , information and entertainment for millions of listeners around the world yet vast numbers of people are being denied the chance to enjoy fm radio. many of the smartphones on sale today - including apple 's iphones , samsung 's galaxy phones and lg phones - come with built-in fm chips. however , nearly two thirds of smartphones do not have the feature activated. many smartphones on sale today - including apple 's iphones , samsung 's galaxy phones and lg phones - come with built-in fm chips. however , nearly two thirds of these devices do n't have the feature activated.
a new york teacher fired after allegedly encouraging pupils to bully a 13-year-old girl by writing down her worst qualities on the blackboard has said she is the victim of a terrible ` injustice ' - and wants her job back. madeline luciano is said to have looked on as eighth grade pupils at ps 18 , in manhattan , wrote words like ` ugly ' , ` annoying ' and ` phony ' on the board to describe their classmate. sacked : madeline luciano , pictured , was fired after she allegedly allowed pupils to write nasty words about one of their classmates on the board.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- if you were mourning the loss of a loved one in china , at least the entertainment might have cheered you up. in rural china , hiring exotic dancers to perform at wakes is an increasingly common practice , but is now the latest focus of the country 's crackdown on vice. strippers are invited to perform at funerals , often at great expense , to attract more mourners , china 's official xinhua news agency said. '' photos obtained by cnn from an attendee at a village funeral in cheng ` an county in hebei province show mourners of all ages , including children , watching the performance.
this is the man who allegedly opened fire in the campus library of a north carolina college on monday morning , leaving one person dead. kenneth stancil , 20 , is a former student who did not graduate from wayne community college in goldsboro , where he is accused of shooting dead a man who working in the school 's print shop. according to police , stancil walked into the building at 8am carrying a long-barreled gun , went up to the third floor , and fired one shot , which killed long-time employee ron lane. scroll down for video. manhunt : police believe the shooter was kenneth stancil , a former student who did not graduate from wayne community college in goldsboro , north carolina.
a family of four was enjoying a day out together in portland , maine when a white man yelled a racial slur at them before speeding off. the family consisted of a black mother and a white father who were with their nine-year-old daughter and 23-year-old son. several bystanders witnessed the incident , including a local news reporter for wcsh 6 and wlbz 2 , jackie ward. ' the story has since caused a stir in maine - shocking some residents of the state. news anchor jackie ward -lrb- left -rrb- shared the story of shay stewart-bouley -lrb- right -rrb- , a blogger who writes about race , and her family when the racial slur was shouted at them on friday.
a young english fan who wrote a letter to richie benaud asking for tips on spin bowling almost 20 years ago has shared the australian cricket great 's response in the wake of his death. jonathon stevenson was just 16 years old when he asked for benaud 's advice on left-handed leg spin and he shared the lengthy response on twitter on friday as a tribute to the ` great man '. ` wrote to richie benaud when i was 16 about bowling leggies. scroll down for video. a letter from richie benaud to an english fan , jonathon stevenson , almost 20 years ago emerged on friday in the wake of the cricket legend 's death.
there was no special treatment for lewis ferguson at paul nicholls ' yard on thursday morning. ferguson , whose double somersault horror fall from the favourite merrion square in the 4.20 pm at wincanton on wednesday has been watched hundreds of thousands of times online. jockey lewis ferguson , 18 , who survived a spectacular fall from merrion square shows off the cut on his nose. ferguson , whose double somersault horror fall has been watched by hundreds of thousands online. the 18-year-old was mucking out the stables as usual at paul nicholls ' yard on thursday morning. colliding with the barrier forces the amateur jockey into a spectacular mid-air somersault.
sometimes walking in a straight line without tripping over with just two feet is enough of a challenge. now scientists have unraveled how octopuses manage to keep track of all of their flailing limbs as they crawl over objects. the video above , recorded by researchers at the hebrew university of jerusalem , shows how that despite its body orientation -lrb- green arrow -rrb- the octopus can crawl in any direction -lrb- blue arrow -rrb- thanks to its flexible arms. using high speed videos of octopuses as they negotiated obstacles , biologists at the hebrew university of jerusalem in israel studied the cephlopods movement.
the first people to be affected by qantas 's newly enforced ` smart casual ' dress code have taken to social media to complain after being turned away from the airline 's lounges for wearing thongs. qantas warned back in february that it would begin strictly enforcing its business class lounge dress code from april 1 - but not everyone got the memo. cassandra hann wrote on qantas 's facebook wall on thursday : ` thanks qantas club perth for refusing me entry because i was wearing havianas -lrb- i am going on holidays after all -rrb-. i was told qantas have now started to `` enforce '' their qantas club lounge dress regulations which bans thongs.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- recently , a new york judge issued an opinion authorizing service of divorce papers on a husband completely via facebook. in practice , it turns out people do n't like being sued. it also turns out that , to many defendants , procrastination of a lawsuit is a viable defense. once a defendant has been served , that means the judicial proceedings begin. unfortunately , that means defendants have an incentive to go `` off the grid ''. although every state is different , the law of service of process has evolved this way : the ideal and fairest way to notify a person of a lawsuit is to have another human hand the papers to the defendant in person , and have some proof that the person was the defendant.
the wife of pennsylvania 's lieutenant governor allegedly made an obscene gesture then threw a cup of soda over one of her husband 's political rivals. tonya stack , whose husband mike stack holds the state 's second-highest office , reportedly dumped cola on state representative kevin boyle in an unseemly row at a fundraiser in honor of a slain afghanistan veteran. ` soda fight ' : pennsylvania state representative kevin boyle , left , claims that he was covered in soda by tonya stack , right , wife of lieutenant governor mike stack , and a political opponent. he claims that after her shot landed , she was bundled out by a state trooper who was guarding her.
roma ended their four-month winless streak at home with a victory over napoli in serie a on saturday in a key match for champions league places. miralem pjanic finished off a swift counter-attack for roma in the 25th minute and goalkeeper morgan de sanctis did the rest - saving shot after shot by napoli in the second half. ' miralem pjanic slots home to put roma ahead in the 25th minute after a clinical counter-attack. pjanic -lrb- second left -rrb- celebrates with his team-mates juan iturbe , and daniele de rossi after scoring. second-place roma moved provisionally four points ahead of city rivals lazio , who play later on saturday.
tim sherwood has urged aston villa to man up as he labelled their clash with relegation rivals qpr the club 's ` biggest game ' for years. they host rangers on tuesday with sherwood admitting he does not have the players to grind out results. victory would move villa five points clear of the barclays premier league drop zone but they will return to the bottom three if qpr , three points behind with a better goal difference , win. tim sherwood -lrb- from left to right -rrb- , les ferdinand and chris ramsey during their time at white hart lane.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- iran 's president on friday hailed the proposed international deal on his country 's nuclear program , vowing that iran will stick to its promises and -- assuming other countries live up to their end of the bargain -- become a more active , engaged player in world affairs. `` some think that we should either fight ... or we should surrender to other powers , '' president hassan rouhani said. '' rouhani said his government kept its word to iranians when negotiating the framework deal , which was agreed upon thursday and sets parameters for talks that could lead to a comprehensive deal by a june 30 deadline.
jockey andrea atzeni has an early chance to promote the classic claims of a contender owned by his new qatar racing bosses when he partners terror in wednesday 's landwades nell gwyn stakes at newmarket. the 1,000 guineas hope , trained by david simcock , is one of six out of the nine entries to hold an engagement in the guineas. jockey andrea atzeni will ride terror in wednesday 's landwades nell gwyn stakes at newmarket. she is not a bad filly -- she would have to be good to finish fourth in the cheveley park on only her second start -- and she has done nothing wrong.
a 12-year-old girl battling leukemia for two years has been kicked out of school for her lack of attendance. last week st. joseph 's middle school , a private catholic school , sent a letter to rose mcgrath and her dismissing her from the school for low attendance and poor academic performance. scroll down for video. heartbroken : ' i did n't do anything wrong , but they still got rid of me , ' rose mcgrath of battle creek , michigan said tearfully of her school kicking her out for poor attendance because of her leukemia. dismissed : john fleckenstein , with battle creek area catholic schools , claims that the school made many accommodations for rose and that none of them seemed to help her enough.
tottenham are confident kyle walker has not broken his foot following a scan on tuesday. there were fears the england defender may have fractured his right foot after taking a hefty blow from a collision with kieran trippier during the draw at burnley on sunday. however , more tests are planned this week. tottenham defender kyle walker receives treatment from medical staff during the 0-0 draw with burnley. walker had sustained the injury following a heavy collision with burnley defender kieran trippier at turf moor. walker has been provided with a protective boot to ensure no further damage is caused. he will continue to be assessed by spurs ' medical team in the coming days as the club determine the full extent of the injury.
john carver admits newcastle united need to look at the ` dna ' of their dressing-room this summer. the magpies were beaten for the fifth successive time in tyne-wear derbies during sunday 's 1-0 defeat at sunderland. newcaslte boss john carver admits the club need to look at the ` dna ' of their dressing-room this summer. newcastle players train at the club 's training complex on thursday ahead of monday 's clash with liverpool. newcastle trio moussa sissoko , vurnon anita and massaido haidara take a breather during training. ryan taylor attemps to bend the ball around some dummies and hit the target during thursday 's session.
michael schumacher 's daughter gina maria has revealed her impressive riding skills at a horse show in germany. the 17-year-old was one of the participants in the nrha european futurity horse show in the bavarian town of kreuth and looked every inch the professional rider throughout the tournament. the nrha european futurity horse show continues until saturday evening , when miss schumacher is expected to take part in the grand final of the tournament providing she is n't knocked out of the competition over the course of the week. impressive : gina maria schumacher is photographed taking part in the week-long nrha european futurity horse show in the bavarian town of kreuth yesterday afternoon.
a massachusetts boy who received more than 150,000 letters and packages after requesting ' a box of cards ' for his sixth birthday has died after his battle with a rare brain tumor. danny nickerson , six , who loved to receive mail , was diagnosed with an inoperable brain tumor in october 2013. on friday night , his mother carley nickerson shared on a facebook page , danny 's warriors , that her ` precious sweet boy earned his angel wings ' after a ` courageous 18 month battle '. ` his body was so tired of fighting. ' on friday night , his mother , carley nickerson -lrb- pictured above with him -rrb- , wrote that her ` precious sweet boy earned his angel wings ' nickerson was diagnosed with diffuse intrinsic pontine glimoma -lrb- dipg -rrb- in october 2013 and fought through 33 radiation treatments.
the brothers have even made an optimus prime truck , based on the most recent transformers movie , as well as a tron-inspired motorbike. scroll down for video. ' take bat ! the brothers ' impressive version of the tumbler , batman 's car in the dark knight trilogy. attention to detail : the number plate and interior are very similar to the original batmobile. real deal : the tumbler in the 2005 movie batman begins , which was directed by christopher nolan. the car-crazy brothers from port canaveral , florida , started building versions of the vehicles they most loved for their own enjoyment four years ago.
three time major winner padraig harrington has rediscovered his form ahead of the masters. the irishman practices during the pro-am before the start of the houston open in texas. he ended up winning his first tournament in america since the 2008 uspga championship. ' it was the first major championship this century for which he 'd failed to qualify and he ended up watching it sulking on the sofa at home. the 43-year-old ended up winning the tournament after a play-off victory against daniel berger. ' harrington was ` devastated ' after failing to qualify for last year 's masters following poor results.
now the green party has set it to music , with a new election advert featuring david cameron , nick clegg , ed miliband and nigel farage forming a bizarre pro-austerity boyband. the video , complete with dry ice , glittering podiums and the obligatory key change , is designed to show that despite their claims to the contrary , the tories , lib dems , labour and ukip are all singing the same tune on cuts , public services and immigration. the video begins with ` david cameron ' playing a white grand piano , with ` ed miliband ' looking on.
this helpful dog does n't mind getting his paws dirty with a spot of housework. baron the german shepherd was filmed as he helped get the dishes done at home in california. footage shows the pup reaching up and grabbing rinsed goods between his teeth from the sink , before loading them into the dishwasher. baron was professionally trained at the hill country k9 school. other videos show the pup breaking sweat as he helps his trainer workout. many viewers have applauded the dog 's cleaning antics , deeming him ` cute ' and adorable '. clever boy : baron the german shepard was filmed as he helped get the dishes done at home in california.
a british policeman has been left paralysed from the waist down after breaking his neck while on holiday with his family. luke stanwick , 30 , is fighting for his life in a medically-induced coma and may never walk again after the ` horrendous ' accident in portugal. the police officer from hailsham , east sussex , was on holiday with his wife jenny and their two-year-old son , nathan , when he broke his neck. pc luke stanwick , 30 , has been left paralysed from the waist down after breaking his neck while on holiday with his family , pictured with his two-year-old son nathan.
chris smalling has signed a three-year contract extension at manchester united worth in the region of # 80,000-a-week after turning his career around at old trafford. the 25-year-old england centre-back had been linked with a move to arsenal after struggling to hold down a first-team place at united and being branded ` stupid ' by manager louis van gaal for his sending-off in the manchester derby at the etihad earlier this season. chris smalling -lrb- left -rrb- signs his new manchester united contract alongside club boss louis van gaal. smalling celebrates scoring united 's fourth goal during their 4-2 premier league win against manchester city.
bruce jenner has confirmed he started a gender transition process in the mid-1980s but stopped after he met and fell in love with kris kardashian , who became his third wife. the 65-year-old told diane sawyer he embarked on hormone therapy and electrolysis , and had plastic surgery to make his features look more feminine , shortly after winning the olympic gold. scroll down for video. early signs ? bruce jenner has revealed he started having hormone therapy and plastic surgery in the mid to late 1980s to make himself look more feminine. before the changes : bruce , seen here on set , still had his athletic physique and heavy set masculine features when he appeared in the 1980 film ca n't stop the music.
a woman who launched a social media campaign in a bid to return a sentimental ring which she found snorkeling in bali has found the owner who is amazingly from the same part of australia. roxy walsh , 34 , met with the ecstatic owners , joe and jenny langley , in noosa , on queensland 's sunshine coast , on sunday to personally return the ring to the couple after less than week of searching. scroll down for video. roxy was able to reunite the ring with the rightful owners jenny -lrb- right -rrb- and joe -lrb- centre -rrb- after their granddaughter , jade -lrb- left -rrb- found the social media campaign on facebook.
a chilean artist has been jailed after dyeing a famous hot spring in iceland pink with food colouring. marco evaristti , the south american artist who is based in copenhagen , poured red fruit dye into the strokkur geysir , found around 70 miles to the north east of reykjavik , at dawn. professing that ` nature belongs to no one ' , he did not seek permission from local authorities before the stunt. he has since been jailed for two weeks after landowners lambasted his efforts as ` vandalism '. scroll down for video. an artist has been jailed after pouring food dye into the strokkur geysir natural hot spring in iceland , causing its the water to turn bright pink.
ukip is only seen as racist by white people , nigel farage has claimed. but he said claims the party is racist have stopped many supporters -- including internationally acclaimed rock stars and billionaires -- from backing him publicly. mr farage said that when he goes into ` black parts ' of london he gets a warm reception. ukip leader nigel farage -lrb- pictured canvassing today -rrb- says the party is only seen as racist by white people. ` it 's unbelievable , they all wanted selfies and pictures. and the only people who think ukip are racist are white people , middle class white people.
cats and dogs have the advantage over marine pets in that they can interact with humans through the sense of touch. but that does n't prevent one man from dipping his hand in the fish tank and giving his blood parrot cichlid a stroke. the fish begins relaxing in the man 's hand and stays very still as the owner begins to stroke it with his finger. the fish initially moves away before swimming in a full circle and returning to rest in between the man 's fingers. the man then begins massaging the pet by running his finger along it and the fish stays completely still as if enjoying the sensation.
kathmandu , nepal -lrb- cnn -rrb- on day six of nepal 's tragedy , life triumphed as rescuers pulled an 15-year-old from the rubble of a multistory residential building in one of kathmandu 's hard-hit neighborhoods. a large crowd erupted in cheers as pemba tamang was carried out on a stretcher. his rescuer , inspector lakshman basnet of the nepalese armed police force , said tamang was responsive and showed no apparent signs of serious injury. he was given an iv drip and rushed from the gongapur area to a temporary emergency hospital run by an israeli aid team. the nepalese rescuers had been working for five hours to locate tamang after they heard his voice coming from under the debris.
on a fenced-in artificial pitch , on the edge of one of salford 's most notorious estates , a group of men with what you could call lived-in faces are finishing a game of football. some are dressed in jeans and shoes - they have no kit or boots. ' jesper blomqvist helped coach youngsters from manchester united foundation 's street red project. jesper blomqvist , he of hand in sleeve and knee often in cast , is back in manchester. the swede , now 41 , was a key cog in sir alex ferguson 's treble-winning machine , making 38 appearances in that memorable season following a # 4.4 m switch from parma.
boston -lrb- cnn -rrb- sending boston marathon bomber dzhokhar tsarnaev to prison for the rest of his life would bring years of punishment and rob him of martyrdom , jurors were told monday. `` we have seen more pain and more horror and more grief in this courtroom than any of you would have thought possible , '' attorney david bruck said as tsarnaev 's defense team began what could be a two-week campaign to avoid the death penalty. '' bruck told jurors there are only two punishments for them to choose from : death , or life in prison without any possibility of parole.
pep guardiola has denied claims of a dispute with former bayern munich club doctor hans-wilhelm muller-wohlfahrt , who quit the club on thursday after ` being blamed ' for the defeat by porto. the 72-year-old , who had worked at bayern for almost 40 years , sensationally quit the bundesliga club , claiming ` the bond of trust is damaged ' , but guardiola has played down claims of a feud. ` the reaction is on me , i was disappointed , ' he told reporters in the wake of a shock champions league quarter-final defeat by porto. pep guardiola has denied a rift with the former bayern munich doctor who quit the club this week.
they are among the latest group of migrants to have safely reached land after a desperate voyage across the mediterranean that has claimed the lives of so many others. of the 446 people on board the italian rescue vessel , the navy said 59 of them were children , who were no doubt unaware just how perilous their boat trip could have been. scroll down for video. reaching the safety of dry land : two migrant boys cling to each other as their rescue ship docks in the sicilian port of augusta after their smuggler boat was picked up off the coast of the italian mainland.
lord janner sent a ` thank you ' christmas card to a detective after learning he would escape child sex abuse charges , it emerged yesterday. lord janner sent a ` thank you ' christmas card to a detective after learning he would escape child sex abuse charges , it emerged yesterday. the officer said he was appalled by the labour peer 's note after his superiors forced him to drop his inquiries into janner 's alleged sex abuse. the revelation of janner 's apparent attempt to influence the police came amid fresh concerns about the establishment cover-up of the labour grandee 's alleged paedophilia.
karim benzema insists real madrid are capable of becoming the first side to retain the champions league due to their undoubted quality. the la liga giants won their 10th european cup last season and benzema is confident that his side can quickly add to their impressive tally. speaking to adidas football , benzema said : ` we are trying to get to the final. real madrid forward karim benzema believes his side are capable of retaining the champions league. benzema was speaking to adidas ahead of real madrid 's champions league encounter against atletico. ' benzema 's club team-mate james rodriguez , who has recently returned to full fitness following a foot injury , has heaped praise on carlo ancelotti ahead of real 's champions league showdown with atletico.
ahead of this weekend 's premier league action , sportsmail will be providing you with all you need to know about every fixture , with team news , provisional squads , betting odds and opta stats. here is all the information you need for burnley 's home clash with tottenham ... burnley vs tottenham hotspur -lrb- turf moor -rrb-. burnley. burnley defender stephen ward should be back in contention for sunday 's barclays premier league clash against tottenham after overcoming an ankle injury. midfielder matt taylor , who has not featured since august , is also nearing a return after resuming training following his recovery from achilles surgery.
the new adam sandler film ran into a huge problem on wednesday when a group of extras stormed off the set. native american actors appearing in the ridiculous 6 , a spoof of the magnificent seven that stars and was written by sandler , left the set after they became offended by the script 's jokes about their race and culture. scroll down for video. a dozen native american extras and the cultural adviser walked off the set of adam sandler 's -lrb- seated above in wig -rrb- new movie the ridiculous 6 on wednesday. the film stars sandler -lrb- left -rrb- , taylor lautner -lrb- right -rrb- , nick nolte and steve buscemi.
it was as iconic a moment of the eighties as duran duran , yuppies , football hooliganism and mrs thatcher handbagging the unions. ` and so the lights go down , ' whispered commentator ted lowe to 18.5 million viewers. ' steve davis -lrb- left -rrb- and dennis taylor pose with the trophy before their world snooker final in 1985. davis was leading the final 8-0 when he missed a shot on the green that he has rued to this day. the 1985 final was watched by 18.5 million , a bbc2 record , but it is way behind the most-watched sporting events :.
societies with less access to food and water are more likely to believe in an all-powerful deity , according to new research. the study uncovered a link between belief in god and other societal characteristics , such as a strong social hierarchy. scientists suggest that religious beliefs help people cope in inhospitable habitats. a study suggests that societies with less access to food and water are more likely to believe in all-powerful , deities. here , devotees prepare ritual rice dishes to offer to the hindu sun god as they attend pongal celebrations , at a slum in mumbai. the uk is one of the least religious places in the world , according to a new survey.
there will be calls for england to get rid of alastair cook and jonathan trott on the back of their failures here but i think they should both play all three tests against west indies before any sort of decision is made. we are talking about two batsmen with phenomenal test records who have done it against australia in the past and , with good players like that , you do not jettison them easily. jonathan trott -lrb- left -rrb- and alastair cook head out to open england 's second innings against west indies. trott walks past cook after he was dismissed for just four runs by jerome taylor on day three.
the sun is shining , the mercury is climbing and the trees are finally in blossom. whether you prefer a stroll around the netherlands ' keukenhof gardens , largely recognised as one of the world 's most beautiful springtime wonders , or to take in the sights of the smithsonian alongside washington 's cherry blossom trees , there are plenty of incredible blooms on display all around the globe as well as some beautiful bluebell-spotting opportunities in the uk. mailonline travel has compiled the most beautiful spring destinations for those looking to get in a unique getaway before the summer travel rush begins.
when it comes to uploading baby photos on social media , some feel like the more comments and likes they get the better , but who is really looking at your photos and how far do they reach on the net ? scroll down for video. snap happy : we all know someone who overshares on social media - but could they be putting their kids ' lives at risk ? just last week , australian woman jade ruthven was lambasted on her social media account by her friends , who were so sick of her constant updates about her baby daughter that they wrote her a scathing letter demanding she stop.
the daughter of second world war nazi strongman hermann goering has failed in her bid to get the state of bavaria to return family money confiscated after the collapse of the third reich. goering , who cheated the hangman at nuremberg by committing suicide shortly before he was due to be executed for war crimes , was deputy to hitler and the regime 's greatest art thief. the infamous military leader plundered private collections and museums wherever the swastika flew but his daughter edda , 76 , has always refused to criticise him. scroll down for video. showing his soft side : hermann goering appears on the front cover of a magazine with daughter edda in 1940.
it 's not every day two senior barristers in the nation 's highest court go head to head over the fate of a pooch on death row. condemned staffordshire terrier izzy is set to be destroyed after she bit a woman in august 2012 after escaping from her owner tania isbester 's backyard in the basin , east melbourne , victoria. lawyers for victorian woman tania isbester appealed to the high court hoping to have her staffordshire terrier , deemed aggressive by knox city council , saved from being put down. the woman who izzy bit suffered a 1.5 cm to her finger on august 4 in 2012 , which is deemed as a ` serious injury ' under the domestic animal act in victorian law , and izzy was seized by the council in june 2013.
a scientist says he expects to live to 150 after uncovering the secrets of how to slow down the ageing process. dr alex zhavoronkov , an anti-ageing expert , believes medical advances and knowledge of lifestyles will lead to a far longer life expectancy than has been seen to date. scroll down for video. healthy living : dr alex zhavoronkov , an anti-ageing expert , believes medical advances and knowledge of lifestyles will lead to a far longer life expectancy than has been seen to date. he also makes sure he is administered with vaccines as soon as they are available , according to the sunday telegraph , while monitoring his blood biochemistry and cell counts.
a controversial video of a woman applying make-up to a monkey has sparked debate online between those who think it is cruel and those cute. teresa bullock captured the two-minute clip at her house in ohio on the birthday of her 18-year-old macaque monkey named angel. the video shows the monkey sitting up on a sink having its eyebrows plucked with a pair of tweezers. its owner then proceeds to apply what looks like moisturizing cream , eye-liner , mascara and finally , and perhaps most shockingly , red lipstick. ` she loves to do anything she watches you do and being pampered is the best part of her day , other than playing with her kitty.
beijing -lrb- cnn -rrb- a day after the chinese government released five young feminists on bail , their families and supporters expressed mixed emotions on the unexpected development. wei tingting , wang man , zheng churan , li tingting and wu rongrong were freed from the haidian detention center on the outskirts of beijing late monday. the five activists on women 's rights -- aged from 25 to 32 -- were picked up by police in three different cities just before march 8 , the international women 's day. `` i 'm still speechless and do n't know how to react , '' tweeted li 's girlfriend suan xiaola to the couple 's friends upon hearing the news.
at least five women got into a large-scale brawl that lasted for multiple minutes at a zara clothing store on friday afternoon. the fight broke out at a store location in the city 's rittenhouse square neighborhood. scroll down for video. let 's get ready to rumble : three of the fighters were grappling , while a fourth came in and slapped them -lrb- left -rrb-. witnesses to the fight had different reactions. in a youtube of the fight , someone said : ' i just came in here to get a suit. at one point a woman got on top of a table and jumped off like she was wrestling in a wwe match.
the popular event has seen over 45,000 descend on aintree for the perfect build-up ahead of saturday 's main event , the crabbies grand national. seven races make up the day as they saw saphir du rheu , ridden by sam twiston-davis , take home the betfred mildmay novices ' chase and following up from his second place at the world hurdle at cheltenham festival. a.p mccoy rides don cossack and eastlake in what is his last ever grand national festival , as he looks to leave the racing scene and his legacy with a bang. glugging on the go : ladies enjoy a drink while moving through the racecourse ahead of the first race.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- authorities detained a 15-year-old girl from cape town , south africa , at the city 's airport after receiving information she was leaving the country to join isis , state security minister david mahlobo said. virginia teen accused of being isis recruiter. officials debriefed the girl 's family and released her into the family 's care , mahlobo said. `` the recruitment and radicalization of particularly young people to take part in acts of terror is a growing global concern and local law enforcement agencies will continue to work hard in clamping these from materializing , '' the minister said in a statement monday.
the family of a massachusetts woman who died from melanoma likely caused by her love of tanning are campaigning for a change to laws governing sunbeds. glenna kohl of barnstable spent years in the sun as a cape cod lifeguard and countless hours laying in indoor tanning beds while at college. she was diagnosed with melanoma just after graduating from a rhode island college in 2005. now , her parents want the world to know the very real dangers posed by tanning even to the very young. sad : glenna kohl of barnstable spent years in the sun as a cape cod lifeguard and countless hours laying in indoor tanning beds while at college.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- it 's a good thing -- a lucky thing -- that a bystander had the courage and presence of mind to record the shocking video that shows a white police officer , michael slager , gunning down and killing an apparently unarmed black man named walter scott after a traffic stop in north charleston , south carolina. it 's not supposed to be a mystery : more than 20 years ago , congress approved a law , the violent crime control and law enforcement act of 1994 , signed by president bill clinton , that requires the federal justice department to collect data on deaths caused by police.
a mother-of-four whose addiction to red bull saw her drinking 24 cans of a day claims she has been cured of her habit by hypnosis. sarah weatherill , 31 , became so dependent on the energy drink she was told if she cut down too quickly she could suffer a seizure as her body was so used to the caffeine. scroll down for video. sarah weatherill , 31 , was so addicted to red bull she drank 24 cans a day leaving her lethargic , depressed , suffering heart palpitations and constantly anxious. she soon became dependent on the drink and could n't get out of bed unless she knew she had some in the fridge.
branislav ivanovic was hit on the head by a lighter thrown by a fan as chelsea edged closer to the title with a ` lucky ' win over queens park rangers. the football association will wait for referee andre marriner 's report before deciding whether to launch an investigation into crowd control after other missiles rained down on the loftus road pitch. qpr manager chris ramsey condemned the behaviour. ' jubilant chelsea celebrations were marred by objects being thrown onto the pitch by the crowd. chelsea midfielder nemanja matic hands over a coin to referee andre marriner during the match on sunday.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- two pieces of audio recorded in the immediate aftermath of a deadly police shooting in south carolina emerged monday. the former north charleston police officer is charged with murder in the death of 50-year-old walter scott. in the first recording , an unidentified officer talks to slager about what might happen. the second audio , taken from dash cam video from inside a patrol car , captures a phone call between slager and someone cnn believes is his wife. '' `` he grabbed my taser , yeah. ... i 'm fine. '' if convicted of murder , the former officer faces up to life in prison or the death penalty , although a death penalty case appears unlikely at this point.
for any players who have featured for 90 minutes in a match under pasquale marino , the next day at training is dedicated to ` scarico ' -- recovery. marino was the manager who brought sanchez into udinese 's first team in 2008 after he had been signed from chilean club side cobreloa two years earlier. udinese had italy internationals antonio di natale , simone pepe and fabio quagliarella vying for places up front , but marino knew in sanchez he had a ` jewel ' on his hands. alexis sanchez has impressed for arsenal this season following his # 30million switch from barcelona.
while throwing in the nine-to-five life is a dream for many , one young couple decided to make it a reality , experiencing the world as they spent a year filming one mini documentary a day. sydney couple epiphany morgan and carl mason produced 365 documentaries in as many days , visiting 35 countries and 70 cities , as part of their project 365 docobites , an idea which even the couple originally doubted would actually work. scroll down for video. with a strict budget of $ 40 a day , the couple set off to their first destination - the us - and landed in new york to begin their very long journey across the globe.
it is the sort of advert to strike fear into any woman. must have the same body measurements as the hollywood actress -- give or take a centimetre. specifics : applicants must meet a strict criteria including measuring 5ft 6in , have a 25 1/2 in waist , a high hip of 35 , low hip of 36 1/2 and be prepared to cut their hair into a messy bob , so they look like sienna miller. would-be siennas hoping to appear in an advert for bottled water should be 5ft 6in in height and have a 25 1/2 in waist , the advert states.
most women would kill for a size six figure and a gap between their thighs. the illness has seen miss harris lose more than 18 stone -lrb- 252lbs -rrb- in 20 months , as she regularly vomits up her food and suffers excruciating bowel pain. at her largest , when she weighed 27st 10lbs -lrb- 388lbs -rrb- and was a size 32 , she dreamed of pulling off skimpy outfits. but now , weighing just 8st 9lbs -lrb- 121lbs -rrb- and wearing size 6 clothes , she says she would give anything to get back her fuller figure back and be able to eat normally again.
a 69-year-old mentally impaired man from connecticut celebrated walking free from jail today after spending more than two decades behind bars for the rape and murder of his wife 's grandmother. last month a court ruled richard lapointe , a former dishwasher , was deprived of a fair trial for the 1987 killing and on friday , a judge ordered him to be freed on $ 25,000 cash bail. the former inmate was photographed walking out of the hearing alongside his attorney and another supporter with his arms weakly raised in the air.in lieu of his prison jumpsuit ,. his attorney said he will stay under a 7pm to 7am curfew with a couple in east hartford.
but for those at the top of a claustrophobic championship , the maths is simple -- win every game or risk missing out on a potential # 120million payday. two points separate four teams , with four games remaining. to drop points would almost certainly mean to drop out of the race for the two automatic slots to the barclays premier league. middlesbrough were top on good friday but are fourth going into the visit of wolves. lee tomlin -lrb- centre -rrb- fires middlesbrough 1-0 ahead against rotherham united in the championship match. middlesbrough boss aitor karanka -lrb- right -rrb- is targeting wins from all of his side 's remaining fixtures this season.
peering into the heart of the milky way , astronomers have spotted the ` howls ' of dead stars as they feed on stellar companions. these zombie stars are thought to be leaving a ` mass grave ' of white dwarf stars near the centre of the milky way. scroll down for video. the nuclear spectroscopic telescope array , or nustar , has captured a new high-energy x-ray view -lrb- magenta -rrb- of the bustling center of our milky way galaxy. the smaller circle shows the center of our galaxy where the nustar image was taken. the finding , published in nature , was made by scientists at haverford college in pennsylvania , us using nasa 's nustar telescope.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- the accidental death of a 2-year-old boy in milwaukee on sunday triggered a violent chain of events , eventually claiming the lives of three more people. during the family gathering , he dashed out into the street and was struck and killed by a gmc van , according to milwaukee police. but it was too late , police said. damani 's alarmed family came running , including his older brother , 15-year-old rasheed chiles , police said. soon , two more people would also die : the driver and the teen were both felled by bullets fired by the same man , police said.
a russian aerospace commander has sensationally claimed that some spy satellites are masquerading as space junk in earth orbit. the official refused to comment on how many such satellites there were , and which countries were operating them. it suggests there could be more satellites than thought monitoring different countries on earth. the claim was made by the commander of russian space command. oleg maidanovich said someone was hiding satellites as space junk -lrb- artist 's illustration of a satellite shown -rrb-. the claims were made by the commander of russian space command , oleg maidanovich. ` very recently , specialists of the department of space intelligence centre uncovered a newly created group of space satellites ... made for radio-technical reconnaissance of equipment on russian territory , ' he said.
but new reports have suggested that all is not as rosy as it might seem when it comes to katie price and kieran hayler 's marriage. it was also claimed that she no longer allows him to go to the gym as katie worries that kieran 's obsession with his looks could feed into his sex addiction. scroll down for video. it has been reported today that katie price still has n't forgiven her cheating husband kieran hayler. the singer sam bailey , who is a close friend of katie 's and attended her recent wedding , told closer : ` katie panics if she sees kieran hanging around any women.
an attacker got more than he bargained for - when his chosen victim floored him twice with her martial arts skills after he tried to rape her. the unidentified restaurant owner was attacked by the would-be rapist as she was closing the empty shop in the eastern province of shandong , china. the restaurant owner used her martial arts skills to overpower the would-be rapist and pin him to the ground. the man tried to grab her - but had a shock of his own when she used her self-defence skills to overpower him. cctv images from inside the restaurant show how the woman , who was wearing a mini-skirt and heels , pinned her attacker to the floor and put her hands around his throat - warning him to leave her alone.
a north carolina mechanic whose son was murdered nine years ago found an inscription dedicated to his fallen son on a car he was working on in his body shop. john brynarsky 's son chris , a custom paint job expert , was shot and killed in october 2006 after an argument in his car detail shop in union county , north carolina. when he was shot , he fell over the bumper he had just finished working on and damaged it , his friend mark cosentino said. chris brynarsky -lrb- back left -rrb- was killed in his custom car detail shop in october 2006.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- marine life seen swimming in unusual places. water temperatures warmer than they should be. some scientists are saying `` the blob '' could be playing a factor. a university of washington climate scientist and his associates have been studying the blob -- a huge area of unusually warm water in the pacific -- for months. `` in the fall of 2013 and early 2014 we started to notice a big , almost circular mass of water that just did n't cool off as much as it usually did , so by spring of 2014 it was warmer than we had ever seen it for that time of year , '' said nick bond , who works at the joint institute for the study of the atmosphere and ocean in seattle , washington.
dog tags a u.s. soldier lost on a massachusetts beach 70 years ago have been returned to his son at the same place. zachariah fike head of vermont-based purple hearts reunited , says the military id belonged to world war ii veteran cpl. william benn , who lost them in 1939 at a coastal artillery placement on salisbury beach. metal detector enthusiast bill ladd found the missing dog tags after a storm last year , returning them to the vet 's son , william benn of rhode island. cpl. benn manned a gun during the 1941 attack on pearl harbor. he was awarded the silver star for shooting down several japanese aircraft the next year as a tail gunner on a b-17 bomber at the battle of midway.
now an animal welfare charity claims to have a solution to help households rid themselves of mouse infestations - lending them a cat for the day. wood green animal charity has teamed up with a cleaning and diy app to offer customers a cat fostering service. wood green animal charity has teamed up with cleaning and diy app handy to offer customers a cat fostering service. cats will not just catch mice but the scent they leave behind can also discourage rodents from returning. the north london-based charity say that the presence of a cat and the scent it leaves behind will often be enough to scare away unwanted rodents.
cardinal francis george was remembered thursday as a man of deep faith , intellect and compassion as catholics said their final goodbyes to the man who led the nation 's third-largest archdiocese and was known as a vigorous defender of roman catholic orthodoxy. george also did n't hesitate to speak his mind , even if it was unscripted and , at times , controversial , said seattle archbishop j. peter sartain , who delivered the homily at a packed funeral mass at chicago 's holy name cathedral. ` he was so utterly a christian that no circumstance seemed inappropriate for him to give witness to christ.
spain 's queen letizia was back to the day job today , following two consecutive evenings at glamorous awards shows. today 's lunch is the second literary event in less than 24 hours for the spanish queen , who last night found herself on the receiving end of an unexpected kiss courtesy of another prize-winning author. scroll down for video. warm welcome : king felipe and queen letizia welcome juan goytisolo to the casa real in madrid. joking around : the royal couple were all smiles as they emerged from the private rooms to greet their guests. sharp cut : the spanish royal accentuated her new bob with a pair of links of london earrings.
michael vaughan , who is favourite to become england 's cricket supremo , was quick to condemn the openers after west indies got them both out early on. with jonathan trott out without scoring in the first over and captain alastair cook failing again vaughan said : ` their footwork and their mindset has been about looking to survive rather than getting on top. ' geoff boycott was also critical of the pair , saying : ` opening batsmen are supposed to face the new ball when it 's doing a little bit. ' michael vaughan criticised the footwork and mindset of england 's top order for just looking to survive.
karim benzema hailed team-mate cristiano ronaldo as a ` phenomenon ' after the portuguese struck five goals in real madrid 's 9-1 mauling of granada. it was the first time in his career that ronaldo has scored five goals in a single match and saw him become only the third player to reach the 300-goal mark for madrid , a tally achieved in only 287 appearances. on sunday , benzema said on his club 's website : ` cristiano is a phenomenon , he is always looking for goals and ways to help the team. ' cristiano ronaldo -lrb- centre -rrb- scored five goals during real madrid 's 9-1 la liga victory against granada.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- a new jersey auction house has removed items from its april 17 event after an uproar from the public. the items are crafts and artifacts made by japanese-americans confined to world war ii internment camps. it is something auction houses , galleries and dealers are faced with regularly , '' the auction house said. the auction house said 24 lots of an original collection of works of art and crafts were removed. the government called them relocation centers. they call them concentration camps. two-thirds of the people who were ordered there were native born u.s. citizens , according to the national archives.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- justin timberlake and jessica biel , welcome to parenthood. the celebrity couple announced the arrival of their son , silas randall timberlake , in statements to people. `` silas was the middle name of timberlake 's maternal grandfather bill bomar , who died in 2012 , while randall is the musician 's own middle name , as well as his father 's first , '' people reports. the couple announced the pregnancy in january , with an instagram post.
conor mcgregor is gearing up for a featherweight title challenge against jose aldo on july 11 and has unveiled a fearsome new tattoo ahead of the encounter. the 26-year-old irishman has already got a picture of a gorilla eating a heart inked upon his chest and ` the notorious ' has now revealed a tiger 's face tattooed onto his stomach. you 're food , ' mcgregor wrote next to the instagram post of his new artwork. conor mcgregor reveals his new tattoo of a tiger on his stomach to his instagram followers. mcgregor -lrb- left -rrb- poses in the shop with a fan shortly after having his tattoo on his stomach done.
jenson button believes mclaren now have their rivals in their sights ahead of this weekend 's chinese grand prix. after starting the new formula one season in australia with a severe lack of pace , mclaren and new power-unit supplier honda made significant progress a fortnight later in malaysia. although both button and team-mate fernando alonso retired during the race at the sepang international circuit , the duo at least discovered the car was competitive alongside other midfield runners. jenson button looks on in the garage during final practice for last month 's malaysian grand prix. ` to be able to race other cars , and see the red bulls until a long way into the race , was good.
the romantics will pick sean dyche or ronald koeman , the statistics lovers will go for jose mourinho or , at a push , arsene wenger. but for me there is one standout contender for manager of the year and that 's louis van gaal. the stricken patient was fading fast , but the dutch doctor has n't just stuck plasters over the wounds , he 's breathed life into a giant and resurrected it back to rude health. manchester united boss louis van gaal is among those in the running for manager of the year. united 's players celebrate together during the derby win against rivals manchester city.
a new county cricket season is almost upon us with the first round of championship fixtures this summer beginning on sunday up and down the country. yorkshire will be looking to defend their division one title while kevin pietersen will hope his runs help surrey to promotion from the second tier. here is former surrey and england batsman mark butcher 's guide to the county championship. but they always have a flotilla of pace bowlers to look out for. key man : mark wood -- a highly promising quick , as england have realised. durham 's side pose for their team photo ahead of the 2015 county cricket season.
when she set the world record of 2:15.25 in the london marathon in april 2003 -- a time no woman has threatened 12 years later -- there was no grinning until after she crossed the line. the crowd lining the london marathon course cheers for paula radcliffe as she wraps up a stellar career. radcliffe breaks down at the end of the london marathon on sunday , her final competitive race. the world record holder for 12 years , radcliffe said the time was irrelevant in her final london marathon. it is well inside 2:42.00 , the iaaf qualifying standard for the rio olympics next summer.
thousands of people , including hundreds of school children , lined the streets of norfolk today to wave farewell to the light dragoons. they are set to leave robertson barracks in swanton morley this summer and move some 200 miles to their new home in catterick , north yorkshire. scroll down for video. final farewell : the light dragoons marched through the streets of dereham , norfolk , as they prepare to wave goodbye to the county. the reconnaissance unit is moving from robertson barracks in swanton morley to catterick , north yorkshire , after 15 years. thank you : more than 4,000 people , including hundreds of school children , lined the route to cheer on the departing troops.
on saturday , at the 161st oxford-cambridge boat race , the women 's crews will battle the same thames course as the men , who will follow an hour later. after decades of campaigning and 88 years since the first women to race were jeered by male spectators , they get equal billing. and for wilson 's grandfather , 85-year-old richard cowell , from east kilbride , it will be a momentous day. he is not up to the journey to watch his granddaughter compete for cambridge but will still see the race , which will be televised for the first time.
it may have been miley cyrus ' pink heart-shaped nipple pasties that garnered all the attention when she paid honour to rocker joan jett on saturday , but eagle-eyed fans were distracted by something else. miley , 22 , who is known and loved for her controversial sartorial choices , displayed a somewhat bushy underarm region as she posed for a social media snap. scroll down for video. miley cyrus posed for a social media snap ahead of the 30th annual rock and roll hall of fame induction ceremony on saturday in cleveland , ohio ... and it appears that she had given her razor a night off.
an african-american woman fired from a maryland hooters in 2013 sued the ` breastaurant ' - and is now set to receive thousands of dollars from an arbitration ruling. plaintiff farryn johnson has said the baltimore restaurant where she worked had an issue with her blonde highlights. johnson claimed in an interview with wbal , ' i decided to put highlights in my hair , blonde in particular. ' scroll down for video. waitress : farryn johnson was fired from a maryland hooters in 2013 sued the breastaurant - and is now set to receive thousands of dollars from an arbitration ruling.
johannesburg -lrb- cnn -rrb- south african troops deployed tuesday evening as part of a new government effort to stop deadly anti-immigrant violence. their first target : the johannesburg suburb of jeppestown , where xenophobic violence broke out on friday. south african police raided a jeppestown hostel tuesday while troops secured the perimeter. earlier , defense minister nosiviwe mapisa-nqakula announced the plan to deploy an undisclosed number of troops to areas where police are spread too thin while trying to curb deadly attacks against immigrants. ... we are coming in because they need that support , '' she said after visiting johannesburg 's alexandra township , one area where mobs have attacked immigrants from other african nations and looted their shops -- ostensibly based on the belief that immigrants are taking south africans ' jobs.
as secret agent james bond , daniel craig has a license to kill , but on tuesday the united nations gave the british actor a ` license to save ' by appointing him as the first global advocate for the elimination of mines and explosive hazards. ` you have been given a license to kill -lrb- as james bond -rrb- , i 'm now giving you a license to save , ' u.n. secretary-general ban ki-moon told craig at united nations headquarters in new york. scroll down for video. the united nations said 162 states are parties to the anti-personnel mine ban convention.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- filipinos are being warned to be on guard for flash floods and landslides as tropical storm maysak approached the asian island nation saturday. just a few days ago , maysak gained super typhoon status thanks to its sustained 150 mph winds. it 's now classified as a tropical storm , according to the philippine national weather service , which calls it a different name , chedeng. it boasts steady winds of more than 70 mph -lrb- 115 kph -rrb- and gusts up to 90 mph as of 5 p.m. -lrb- 5 a.m. et -rrb- saturday. authorities took preemptive steps to keep people safe such as barring outdoor activities like swimming , surfing , diving and boating in some locales , as well as a number of precautionary evacuations.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- the overturned convertible was smoldering , when police pulled up to it on a new jersey roadway. the driver was pinned inside -- and unconscious. not knowing when the car might burst into full flame , they scrambled to save her , while a police dash cam rolled. kinnelon police officers mark ehrenburg and ricky ferriola cut the seat belt from her , then dragged the woman 's limp body away from the crash to start emergency medical care. the rescue started when someone reported an erratic driver on thursday , and the officers sped off to investigate.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- the united nations is appealing for $ 174 million to help nigerian refugees who 've fled to neighboring nations following militant attacks. boko haram has killed thousands in the nation 's northeast by attacking villages , schools , churches and mosques. it has also kidnapped students , including more than 200 schoolgirls abducted in april last year. the militants have attacked relentlessly for six years , sending 192,000 people seeking shelter in cameroon , niger and chad. `` displaced people in northeastern nigeria and across borders are in a very dramatic situation , they fear for their lives and are at this point unable to return to their homes , '' said liz ahua , who 's coordinating nigerian refugee efforts for the u.n. aid agencies are scrambling to provide the refugees with clean water , shelter , food and access to education.
khloe kardashian has hit back at critics of her instagram post reaction to monday night 's riots in baltimore saying she is ` damned if i do. the 30-year-old reality tv star posted - then later deleted - the message ` pray for baltimore ' to instagram on monday night as protests about the unexplained death of freddie gray turned to riots in the hours following his funeral. khloe kardashian posted this photo to instagram on monday night as protests turned to riots in baltimore , while more than 400,000 followers liked it , the post - now deleted - also drew criticism.
a 30-year-old scouser released by shrewsbury and tranmere in recent years was the hero of scottish football at the weekend. full back david raven stabbed home the winner to take inverness caledonian thistle to the scottish cup final. you can only be pleased for him -- he must have thought his career glory had been and gone when he made a few appearances in the liverpool first team as a youngster -lrb- he played in the infamous 1-0 defeat for rafa benitez 's reds at burnley in 2005 -- djimi traore 's silky back-heeled own goal deciding the game -rrb-. but what can we deduce about the state of scottish football from the two hampden park semi-finals last weekend ? david raven peels away after scoring the winner for inverness against celtic in the scottish cup semi-final.
ryan bertrand believes he deserves to be higher up the england pecking order and has pledged to prove his worth to manager roy hodgson. the 25-year-old has been one of the standout performers for southampton , where the left-back moved permanently earlier in the year having impressed on loan from chelsea. ryan bertrand was the fifth left back to be called in to roy hodgson 's england squad last month. a call-up had been predicted for england 's internationals against lithuania and italy last month , yet hodgson plumped for leighton baines , kieran gibbs and luke shaw. danny rose was then preferred when shaw pulled out , only for bertrand to get the nod once the tottenham full-back and then baines dropped out.
peter moores insisted he could work with michael vaughan if he becomes england 's new director of cricket despite the pair 's chequered past. the new man is expected to be a supremo who will be very much with the team but moores was not sure england needed another voice in the dressing room. michael vaughan with peter moores in 2008 during his unsuccessful first spell as england coach. moores ' position as england coach has come under scrutiny after a woeful world cup campaign. as always we will have to make it clear what the players have to do to go out and play for england.
an frail elderly woman lost five kilograms in five days when she was being treated at perth 's new fiona stanley hospital -lrb- fsh -rrb- , but the west australian health minister said doctors did nothing wrong. joyce tabram , 82 , was 39 kilograms when she was admitted to fsh on march 30 with swollen abdomen but left weighing just 34 kilograms. joyce tabram , 82 , lost five kilograms in five days while she being treated at fiona stanley hospital in perth. ms tabram told the abc her test was put off until april 3 after she became fed up with no action being taken.
the title race might be all but over but the fight for survival is only just beginning. at the end of march , leicester were bottom of the table with 19 points , seven off safety. win on saturday and they will be out of the relegation zone. for nigel pearson and his men , their season starts now. so how on earth have leicester won three on the bounce ? only arsenal -lrb- 8 -rrb- and chelsea -lrb- 4 -rrb- can better that as a winning streak. leicester players are full of confidence after three successive victories in the premier league.
the cell phone ban at the augusta national golf club has forced fans to dust off their often unloved and rarely used old cameras if they want to capture a photo of their heroes. barred from bringing their cell phones on to the georgia course , fans have adapted by going back to the future and using their pocket-sized digital cameras or their old 35mm bodies and lenses and re-learning how to use them. ` i 'm after phil mickelson , ' said kim mcneeley of nearby aiken , south carolina. the cell phone ban at the augusta national golf club has forced fans to dust off their often unloved and rarely used old cameras if they want to capture a photo of their heroes like tiger woods.
club tijuana star juan arango conjured memories luis suarez in his team 's 4-3 defeat by monterrey in the mexican league - but it was not through prodigious scoring. the venezuelan icon arango sank his teeth into the shoulder of jesus zavela as his temper flared in the defeat. he was not booked by the referee but could face a heavy retrospective ban. zavala holds his shoulder after being bitten by arango , in the game zavala 's side won 4-3 in mexico. zavala shows the referee the mark on his shoulder after being bittern by arango. arango -lrb- right -rrb- earlier scored a magnificent free kick to bring his club tijuana team level against monterrey.
police in maryland are hunting for a ` heartless ' thief who stole a four-year-old boy 's wheelchair in the middle of the night. the youngster 's mother left the buggy in the lobby of their building on merrimac drive , langley park , as usual on sunday evening since it 's easier to carry her son to their second floor apartment. scroll down for videos. caught on camera : police in maryland are hunting for a ` heartless ' thief -lrb- seen above on cctv footage -rrb- who stole a four-year-old boy 's wheelchair in the middle of the night.
-lrb- hlntv -rrb- actress alyssa milano had some angry tweets for heathrow airport authorities thursday morning after workers there allegedly confiscated breast milk she 'd pumped for her daughter while she was on a plane. milano , who was on a trip with her husband that she described in an earlier tweet as a `` romantic getaway , '' was furious. according to the heathrow airport guidelines on its website regarding baby food and/or milk , the airport asks that travelers carry only what they need for the flight. per the uk department of transport , travelers can carry breast milk through security and are allowed quantities larger than 100ml if necessary.
the family of tracey woodford -lrb- above -rrb- , whose body was found dismembered in a flat in pontypridd , wales , have described her as ` very kind-hearted ' and ` selfless ' a man has been charged in connection with the murder of a woman who was found dismembered at a flat in south wales. christopher may , 50 , will appear at pontypridd magistrates ' court tomorrow charged in connection with the murder of tracey woodford , 47. ms woodford , from the pontypridd area , is believed to have been attacked in woodland in pontypridd on tuesday before being taken back to the property of a man she is thought to have left a town centre pub with , police said.
gorkha , nepal -lrb- cnn -rrb- the ride from kathmandu to near the epicenter of nepal 's devastating earthquake is not for those who get easily carsick. the view along the six-hour journey from the capital is deceptive. one of the biggest challenges rescue workers are facing in nepal is reaching affected people in remote mountainous areas. one of them is gorkha , a district northwest of kathmandu. most of the shops and businesses are open. but our first stop at the district hospital brings us into the full reality of the human catastrophe. the hospital campus is overflowing with patients.
ravi opi , kavre district , nepal -lrb- cnn -rrb- by the time you reach the outskirts of nepal 's capital , even the roads are showing signs of the sheer magnitude of this earthquake -- and the enormity of the task awaiting a country struggling to come to terms with devastation and tragedy. the main highway that heads east out of kathmandu shows massive cracks , the tarmac torn apart by the force of saturday 's huge tremor. it is only 30 kilometers -lrb- 20 miles -rrb- east of kathmandu but the journey takes almost two hours -- and the travel times likely to be compounded the farther out from the city people go.
new lease of life : karen bane with her daughter jessica after undergoing the alternative procedure. it is a painful and embarrassing condition that affects millions of british women. pelvic organ prolapse , or pop , occurs when tissue supporting the pelvic organs -- including the womb -- becomes weak , typically after childbirth. although up to half of women are thought to suffer to some degree , far fewer seek help , and many who do are offered just one solution : a hysterectomy. while surgical removal of the reproductive organs solves the immediate problem , it also ends fertility , and with three months of recovery needed , it is no quick fix.
conflicting stance : ed miliband , pictured during a speech yesterday , will today announce a ` clear , credible plan ' on immigration. ed miliband will today claim labour 's attitude to immigration has ` changed ' -- despite still refusing to put any upper limit on the numbers allowed in. in an audacious move , the labour leader will insist that he offers a ` clear , credible and concrete plan on immigration -- not false promises '. ' but , only hours before the key election speech was due to be delivered , his own shadow home secretary refused at least four times to say labour would put a target on net immigration.
suddenly , at the age of 34 and after 15 years of hoping for the exact opposite , i desperately wanted to get pregnant. eleven months later , when my body was still not doing what i demanded , i got depressed , stressed and scared. proud mum sarah ivens with her two children , william -lrb- left -rrb- and one-year-old matilda -lrb- centre -rrb-. ' i was paranoid that my life decisions had left my baby dreams impossible to reach. of course , horror stories in the tabloids tried to persuade me that i had about as much chance of procreating successfully after the age of 30 as i did of making it to the x factor finals , but i had decided to follow the stars and wear blinkers.
emma giffard , 36 , and ollie halls , 37 , from somerset , bought the cinema for just # 1,200 in 2005 and spent # 35,000 on restoring the vintage classic with friends in devon over five years. they toured the country with the classic bus which became a celebrity , starring alongside melvyn bragg in a 20-part bbc2 series ` the reel history of britain and in ` george clarke 's amazing spaces '. restored : britain 's last-ever mobile cinema has been brought back to its former glory after film buffs found it rotting in a field in 2005.
with its gabled , late-victorian red-brick exterior and oak-panelled interior , cournswood house could almost be bletchley park , the english country house at the heart of the recent oscar-nominated drama the imitation game , about the cracking of germany 's wartime enigma code. the first was wartime naval cryptographer and enigma codebreaker dillwyn knox , who bought it in 1921 and lived there until his death in 1943. his funeral was attended by many from bletchley park , and a memorial stone to knox can be found bordering the property. cournswood house is in the south of buckinghamshire -- in ten acres of secluded woodlands in the picturesque village of north dean.
dawn bainbridge -lrb- pictured -rrb- led a ` family business ' stealing thousands of pounds worth of clothes from high street stores before selling them on. a mother-of-two branded ` fagin ' made almost # 50,000 in a lucrative family shoplifting firm with her daughters - and now they have been told to pay back just # 1 each. their company ` designer goods north east ' took more than # 7,000 in online payments in just four months , had detailed sales records and even a debters ' book. in a note seized by police , one daughter boasted of making # 100 a week and said she dreamed of going it alone.
shannah kennedy and lyndall mitchell , who between them have been more than three decades of life coaching experience , are teaching their masterclass of wellness to ceos and executives across the country. skills such as dealing with stress , being aware of trains of thought , and accumulative mindfulness are being taught to professionals in the banking , business and retail sector. ` wellness in the past has all been about the zen ... but actually you can be wearing leather pants , and be zen , ' shannah told daily mail australia. thelma and louise of wellness : shannah kennedy -lrb- left -rrb- and lyndall mitchell -lrb- right -rrb- are taking their masterclass of wellness : the boardroom retreat to ceos and executives across australia.
barcelona are fighting for a league and cup double this season but midfield playmaker ivan rakitic enjoyed some time away from the heat of battle with his family to celebrate st george 's day. ' rakitic 's wife , raquel mauri , also posted an image of her celebrations with barcelona star rakitic. ivan rakitic poses alongside his wife raquel mauri as the pair enjoy the st george 's day celebrations. barcelona man rakitic also shared a picture with his wife and daughter , who he described as his ` princesses ' rakitic -lrb- left -rrb- has been an integral part of barcelona 's team since signing from sevilla.
there are more conventional ways to apologise to a loved one after an argument. ' ' i love you ' : the mysterious signs that have appeared across the surrey village of milford. they were first spotted by residents in the affluent village of milford , near godalming , on tuesday morning and have sparked speculation as to the identity of author and the reasons behind the contrite gesture. desperate measures appeared to work for one unlucky man in october last year , who was spotted in manchester wearing a sandwich board bearing the words : ' i am sorry i lied.
prague 's international airport has been forced to hire porters to carry passengers ' luggage up 32 stairs because a multi-million pound construction project did n't budget for an escalator. a new metro line extension opened this week in the czech capital -- transporting travellers closer to the airport than ever before -- but the point where passengers transfer from trains to buses does n't have a moving staircase. scroll down for video. porters are carrying passengers ' luggage up and down the stairs at nadrazi veleslavin station every day. the construction project did n't budget for an escalator between the metro station and bus terminal.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- the bored teenager who gunned down a college baseball player in oklahoma simply because he and his two friends `` had nothing to do , '' is now a convicted murderer. chancey allen luna was found guilty of first-degree murder friday for his role in the august 2013 drive-by shooting of christopher lane , a 23-year-old college student in duncan , about 80 miles south of oklahoma city. lane , an australian attending east central university , was jogging when he was shot in the back by a gun fired by luna. a jury recommended friday that luna spend life in prison without the possibility of parole , according to court records.
april fool 's pranks are meant to be a bit of light-hearted fun , intended to trigger smiles of embarrassment. but one grandfather unexpectedly reduced his grandchildren to floods of tears yesterday with his practical joke. randy johnston , 68 , from dallas , texas , decided to leave two ` fake poops ' on his granddaughters ' beds. but footage shows that the prank turned out to be decidedly disastrous , with randy 's six-year-old granddaughter porter getting red-faced and dramatically crying in horror. scroll down for video. caught on camera : randy johnston , 68 , from dallas , texas , decided to leave two ` fake poops ' on his granddaughters ' beds - his then went about filming the moment of discovery.
george osborne was challenged 18 times yesterday to explain where the next tory government would find the extra # 8billion it has promised the nhs. during tense exchanges with the bbc 's andrew marr , the chancellor repeatedly ducked questions about exactly how the massive cash boost would be paid for. mr osborne said it would come from the conservatives ' ` balanced plan ' for the economy , but declined to go into further detail. scroll down for video. chancellor george osborne and labour deputy leader harriet harman , appearing on bbc1 's the andrew marr show. all i 'm asking is where does it come from ? no higher taxes , extra public spending cuts ? where ? ' mr osborne replied : ` well it 's part of our balanced plan.
she shot to fame as the pretty blonde on prince harry 's arm , but cressida bonas is keen to make a name for herself away from the royal limelight. the fledgling actress and dancer has been unveiled as mulberry 's new ambassador - and shows off her modelling skills in new imagery released by the british fashion giant. the 26-year-old poses in an old courthouse in clerkenwell , london , wearing pieces from the somerset-based brand 's spring/summer 2015 collection. shot by robert fairer , cressida , an accomplished dancer , shows off her moves as she pulls some poses whilst modelling the new range.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- blues legend b.b. king was hospitalized for dehydration , though the ailment did n't keep him out for long. king 's dehydration was caused by his type ii diabetes , but he `` is much better , '' his daughter , claudette king , told the los angeles times. the legendary guitarist and vocalist released a statement thanking those who have expressed their concerns. '' no more information on king 's condition or where he was hospitalized was immediately available. b.b. is short for blues boy , part of the name he used as a memphis disc jockey , the beale street blues boy.
a gang of eight dug a 50m underground tunnel in an attempt to steal the ancient treasures inside a 1,400-year-old temple. the real-life tomb raiders began their daring plan by renting a restaurant across the road from guanghui temple in zhengdin county , north china at the start of february. audacious plot : a seven-metre deep tunnel , which led to a 50m-long underground passage , was discovered by police when they raided the gang 's property - across the road from guanghui temple. historical site : the temple dates back to the tang dynasty and the hua pagoda -lrb- pictured -rrb- is nationally protected.
a 73-year-old woman died in front of horrified family members after she was knocked over by a canadian tourist while visiting the great wall of china. cui hongfang , from heilongjiang province in north-eastern china , hit the back of her head on a corner of the stone wall after she collided with the 38-year-old canadian woman. police have ruled the tragedy an accident , although they are still investigating the circumstances of the chinese woman 's death. the victim 's husband told the beijing news that his wife was knocked over as the tourist ran down steps on a steep section of the wall on wednesday.
ryuichi kiyonari bettered the donington park lap record to take put his buildbase bmw on to pole start for the easter monday opening round of the mce british superbike championship. the japanese rider powered in a scorching time of one minute 29.455 seconds. ryuichi kiyonari bettered the donington park lap record to take put his buildbase bmw on to pole start. defending champion shane byrne , despite hand and ankle injuries he suffered last month during testing spain , completed the front row of the grid aboard the pbm kawasaki. the british rider finished less than a quarter of a second down.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- well , the thought experiments are finally over. hillary clinton 's online declaration for president means the focus will now shift to the campaign and to what kind of president she might be. should she win , clinton will add to her potential `` firsts '' : first woman president ; the first president who had been a first lady. there 's another one , too : the first secretary of state to become president since james buchanan. only a handful of the nation 's top diplomats have gone to the white house -lrb- thomas jefferson ; james madison ; james monroe ; john quincy adams ; martin van buren ; and buchanan -rrb-.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- fans of the late actor paul walker knew that watching him in `` furious 7 '' would be bittersweet. even so , many moviegoers said the final scenes of the new film , which earned a record $ 146 million over the weekend , still packed an emotional wallop. the tribute to paul walker was very well done , '' one woman said monday on twitter. hers was just one of a flood of messages on social media from people who said they got choked up during scenes featuring walker , who died at 40 in a car crash in november 2013 , before filming on `` furious 7 '' was completed.
do you have a question that is too personal to discuss with even your closest of friends ? do you have a question that is too personal to discuss with even your closest of friends ? a new app has come up with the perfect solution - talk through your problems with total strangers instead. newly launched app , honest , allows users to pose questions , remain anonymous and get feedback from fellow anonymous users. the personal dilemmas posted range from relationship questions such as ` i 'm getting married next week and i 'm having doubts , is that normal ? ' to questions about sexual dysfunction , career changes and secret crushes.
reality star linsey ` jade ' berardi has died aged 22. linsey starred in season 12 of bad girls club : chicago which aired in may 2014 on oxygen. the network confirmed her passing in a statement on friday : ` we are deeply saddened by the loss of linsey ` jade ' berardi , who appeared in season 12. ' scroll down for video. tragic : bad girls club star linsey ` jade ' berardi has died aged 22. ` our deepest sympathy and heartfelt thoughts go out to her family , friends and fans. ' she is reportedly survived by her parents , a brother , and a sister.
a queensland man has opened up about a very special friendship between him and his best mate - a crocodile called ` gregory '. mick tabone , 74 , who previously owned and ran johnstone river crocodile farm and zoo in far-north queensland first came across the 5.2 metre croc in 1989. rangers had already been trying to capture gregory , who had apparently been killing cattle in eubenangee swamp near mirriwinni , 70 kilometres south of cairns for years , when they asked for mr tabone 's help. mick tabone and gregory the crocodile shared a strong bond during their 20 year long friendship.
teasers for the itv programme -- which starts tonight at 9pm -- show the duke and duchess of cambridge worrying that their son has turned out a little , well , common. scroll down for video. ` rascal ' : a new satire puppet show sees prince george ` blinged-up ' with a tattoo , addressing a female doctor with ` oi , oi ! hello treacle ' a doctor is called to assess his condition and the young prince bounces on screen with a big , gold ` g ' pendant around his neck. the plotline plays off newspaper headlines which dubbed his mother kate the commoner.
a gay couple getting married this summer had their wedding plans featured on hillary clinton 's announcement that she is joining the race for the white house. democrat campaigners jared milrad and nate johnson , from chicago , illinois , claimed they were surprised to find out that their same-sex wedding plans were featured on sunday 's video announcing clinton 's 2016 bid. ' scroll down for videos. jared milrad -lrb- pictured right -rrb- and his fiancé nate johnson , who are campaigning democrats , were featured in hillary clinton 's video announcing her 2016 white house bid. the couple , who are planning a summer wedding , were featured walking hand in hand during clinton 's video to announce her 2016 bid for the white house.
stephanie scott 's devastated father has opened up about the grief her family is feeling as they struggle to come to terms with their daughter 's brutal murder , which took place just days before her much-anticipated wedding. the adored school teacher from leeton went missing on easter sunday and her body was found in nearby bushland the following friday. ms scott 's grieving father robert explained that it is especially painful that stephanie 's life has been taken away when she had so much to look forward to. scroll down for video. ms scott 's grieving father robert explained that it is especially painful that stephanie 's life has been taken away when she had so much to look forward to.
tony abbott may have thrilled players at an australian rules function by skolling a beer but he 's drawn the ire of anti-drinking campaigners who claim he 's glorifying binge drinking and associating being a man with drinking booze. julie robert , a cultural studies professor at the university of technology sydney , said it was ` problematic ' that the prime minister , who she believes should be advocating against binge drinking , thought it acceptable to ` showcase his masculinity ' by skolling a beer. scroll down for video. australian prime minister tony abbott was cheered on by a crowd of about 50 as he skolled a schooner of beer.
depraved militants fighting for the islamic state in syria have brutally stoned two gay men to death only seconds after they were photographed embracing and ` forgiving ' them. the shocking images were taken in isis-held territory in the province of homs and show the two accused men being savagely executed by up to four jihadis. shocking : the group of executioners made a display of hugging the blindfolded couple and telling them they were forgiven of their ` sins ' , before pummeling them to death with hundreds of fist-sized rocks. brutal : the shocking images were taken in isis-held territory in the province of homs and show the two accused men being savagely executed by up to four jihadis.
a personal injury claims company has collapsed after being fined # 80,000 for plaguing households with nuisance calls -lrb- file picture -rrb-. a personal injury claims company has collapsed after being fined # 80,000 by the privacy watchdog for plaguing households with nuisance calls. direct assist , based in bolton , lancashire , told one complainant that they were likely to be called for three years until they made a claim , despite repeated requests for their details to be removed. one elderly and deaf complainant said the callers left them in fear of answering the phone that they relied on to maintain contact with family.
just days after the former australian swimming champion 's unexpected comeback , grant hackett 's father has revealed that the sleeping pill addiction which ruined his son 's personal life and tarnished his career , was triggered by a death threat. former police inspector neville hackett said that his son had ` his life threatened by a well-known associate of criminals ' two years ago , leading the swimmer to immediately hop on a plane to his parent 's home in the gold coast. scroll down for video. grant hackett 's father has revealed the swimmer 's sleeping pill addiction was triggered by a death threat.
chelsea will try to add another trophy to their ever-expanding cabinet when the under 19 team take on shakhtar donetsk in the final of the uefa youth league on monday afternoon. adi viveash 's team will start as favourites in nyon , switzerland after their resounding 4-0 win over roma in the semi-finals on friday , a result which continued their free-scoring form in this competition. chelsea striker dominic solanke starred in his side 's emphatic 4-0 semi-final win over roma on friday. solanke has scored 11 uefa youth league games during chelsea 's route to the final in nyon , switzerland.
manchester united had four different scorers on sunday. at the start of the season i do n't think anyone would have thought that quartet would be anywhere near the team , let alone scoring vital goals in a huge manchester derby. with all that money flashing around you would have picked angel di maria over juan mata , marcus rojo over chris smalling and just about anybody over marouane fellaini and ashley young. people said mata was too slow but his brain is certainly quick enough. fellaini is now united 's go-to guy and smalling has improved. juan mata celebrates after scoring against manchester city , and he is part of louis van gaal 's ` fab four ' ashley young is another player that few would have expected to be a key part of van gaal 's plans.
a bar is under police investigation after a comedian discovered a secret two-way mirror hanging on a door across from the toilet in the women 's restroom. but despite public outrage the bar 's owner ronnie lottz told website jezebel he has no plans to get rid of it - even insisting that the mirror , which was initially set up as part of a halloween prank in 2001 , has brought his staff ` joy '. scroll down for video. comedian tamale rocks -lrb- left -rrb- discovered the two-way mirror in chicago bar cigars and stripes when she was performing there.
steve mcclaren 's derby side will make sure of a play-off place with victory at huddersfield provided wolves and brentford are both beaten. just two years on from winning the fa cup , wigan will be relegated if they fail to win at home to brighton -- although rotherham 's fa hearing for fielding an ineligible player could change things were they to be docked points. derby county can make sure of a play-off place with victory against huddersfield if other results go their way. bristol city boss steve cotterill said after his side sealed promotion : ` that 's great , but we have n't won the league yet and that is what i want.
the six-month-old foal was in a pitiful state. dumped on the side of a busy road outside southampton , emaciated and riddled with worms , he was shivering pitifully in the january chill and clinging to life by a thread. his rescuers called him rupert : a teddy bear name for a teddy bear temperament. despite what he has endured , rupert is a loving , affectionate soul who likes nothing more than to have the back of his head rubbed. sixteen-year-old elise , from eaton bray , bedfordshire , is just one of the many people finding that they can no longer keep up with the financial costs of keeping and looking after a horse.
it is always revealing to see how players respond to adversity and joe root has reacted magnificently to being left out of last year 's sydney test. i can remember players left out when i played having a moan in the dressing room and spouting nonsense about how they did not fit in. joe root showed plenty of grit , as well as talent , in yet another big innings for england. root has bounced back from a difficult ashes tour to prove himself as a quality test batsman. around four years ago i remember sitting next to graham thorpe on a bus journey and him quietly telling me that the young english batsman to watch out for was joe root.
these pictures show the moment a mercedes became sandwiched between two london buses following a four-vehicle pile-up in central london. two people were treated at the scene by paramedics following the crash in goodge street this morning. it forced the closure of the road near the junction with tottenham court road. scroll down for video. sandwiched : a mercedes , believed to have been operated as a minicab , became wedged between two london buses this morning. the four-vehicle crash happened in goodge street. long delays : the four-vehicle pile-up , which also involved an audi tt , forced the closure of the road near the junction with tottenham court road.
like many teenage girls , madison hurd had been dreaming of her prom all year. that is , until nurses and hurd 's friends brought prom right to her bed at the children 's hospital and medical center in omaha. after a sudden infection landed madison hurd , 16 , in the hospital and forced her to miss her high school 's prom , nurses and her friends brought the great gatsby-themed dance to her bed instead. nurses spent their day off doing hurd 's nails , makeup and hair , getting music and a cake , and decorating her room with streamers and balloons.
i raised my camera and began to photograph what could soon become an extinct pachyderm. the luxurious ulusaba game reserve is in south africa 's sabi sands and is sir richard branson 's private reserve. thankfully the female found my scrawny presence of absolutely no consequence , and instead wandered off in search of tastier herbivorous options. my mum -- sky tv presenter kay burley -- was sitting statue-still on board , having adopted her best nonchalant expression , but she was n't fooling either of us. the holiday at ulusaba , sir richard branson 's private game reserve in south africa 's sabi sands , was my reward for graduating.
with superfans already eagerly camped out at st. mary 's hospital ahead of kate middleton 's due date , it seems that the birth of prince george in 2013 did nothing to diminish the undeniable global fascination surrounding royal babies. international research firm , yougov , has conducted a poll asking the uk and the us their opinions on the second child , and it turns out , views are not too different. scroll down for video. william and kate are currently prepping for the birth of the second royal baby , which has spurred guesses on the sex and name.
council chiefs were condemned last night after claiming it was too dangerous to collect the roadside litter blighting britain. winchester council in hampshire said its annual clean-up of roads around the city had been hit by new health and safety executive rules designed to protect litter-pickers from traffic. but the hse denied tightening rules -- and said councils were ` over-interpreting ' legislation. last night , former poet laureate sir andrew motion , now president of the campaign to protect rural england , accused town hall bosses and the highways agency of ruining the countryside by failing to remove rubbish. he said : ` every day , people tell us that they are disgusted , angry and ashamed of the state of england 's roads.
robert downey jr has been accused of making a racist remark about an oscar-winning mexican director during an interview. the actor , who is promoting his new film avengers : age of ultron , was asked what he thought of alejandro gonzalez inarritu 's claim that superhero movies were ` cultural genocide '. it comes just three days after the 50-year-old , who plays iron man in the film , walked out of an interview with britain 's channel 4 after interviewer krishnan guru-murthy talked about his history of drug abuse and his time in prison. robert downey jr -lrb- left -rrb- has been accused of making a racist remark about oscar-winning mexican director alejandro gonzalez inarritu during an interview.
tom hanks ' wife rita wilson has revealed she was recently diagnosed with breast cancer and has undergone a double mastectomy and reconstructive surgery. the 58-year-old actress , who took a leave of absence from broadway play ` fish in the dark ' earlier this month , shared the news through a statement published by people magazine on tuesday. she explained that her first test for cancer came back negative but that she was correctly diagnosed after seeking a second opinion and underwent the procedure last week. scroll down for video. by her side : rita wilson , who is married to tom hanks -lrb- pictured together in february -rrb- , announced on tuesday that she was recently diagnosed with cancer and has undergone a double mastectomy.
it 's long been known that earthquakes and their seismic activity contribute to this ringing , but researchers have now proved ocean waves also play a role. as so-called short waves collide near the surface they create weak microseismic waves , which combine with long , more powerful waves dragging across the ocean 's floor to create the constant hum. it 's long been known that earthquakes contribute to making the earth ring like a bell , but researchers have now proved ocean waves also play a role. as short waves collide near the surface they create weak microseismic waves , which combine with long waves on the ocean 's floor to create a constant hum.
it started out as a sweet family moment on a day trip to the zoo : a little girl beating her chest at a gorilla , safely separated by a pane of glass. but it seems the silverback at the nebraska zoo was less amused. the massive animal - who had been standing at the back of the enclosure - clearly decides enough is enough , and runs at the onlookers. playful : the little girl can be seen in the window beating her chest at one of the gorillas. heavy : the gorilla throws his entire weight at the pane of glass at omaha 's henry doorley zoo.
aubrey de grey -lrb- pictured -rrb- says ageing is a ` disease that can and should be cured ' with his rasputin beard and lines etched deep into his forehead , aubrey de grey looks like a man a lot older than his 51 years. it sounds bonkers but de grey 's theories have gained him some high-profile supporters in silicon valley , the super-rich tech enclave in northern california that is home to more middle-aged billionaires than anywhere else on the planet. paypal boss peter thiel -lrb- worth # 1.5 billion -rrb- donated # 2.4 million to de grey 's anti-ageing institute strategies for engineered negligible senescence -lrb- sens -rrb-.
a striking picture , taken by photographer kenji wardenclyffe , captured the explosive moment during a melbourne protest against the ` islamisation ' of australia. the dramatic scenes occurred after reclaim australia , an anti-islam group , organised protests at major cities across australia , which were countered by anti-racism activists who held rallies in the same locations. the reclaim australia event in melbourne was also crashed by neo-nazis , who spectacularly clashed with anti-racism groups. scroll down for video. a number of men with shaved heads and tattoos of the swastika -lrb- left -rrb- appeared at the event and attempted to start a fight with anti-racism protesters -lrb- right -rrb-.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- as art , film stills are often overlooked. the photographers tend to be anonymous ; it 's easy to imagine their work done by the director or cinematographer. their images are often lumped in with the promotional machinery : whether documenting the stars frolicking on set or getting down to business , it 's just another form of salesmanship. it was a necessity in those early days , said john jacob , the editor of a new book of haas ' movie photography , `` ernst haas : on set. there 's a striking picture of orson welles in 1949 's `` the third man , '' hemmed in by the darkness in a way that suggests the shadowy themes of the classic film.
alliss , 84 , has said that legislation designed to stop golf clubs from discriminating against female members has instead prompted a decline in women 's membership. some clubs had previously only allowed female members if they played at restricted times in return for a discounted membership fee. but the equality act 2010 , drafted by the previous labour government , ruled that this was illegal discrimination , which means that women must now have equal access to the course -- and pay the same membership rates as men. mr alliss , a former professional who is one of the game 's most decorated players , claimed that tens of thousands of members of the ladies ' golf union have deserted the organisation since the rules came into force.
sir nick faldo will now know for sure whether rory mcilroy is bulking up too much after appearing to give the world no 1 a squeeze during monday 's practice round at augusta national. after mcilroy was on the cover of men 's health magazine and admitted he was ` obsessed with the gym ' , faldo , a three-time masters winner , voiced his concern that the 25-year-old was spending too much time on the weights. ' sir nick faldo puts a hand on rory mcilroy 's shoulder during monday 's practice round ahead of the masters. mcilroy and three-time masters champion faldo greeted each other with a handshake at augusta national.
this is also the home of girl with a pearl earring , the ` dutch mona lisa '. much more than a village : the parliament building stands proud in the hague - a hidden gem of a city. there is the escher gallery -lrb- devoted to that geometry-defying genius -rrb- , the contemporary art gemeentemuseum and more. he is right : the hague , despite being home to holland 's royal family and an eye-catching parliament , was classed as a village until louis bonaparte -lrb- napoleon 's brother and king of holland -rrb- set up here in 1806. the hague is home to one of the cornerstones of european art - vermeer 's girl with a pearl earring.
australian mp andrew robb bravely revealed one of the unusual methods he used for more a decade to stave off depression. the minister for investment and trade , who battled depression for 43 years , appeared on abc 's q&a program , and said he tried to trick himself into thinking he was happy with an unconventional approach. scroll down for video. australian mp andrew robb bravely revealed one of the unusual methods he used for more a decade to stave of depression. ' mr robb also said he would force himself to sneeze by looking at the sun - which causes him to sneeze - because it would give him a ` hit of endorphins '.
it had seemed likely to be the moment amateur jockey lewis ferguson had dreamt of -- a first win on his first ride for new boss , champion trainer paul nicholls. but as he approaches the final fence of the john dufosee memorial hunter chase at wincanton , clear leader merrion square swerves and he loses his balance. as merrion square cleanly jumps the fence alongside him , the 18-year-old rider 's waist collides with the fence with such force that he pivots. 18-year-old amateur jockey lee ferguson is flung from his horse in spectacular fashion at wincanton. the jockey from hawick is propelled into an almost perfect 360 degree trajectory.
angela spent many years wearing high heel shoes. though still a super-fit events organiser , the former over-50s all england badminton mixed doubles champion was reduced to hobbling at a snail 's pace , hanging onto her trolley for support. most women are well aware that wearing high heels for any length of time can result in sore feet , pinched toes and tight calf muscles. but a worrying new study by researchers in the u.s. suggests high heels can also put dangerous pressure on knee joints , wearing away cartilage - the body 's built-in shock absorber - and increasing the risk of osteoarthritis.
this too-close-for-comfort video shows a swirling ` landspout ' tornado tearing up the texas countryside from just 100 yards away. he took the footage with his friend ricky bailey while the two were out in a tractor on wednesday evening. scroll down for video. cole told local news station ktxs that he felt chunks of mud start hitting the vehicle , at which point the two hopped out and started filming. landspouts - the scientific term for tornadoes which are not part of a thunderstorm - can be difficult to capture on film. the wind formations tend not to last much longer than 15 minutes , and are too small-scale to appear on weather radars.
manchester united will have to wear nike kit during their summer tour of the us , despite their world-record deal with adidas. however , their existing deal with nike runs until the end of july and sportsmail understands there is no buy-out agreement that would allow the club to exit the agreement early has been agreed. manchester united will have to wear nike kit during their summer us tour , despite their new adidas deal. wayne rooney and co are expected to jet across the atlantic in july but will have to wear their old kit. adidas are the new sponsors in a # 750million deal but there is no buy-out clause in nike deal that ends in july.
a greedy mother who told a 13-year-old volunteer to ` f *** off ' was evicted from a family easter egg hunt after she took more than her fair share of chocolate treats. the woman in her mid - to late 30s , who is believed to have had two or three children participating , was at melbourne 's greatest ever easter egg hunt , which was run by zaidee 's rainbow foundation at caulfield racecourse on saturday. scroll down for video. a greedy mother at a charity easter egg hunt was booted out of the event after she swore at volunteers.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- jacob lawrence 's groundbreaking work , `` the migration of the negro , '' is a series of 60 small paintings with text depicting the lives of millions of pre-world war ii blacks as they moved from the oppressive south to the promise of a better life in the north. one frame in particular , no. 22 , shows three black men dressed in their sunday best , handcuffed , heads bowed standing in front of a window adorned with prison bars. `` another of the social causes of the migrants ' leaving was that at times they did not feel safe , or it was not the best thing to be found on the streets late at night.
all facebook users have them - those friends who are so in love with their newborn baby they clog up your news feed with constant doting updates. jade ruthven , 33 , of perth , western australia , was shocked when she found the scathing note claiming to be from ` a few of the girls ' , cruelly criticising her for posting photos of her six-month-old daughter addison on facebook. ` we all have kids that we are besotted with ... but we do n't ram it down everyone else 's neck !!! ' jade ruthven , 33 , of perth , western australia , was shocked when she found a scathing note criticising her for posting too many photos of her six-month-old daughter addison on facebook.
the kindness of a diner owner who offered a free meal to a homeless person who had been searching through her rubbish has gone viral. ashley jiron , owner of p.b. jams in warr acres , oklahoma , noticed that someone had been looking for food in the bins behind her restaurant and decided try and get in contact with them. the notice read : ` to the person going through our trash for their next meal , you 're a human being and worth more than a meal from a dumpster. ` please come in during operating hours for a classic pb & j -lsb- peanut butter and jam sandwich -rsb- , fresh veggies , and a cup of water at no charge.
comedian sarah silverman is encouraging women to understand their worth and ask for equal pay in a new campaign in which she recounts a time she was discriminated against because of her gender. the 44-year-old , who is known for her wicked sense of humor , gets serious for levo league 's ask4more campaign , which calls for women to request the salaries that they deserve in honor of equal pay day on april 14. but if you work a job , and a man is working the same job , you should be getting paid the same. ' scroll down for video.
when president obama met usain bolt he could not resist joining the world-class sprinter in striking his trademark ` lightning pose '. during the encounter on thursday , obama spoke about the six-time olympic champion saying ` nobody 's ever been faster than this guy. scroll down for video. when president obama -lrb- right -rrb- met usain bolt -lrb- left -rrb- he could not resist joining the world-class sprinter in striking his trademark ` lightning pose ' before striking bolt 's signature pose , obama praised him saying that ` nobody 's ever been faster ' bolt posted the video of him with obama to his instagram account on friday and said that he was honored to have met the u.s. president.
five time emmy-winning actress candice bergen , now 68 , confesses she was the highest paid actor in television for a lot of years after playing the title role in the hit cbs sitcom , murphy brown that ran for ten years starting in 1988. after the first year of the hit tv show , when she won the golden globe and emmy for best actress , her salary headed skyward for over ten years and she kept that fact a secret. financial secrets prevailed in her upbringing by her model / actress mother and her famous father , edgar bergen , best known for as ventriloquist who 's sidekick was dummy charlie mccarthy.
the worry for virgil van dijk is obvious. holland 's national team have already conceded more goals in five euro 2016 qualifiers than they lost in the entire qualifying campaign for the last world cup. and still guus hiddink never calls or writes. the celtic defender made it into two squads last year. virgil van dijk has been in fine form for celtic but was n't rewarded with a call-up to the holland national team. van dijk 's last call-up to the dutch side came last year though he has never been capped by his country. ` the better players were with their national teams.
eight coffins lined the stage of a maryland auditorium for the funeral services saturday for a family that died from carbon monoxide poisoning in their home earlier this month. the todd family - a 36-year-old father and his seven children aged six to 15 - were tragically killed as they slept in their princess anne home. father rodney todd was raising the children after divorcing their mother in november. scroll down for video. mourners file in as a viewing for rodney todd and his seven children is held on saturday at the ella fitzgerald performing arts center in princess anne , maryland.
that little voice inside your head that tells you to keep eating is , in fact , simply a cluster of around 10,000 brain cells. the new research , done on fish and mice , could someday lead to pills that will be able to quieten that voice or increase its volume. the research focused on pomc neurons , which are a structure called the hypothalamus , that send and receive signals to regulate appetite. on the left , images of normal hypothalamus pomc cells from a developing mouse. on the right : when the gene for the transcription factor is deleted , the cells no longer make it.
made famous by their ` matchy matchy ' style and twin-like looks -lrb- despite the five year age difference -rrb- , the melbourne based fashion duo jess , 22 , and stef , 27 , dadon are now set to take their crazy style collaborations to a new level. the sisters have teamed up with ` print all over me ' - an innovative online new york-based company that allows you to digitally design your own prints - and buffalo shoes , the brand behind the spice girls ' trademark platforms. scroll down for video. quirky collab : sister duo jess and stef dadon have teamed up with new york company ' print all over me ' cocktails and creativity : the sisters are heading to la soon for summer to launch new shoe line ` twoobs ' the photo-shoot was their own idea , which according to jess they ` threw together ' because they did n't think the collaboration on its own had enough of their signature look that is all about over-the - top colours and accessories.
jordan henderson has provided liverpool with a lift after their fa cup heartache by agreeing a new long-term contract. the club 's vice-captain had 14 months remaining on his current contract and his advisors had been in talks with liverpool since the beginning of this season. liverpool midfielder jordan henderson is set to sign a new long-term contract at anfield. henderson chases down aston villa 's jack grealish during liverpool 's fa cup semi-final defeat at wembley. henderson 's new deal is worth around # 100,000-a-week and will run until the summer of 2020. henderson , 24 , is the third big player in brendan rodgers ' squad to agree a contract extension , following on from daniel sturridge and philippe coutinho.
a woman driver in her 80s caused chaos when she drove the wrong way along the busy a13 in essex. the dual carriageway was shut for an hour on monday afternoon after she drove a red peugeot towards southend -- but on the london-bound stretch. some cars were forced into the central barrier and one man needed treatment for neck and back injuries. tailbacks : the dual carriageway was shut for an hour after the pensioner drove a red peugeot towards southend - but on the london-bound track. ` i 'd just changed into the left lane when ... all of a sudden in the right lane i could see this little old lady in her red car.
vanessa moe 's debut showing at mercedes benz fashion week australia sees her stand among some of our most iconic labels and style forecasters. scroll down for video. wearable ? vanessa moe 's debut collection at mercedes benz fashion week australia featured plastic bag-like headwear. one model , amanda ware , looked to have very little room to breathe , doing her best not to fog her vision for her turn down the runway. other pieces gave the illusion of water being thrown in the models ' faces. major distraction : glistening under the overhead lights , front row guests could n't drag their eyes away from the polarising and somewhat dangerous accessories.
a man finally freed satisfied a well-earned fast food craving by eating his first hamburger after being wrongfully imprisoned for 36 years. michael hanline , 69 , was convicted of murder for the fatal shooting of truck driver jt mcgarry in 1980 , and on wednesday a judge dismissed the charges against him. as he dug into his meal of a large mile high bacon cheeseburger with fries and a drink , it was a special moment for him. ' scroll down for video. michael hanline , 69 , who was wrongfully imprisoned for 36 years , was dismissed of charges on wednesday.
as unlikely as it sounds , ikea has promised to eliminate all of these worries , with their new virtual service , wedding online. they may be better known for their ready-to-assemble furniture , but the swedish company 's new service could revolutionise the way that couples tie the knot. scroll down for video. ikea 's new service , wedding online , allows couples to get virtually hitched and have guests attending from all over the world. ikea may be better known for their home furnishings -lrb- left -rrb- , but now , the company also hosts legally-binding weddings. even better , guests from all around the world can view the proceedings , as long as they have a webcam handy.
a prisoner who helped stab a man in a random attack has been posting photographs of himself posing in his cell on facebook - just a day after another inmate was filmed partying in jail. royston coates , who is serving a 10-year sentence for wounding , boasted about watching tv from prison and showed off his muscles in a string of pictures. it is the second such incident to emerge within two days , after a murderer was caught drinking prison hooch in a video he shared online. scroll down for video. jail : prisoner royston coates has posted a string of photographs from inside his jail cell.
andres iniesta has praised manchester united boss louis van gaal for helping him make the breakthrough into the barcelona first team. van gaal was barca manager when iniesta made his debut for the spanish club during the 2002-03 campaign , and the spain international has admitted he is grateful to van gaal for placing trust in him to make his senior debut. ' i think my first team debut was the most important day , iniesta told barcelona 's youtube channel. louis van gaal gave andres iniesta his barcelona debut during the 2002-03 season. iniesta reflected on his impressive career while speaking to barcelona 's youtube channel.
but fritz the golden retriever from california appears to lack any eye-mouth co-ordination skills , as a new video shows. the pooch was filmed wearing bunny ears this easter trying - and miserably failing - to catch a hard-boiled egg between his teeth. slow-motion footage shows him licking his lips and enthusiastically leaping up to catch the treat. however , despite his best efforts , the egg narrowly misses his jaw , bounces off his chest and hits the grass instead. a defeated fritz is then seen hanging his head low , with his bunny ears falling to the ground. the pup has made quite a name for himself with his poor catching skills.
a bathtub dangles at a crazy angle. this was susan house 's beloved home after a huge explosion ripped off two of the walls and left the rest of the property on the brink of collapse. susan house amazingly survived a huge gas explosion that ripped through her farmhouse - because she was out walking her dogs at the time. fire crews were called after a tremendous blast was heard , blowing the back wall and windows out and causing substantial damage to the roof. the 55-year-old 's house may be in ruins but she can count herself extremely lucky to be alive -- having left to take her dogs for a walk in the spring sunshine not long before the blast.
this week the world has been amazed by the story of a german pensioner who is pregnant with quadruplets at the age of 65. annegret raunigk , from berlin , is already a mother of 13 but decided to expand her family further after her youngest child told her : ' i want to have a little brother or sister. ' someone who understands annegret 's position well is britain 's older mother , sue tollefsen , from essex. scroll down for video. she gave birth to her only child , freya , in 2008 when she was aged 57. ` freya went through a period of wanting a sibling and i looked into fertility treatment to have another child but because i 've had health issues i decided not to push my luck , ' she said on today 's this morning.
charlie austin has revealed how his good mate joey barton ignored him on his first day at queens park rangers before realising his mistake - with the duo then becoming good friends. the striker has had a premier league debut season to remember and is being touted as a possible england debutant in the future after scoring 15 goals in the competition. charlie austin -lrb- left -rrb- and joey barton have become good friends despite their very early setback. ' ` he looked at me , just got in his car and drove off. ' qpr take on west brom , on saturday before travelling to fellow strugglers aston villa on tuesday , and austin knows his side ca n't afford to lose.
louis van gaal celebrated his derby demolition in style on sunday night as he was snapped with manchester city women 's players toni duggan and isobel christiansen in a restaurant. duggan has since removed the photo from instagram and issued an apology on facebook. her apology read : ' i would like to apologise to all mcfc fans for the error of judgement i made last night. ' i now appreciate the significance of my actions and can assure everyone connected with manchester city that i am proud to represent the club and wear the shirt. ' wing 's is the go-to place for footballers in manchester , with england and united captain wayne rooney among its regulars , but the only city stars in sight were duggan and christiansen.
adam rooney is determined to prevent a season of outstanding personal achievement from ending with a sting its tail. the prospect of watching celtic celebrate title glory inside pittodrie would , he admits , be a painful experience to bear. should the current eight-point gap between the teams remain intact , then ronny deila 's side will have the chance to clinch a fourth successive premiership crown when they head to the north-east on may 10. aberdeen striker adam rooney does not want to see celtic win the league on their patch on may 11. rooney , though , expects aberdeen to be fully motivated to prevent a green-and-white party from getting underway.
just how many water bottles does a man need when running ? if you 're the governor of the bank of england , the answer seems to be four. mark carney was spotted on a day off from helping to run the economy jogging in london 's hyde park sporting a high-tech running belt with no fewer than four water bottles. the keen runner , who training for the london marathon later this month , was wearing a nathan speed 4 fuel belt , which also features a zip pocket perfect for storing high-carb energy gel packs. the belt is available for $ 64.95 -lrb- # 35 -rrb- at kintec , a canadian sports retailer based in vancouver , suggesting mr carney , originally from canada , bought it before he moved to the uk.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- percy sledge , the r&b belter whose biggest hit , `` when a man loves a woman , '' became a cornerstone of soul music , died tuesday. sledge died in baton rouge , louisiana , said stephanie price of the east baton rouge parish coroner 's office. sledge died of natural causes , said east baton rouge parish coroner dr. william clark. he had been in hospice care for cancer , clark added. over a mournful , slowly rising instrumental track provided by organist spooner oldham , drummer roger hawkins and guitarist marlin greene -- key musicians of what became the muscle shoals sound , heard on countless soul records -- sledge crooned , pleaded and roared his way through the tune.
ashleigh sokie was asked to wash the singer 's shirt and underwear while he was staying in augusta in georgia for the us masters , and then decided to try them on for size herself. scroll down for video. ashleigh sokie was asked to wash one direction 's niall horan 's clothes and responded by trying on his polo shirt and posting a picture of herself wearing it -lrb- left -rrb- , next to a photo of the star wearing the same item -lrb- right -rrb-. the picture prompted a storm on twitter as fans criticised miss sokie , while others voiced their envy at her closeness to the singer.
mr tuckett says his customers love the model t - the first affordable mass-produced car - because they do n't require need road tax or an mot and are cheaper to maintain than a modern car , with each one selling for around # 10,000. scroll down for video. toot : second-hand car dealer neil tuckett -lrb- pictured -rrb- has turned his back on the modern vehicle and only sells henry ford 's famous model t. yours for # 13,500 : this 1917 model t is on the market and like all the classic cars they do n't require road tax or a mot.
the behaviour of dutch natural scientist antoni van leeuwenhoek was nothing if not eccentric. in 1677 , at the age of 41 , he embarked on an extraordinarily gruesome experiment , using his body as a guinea pig. antoni van leeuwenhoek -lrb- pictured in a portrait -rrb- used his body as a guinea pig in an experiment. he took three lice , nestled them among the hairs of his calf , rolled up a tight stocking so that the insects were bound to his leg and then left the stocking on and did not bathe for six days. on the seventh day , he removed the stocking and counted more than 80 eggs but no young lice.
lionel messi 's foot swelling is still a concern for barcelona after the argentine star missed both games for his country during the international break , and he now faces tests to determine whether he will be fit to tackle celta vigo on sunday. the worries about messi 's fitness make the front cover of spanish paper sport , who say that the four-time ballon d'or winner wants to play as his side look to close in on the la liga title. team-mate gerard pique had spoken of his optimism regarding messi 's chances of playing on saturday but it seems far from certain with as labelling him a ` doubt '.
michael phelps is aiming to compete in a fifth olympics next year in rio , although the 18-time olympic champion wo n't swim in the world championships this summer. phelps confirmed his intention to make one last run at the olympics on wednesday. ` you guys heard it here first , ' he told reporters at skyline aquatic center , where he will be competing in his first meet since serving a six-month suspension by usa swimming after a second drunken driving arrest last fall. ' 18-time olympic champion michael phelps is aiming to compete in a fifth olympics next year in rio.
a photographer captured an intimidating site as he parachuted off the coast of south florida last week. photographer john massung was flying over sebastian inlet on thursday when he saw hundreds of sharks swarming just 100 feet from the beach. worst nightmare : a swarm of sharks was spotted off the coast of south florida last thursday. stay out of the water : when the following pictures were posted to facebook , users theorized that the swarm was a mix of blacktip and spinner sharks. swarm : blacktip and spinner sharks migrate each year to breed in shallower waters. they were heading north , ' massung told nbc miami.
the father of the little girl who starred in a photograph that sent the internet into a frenzy because of a mystery pair of boots has ` no idea ' what the object could be. martin springall , 38 , photographed his young daughter - who he wished not be named - standing near a rocky outcrop in zushi , japan , in july 2014. a trick of the light or paranormal forces at play ? there is chatter online about what the cause of this apparent black boot apparition is. the reddit user who posted the controversial image online suggested they could be samurai boots - although others are not so sure.
an indian-style bungalow that was built in sussex in the victorian era and preserved to maintain its 1880s facade has gone on the market for # 1million. pleasaunce cottage in dormans park near east grinstead has been lovingly upheld to how its first owners intended it in the 19th century. with wood paneling on indoor ceilings and a large veranda at its front , the unique property is one of the first ever bungalows built in the country. pleasaunce cottage in dormans park in east grinstead has gone on sale for almost # 1million. the property is one of the last surviving bungalows in britain that were built on the design of victorian houses in india.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- one year after it was perpetrated , the kidnapping of nearly 300 schoolgirls by a jihadist group in nigeria remains a crime almost too horrifying to comprehend : hundreds of teenaged girls , just finishing school , destined perhaps for significant achievement -- kidnapped , never to be seen again. `` this crime has rightly caused outrage both in nigeria and across the world , '' the country 's president-elect , muhammadu buhari , said tuesday in marking the anniversary. our thoughts and prayers , and that of the whole nigerian nation , are with you today. '' the girls were abducted on the night of april 14-15 , 2014 , in the town of chibok , in northeastern nigeria , about a two-hour drive from the border with cameroon.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- malala yousafzai 's stellar career has included a nobel peace prize. a nasa astrophysicist has named an asteroid after the teenage education activist from pakistan , who was gravely wounded by a pakistani taliban gunman for promoting the right of girls ' to go to school. it took a meticulous medical response to save her life more than two years ago. but malala recovered with no serious neurological damage to become a powerhouse for her cause. after reading her story , scientist amy mainzer , who also consults for pbs on a children 's educational science show , decided malala deserved to be immortalized.
there are only three countries in the entire world where you are more likely to have a female boss than a male boss. a study by us research firm , expert market , looking at data from the international labour organisation -lrb- ilo -rrb- revealed that jamaica is the country where you 're most likely to have a female boss. jamaica , colombia and saint lucia , all relatively close to each other , have the highest percentage of female managers in the world. the world , organised and rated by the percentage of female bosses in the workforce. the caribbean island had the world 's highest percentage , at nearly 60 per cent.
shane dunn , 25 , from tunbridge wells , stabbed victim ian garrod , 55 , in the neck after meeting on the gay dating app grindr. a drug-fuelled thug calling himself ` gypsy lad ' slashed a middle-aged man around the throat with a kitchen knife after meeting him on the gay dating app grindr. shane dunn , 25 , from tunbridge wells , kent , carried out the attack after going back to ian garrod 's home in medway for sex in september last year. dunn , who was high on class a mephedrone , then left mr garrod in fear of his life , before fleeing from the property with his victim 's wallet , iphone , ipad and jewellery.
the eminent plastic surgeon who treated acid attack victim katie piper molested another patient after getting drunk in his surgery , a tribunal was told yesterday. mohammad ali jawad , 56 , allegedly dimmed the lights , shut the blinds and asked her to dance to the music of julio iglesias before massaging her neck and touching her breasts. today a medical tribunal heard how he allegedly molested another patient at his surgery in marylebone , central london after getting drunk. the woman , known as patient a , told a hearing considering dr jawad 's fitness to practise that when she went to him for a consultation about treatment for facial scarring , she took a bottle of vodka from her native poland as a gift.
lewis hamilton has come under fire for spraying a hostess in the face with champagne after winning the chinese grand prix in shanghai on sunday. the reigning world champion won his second race in three to start the 2015 season , but his podium celebrations have drawn some criticism. lewis hamilton celebrates winning the chinese grand prix by spraying a hostess in the face with champagne. the hostess looks less than impressed as she is sprayed with champagne on the podium in shanghai. roz hardie , chief executive of object , a campaign on media sexism and ` sex object culture ' , said : ` the photographs appear to show that the woman is not just being splashed , but that the champagne is being very specifically directed into her face , which does not look like a voluntary piece of horseplay on her part.
gemma the pit bull was filmed at home in california being fed some treats. but in a bid to trick her , her owner throws a broccoli spear into the mix. immediately the canine pulls a look of disgust as she chomps on the vegetable. when she 's not filling her face , other videos show gemma enjoys sleeping and hanging out with her human family. yuck : gemma the pit bull was filmed at home in california being fed some treats , but in a bid to trick her , her owner throws a broccoli spear into the mix. not a broccoli fan : immediately the canine pulls a look of disgust as she chomps on the vegetable - she then proceeds to spit it out on the floor .
` my , my ! at waterloo napoleon did surrender , ' sang sweden 's fab four in their famous eurovision song contest winner. if benny and bjorn actually laboured under this surrendering misapprehension when they wrote their song -lrb- songwriters are not hot on facts -- happy to say anything as long as it rhymes -rrb- , they would have discovered the truth when they subsequently paid a visit to the wellington museum in waterloo , just south of brussels in belgium. view of hougoumont farmhouse from the lion 's mound or butte du lion on the battlefield of waterloo , belgium.
president barack obama invited the super bowl champion new england patriots to the white house on thursday - but could n't help but get one last deflategate joke in. the president opened his speech on the south lawn by remarking ` that whole -lrb- deflategate -rrb- story got blown out of proportion , ' referring to an investigation that 11 out of 12 footballs used in the afc championship game were under-inflated. ' scroll down for video. boo ! hiss ! president barack obama elicited groans and a thumbs down from head coach bill belichick after cracking a deflategate joke while honoring the super bowl champion new england patriots.
right now , you may feel that you know the inside of david cameron 's kitchens -- yes , both of them -- better than your own. two weeks ago the prime minister let the bbc film him preparing lunch at his home in his oxfordshire constituency. scroll down for video. breakfast time : david and samantha cameron talk to their nine-year-old son elwen in tonight 's itv film. making a point : mr cameron chats with his children over the no 10 breakfast table during the itv show. and tonight you can see the downing street kitchen all over again as they once more gather round the breakfast table -lrb- white marble and costing # 750 -rrb- , this time for the cameras of itv news.
scottish golfer carly booth took to instagram to show off her impressive bikini body , as she posted the revealing selfie to her 9,778 followers. the 22-year-old is currently in mauritius for a photo shoot with golf punk magazine and has been keen to show off her assets while away. ' carly booth poses with her golf club as she takes part in the golf punk magazine photo shoot in mauritius. booth posted photos on her instagram showing off her impressive bikini body while on the indian ocean island. the scot is n't shy in front of the camera after stripping off for espn magazine body issue and being photographed naked.
forget chicken fingers and fries -- neil patrick harris and david burtka 's twins prefer much more foodie-approved fare than the average four-year-old. in a recent interview , david , 39 , explained how being a personal chef and graduate of the famed le cordon bleu cooking school has helped him to influence his children 's culinary tastes. they have incredible palates. ' scroll down for video. shared duties : chef david does most of the cooking in the harris-burtka house , but neil serves as bartender for company and helps david create the perfect presentation. while david said he most often serves grilled fish , ceviche , and quesadillas , he noted that his children each have their own personal favorites as well.
forget the must-have wine cellar , hot-tub or # 1,700 italian coffee-maker -- the latest domestic fashion is for private home cinemas. celebrities with a home cinema include the sherlock actor benedict cumberbatch , retail tycoon sir philip green and chelsea fc owner roman abramovich. forget the must-have wine cellar , hot-tub or # 1,700 italian coffee-maker -- the latest domestic fashion is for private home cinemas. a planning application submitted for their 1860s home in london 's holland park shows drawings for a lower-groundfloor ` cinema room '. and the word ` cinema ' -- suggestive of a large scale -- is entirely appropriate.
but what appears to be the final resting place of childhood toys is , in fact , a hospital where dolls in need of repair are given a new lease of life. the hospital of dolls , or ospedale delle bambole as it is known in rome , was built by the squatriti family 60 years ago and today their descendants , federico squatriti , 52 , and his 82-year-old mother gelsomina continue the family tradition. scroll down for video. painstaking : gelsomina squatriti , 82 , works to restore a doll 's leg in the studio in rome , italy , which was set up 60 years ago by her relatives.
a melbourne based couple learnt this the hard way after a crowdfunding page they launched received a baffling pledge for over $ 2 billion. within an hour , the momentous donation to a kangaroo preservation project launched by ecologists euan ritchie and jen martin had vanished , and they still have n't been able to track down the would-be benefactor. scroll down for video. euan ritchie and jen martin 's crowdfunding page they launched received a baffling pledge for over $ 2 billion. ' the couple decided to make the page after indigenous tribes from the northern territory told them kangaroos from the region were disappearing at an alarming rate.
pele and franz beckenbauer were reunited on friday to light up the empire state building in new york cosmos green ahead of the start of the new season. as has become tradition , the top of the iconic building in new york has turned green for the weekend to celebrate the start of cosmos ' north american soccer league season , and the occasion was marked by two very special guests. beckenbauer and pele are two of the greatest footballers ever to have lived , and the pair played for new york cosmos together in the late 1970s. franz beckenbauer -lrb- left -rrb- and pele -lrb- centre -rrb- were reunited in new york on friday afternoon.
petrol heads suffering top gear withdrawals will be pleased to know the car show-sized hole in their lives will soon be filled by the return of for the love of cars for a second series. the channel 4 programme , hosted by actor philip glenister and car designer ant anstead , celebrates the duo 's love affair with classic cars. a teaser from the first episode shows glenister -- perhaps most recognisable behind the wheel of a red audi quattro while playing gene hunt in ashes to ashes -- test driving an aston martin vantage. revving the engine before taking off at speed around a winding country road , glenister appears to wipe the colour from anstead 's face before stating : ` this is bond.
a mother who spent months feeling unwell was horrified to discover she probably had cancer - after spotting all her symptoms on a facebook post. laura everley , 36 , had experienced bloating , lower back pain and constipation over a three-month period. but having previously suffered irritable bowel syndrome and endometriosis , she put the symptoms down to those conditions. it was only when she stumbled across a post on her facebook timeline , which detailed all the same symptoms , that she realised it could be cancer. tests later revealed she had an aggressive ovarian tumour - and the disease had begun to spread.
richie benaud has passed away at the age of 84 after a short battle with skin cancer but the man who spoke with an unrivalled blend of insight , authority and wit from commentary boxes at cricket matches across the globe will always be remembered. here , sportsmail recounts 10 of his finest moments from his broadcasting career. richie benaud , one of cricket 's great personalities , has died at the age of 84 after battling skin cancer. 1. benaud was on hand to talk viewers through shane warne 's first test delivery for australia in england in the 1993 ashes , which turned out to be a stunning dismissal of mike gatting.
a new york taxi driver has been ordered to pay a lesbian couple $ 10,000 in damages after he told them to stop kissing in the back of his cab. mohammed dahbi discriminated against actress kassie thornton and her tv executive partner christy spitzer after ordering them to ` keep that behavior for the bedroom '. outraged : mohammed dahbi was accused of discrimination after ordering actress kassie thornton and her tv executive partner christy spitzer to stop kissing and ` keep that behavior for the bedroom '. he was ordered to pay the couple $ 10,000 in fines. but according to dnainfo new york , judge john spooner disagreed and ordered him to pay the fine.
one of britain 's biggest babies has been born - to a mum who asked for no pain relief. brave danielle davies gave birth to harley at nearly 12lb following an eight hour labour without any drugs. danielle had insisted on a natural birth - not realising she was about to deliver a massive baby. scroll down for video. newborn harley from morecambe , lancs , weighs 11lb 5oz , and already fits into clothes designed for babies aged three to six months. new mum danielle , 21 , said : ` all the midwives could n't believe how big he was , he was the talk of the hospital.
but in one residential street , a local refuse collector has been exposed as a rogue litterer , dumping plastic bin bags in an alleyway. his antics were captured on cctv installed by frustrated residents in oldham , manchester , who had noticed the rubbish piling up. residents confused over who had been dumping bags full of rubbish in an alley next to their street were stunned when cctv revealed a binman. rather than load the bags into his lorry , the bin man was filmed lifting them out of dustbins along park road in glodwick before tossing them down an alley.
a woman who chartered her own weightloss success with body selfies found it so beneficial , she launched an app offering others the chance to do the same thing. charlotte li , 26 , from london , decided to design healthy selfie with her husband joe after they both achieved incredible results taking photos of their bodies while on a health kick. scroll down for video. charlotte reveals how taking selfies helped her to stay motivated to get fit and stay in shape. ` that motivation came in the form of stripping down to my bra and pants , and taking my first body selfie.
the pair mischievously claimed that donegal 's seaside town was their destination of choice for a post-olympic break following their respective bronze medal wins at london 2012 , but they have certainly travelled far and wide during the current olympiad. barnes may have already been well known in ireland prior to their achievements in london , but taking up his part in a charming double act with conlan only endeared him further to a nation that unfortunately only flirts with the amateur version of the sport every four years before medallists appear on homecoming flights. conlan -lrb- leff -rrb- lands a right jab on matthew martin during his bantamweight bout in glasgow in 2014.
a hilarious note left by a chip shop owner for his customers when he went on holiday with his wife has gone viral. this is the hilarious note which was left in a chip shop window was circulated on twitter this week , in it the owner of the chip shop laments the fact that he was going youth hosteling. in black pen he writes : ` this shop will be closed for 1 week. ` personally i think we will all be bored to tears. fish and chips is a traditional british dish often enjoyed with tomato ketchup and mushy peas.
the saviour of english football turns out to be a long-haired argentinian who tripped michael owen to give away the penalty that david beckham converted in the 2002 world cup finals. mauricio pochettino , 43 , who has long since lost the flowing locks in favour of something a little more in keeping with his managerial status , has gathered a considerable reputation since arriving in england just over two years ago. mauricio pochettino could be the saviour of english football thanks to his faith in homegrown talent. the argentine has gathered a considerable reputation since arriving in england just over two years ago.
his boxing showdown with manny pacquiao may be edging closer but floyd mayweather showed no sign of nerves as he splashed out on a $ 210,000 mercedes-maybach s600 to add to his fleet of sports cars. mayweather goes head-to-head with boxing rival pacquiao on may 2 in a blockbuster that has been billed as the most anticipated fight in years. and mayweather , who is expected to get # 120million for the fight , took time away from the boxing ring as he posted a video via his instagram page showing off the latest member of his sports car collection. mayweather works to the body with co-trainer nate jones in front of a huge crowd at his gym.
jose mourinho 's return was the answer to john terry 's prayers. mourinho said sunday 's game at the emirates was the best terry had ever played. that was a pat on the back for his captain but also justification for mourinho 's faith in playing him. terry is in a real purple patch and his reading of the game is better than ever. all of their good work means he is in prime position each time to make the telling tackle or interception. john terry -lrb- left -rrb- was in inspiring form in the chelsea defence as his side kept a clean sheet against arsenal.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- the first daughter to be married from the hit reality show `` 19 kids and counting '' has also become the first mother. people magazine reports that jill -lrb- duggar -rrb- dillard gave birth monday to a 9-pound , 10-ounce son she and husband derick have named israel david. jill 's parents , jim bob and michelle duggar , posted a video of the new family on their official facebook page. dillard , who is a student midwife , said she gave herself two due dates and was prepared for the wait. her super-sized family and their lives have been well-documented on their tlc series , including jill and derick 's wedding on june 21.
steve peters , the sports psychiatrist called on by a number of top stars , will play a key role in keeping troubled england batsman jonathan trott focused in the caribbean. trott has made a nightmare return to the test side 18 months since situational anxieties saw him quit the ashes tour -- falling cheaply in both innings in the first test in antigua and finding his ` on the move ' batting technique under strong scrutiny. jonathan trott has endured a nightmare return to test cricket with some poor performances in the first test. but the double failure will be a big challenge for trott , with peters 's assistance , to continue ` to keep a proper prospective on life and cricket ' which he said he was doing before the test , rather than having ` unrealistic expectations about his batting , ' which he had in australia.
shaun bryan - who was the intended target of the shot which paralysed little thusha kamaleswaran in 2011 - was jailed for another crime this week. the criminal who dodged the bullet that paralysed five-year-old thusha kamaleswaran in a botched gangland hit has been jailed. shaun bryan , 23 , was the intended target of the shooting that shocked the nation in march 2011. bryan has now been jailed for a separate crime in which he and an accomplice subjected two women to a ` ruthless attack ' in their home in croydon , south london on december 17 last year.
children as young as three are being asked to sign a contract pledging not to use transphobic language at school. the pledge is contained in a ` home-school agreement ' which all children must sign before they start at turnham primary school in september. each child must print their name and provide a signature to confirm that they understand their ` responsibilities ' while attending the school. anti-bullying : turnham primary school - led by executive headteacher selina sharpe - sent out an agreement for all new children to sign before they start in the new academic year. it is understood that teachers at the south-east london school introduced the document to help stamp out playground prejudice against transgender people and a wide range of disabilities and cultures.
he is a world cup winner , spanish football legend , and one of the most recognisable faces in the classy barcelona cf outfit. and now tourists are being offered the chance to walk in the footsteps of andrés iniesta after he listed his beautiful spanish vineyard on airbnb. the world class midfielder took to twitter to advise that his the ` bodega iniesta ' vineyard he owns in castilla-la mancha can be rented out. spain and barcelona midfielder andrés iniesta is renting out his vineyard on airbnb. there is one bathroom and one bedroom at the charming little property , with other facilities including a kitchen , an indoor fireplace , wi-fi and parking provided.
it was a case of so near , yet so far for the queen today as she roared on her filly , ring of truth , at newbury today. unfortunately for her majesty , her horse was narrowly pipped to the post - prompting a brief look of horror and a rueful smile from her owner. oh no ! the queen allows herself a look of horror as ring of truth is narrowly pipped to the post. one is not amused : the queen briefly looks glum before smiling at her second place finish. newbury racecourse is currently hosting the dubai duty free spring trials , one of the most prestigious dates on the flat racing calendar.
a mother-of-three has been forced to remortgage her home after years of dental treatment left her mouth looking like an ` oral bombsite '. rose devereux , 49 , was left in agony and disfigured after years of alleged incompetent treatment. pictures show her bottom row of teeth virtually destroyed by terrible gum disease and crowns covering a similar disaster on the top row. rose devereux , 49 , was left in agony and disfigured after years of alleged incompetent treatment. the general dental council has investigated the work of janakan siva at the menlove dental practice in allerton , liverpool.
five-month-old elijah is ` the happiest baby ever ' , according to his mother. but doctors say he probably wo n't live to see his second birthday because of a fatal genetic illness. his heartbroken mum jessica and dad andrew mccrae have pledged to do everything they can to make sure the little boy from penrith , in sydney 's west , lives a full life , compiling a 30-item bucket list for their son to complete before he passes away. from a road trip to queensland to watching the sunrise and set with him , jessica told daily mail australia the family are planning to show elijah as much of the world as they can in his final days.
and yet just as this latest health food is supposed to be transforming our lives , battling high cholesterol and heart attacks , it is having a ruinous effect on the planet. the nut that frequently appears in the bible as a symbol of fruitfulness and promise has been dubbed ` the devil 's nut ' , pinpointed as the chief culprit in an eco-disaster that is developing in california. the so-called golden state is increasingly turning a dirty brown colour due to a devastating drought that is in its fourth year. although it 's tempting to blame all those irresponsible californians filling their huge swimming pools and watering their lawns with abandon , domestic water consumption is dwarfed by that of agriculture.
blackpool chairman karl oyston took a surprising step in denying five football association charges for text messages during which he labelled a supporter a ` retard '. the unpopular chief initially had until march 30 to reply , but was granted an extension. his appeal is expected to be heard by a separate fa panel next month and oyston still faces a ban from football activities. blackpool chairman karl oyston has decided to contest his fa charge for allegedly abusive text messages. the shocking text messages , seen by sportsmail , emerged just before christmas when he sent a series of vitriolic volleys to fan stephen smith , who he told to ` enjoy the rest of your special needs day out '.
when jade walters loaned out her beloved horse magic to help a young girl learn to ride , she did n't realise she would never see him again. miss walters , 21 , was horrified to discover that the family looking after magic had sold him at auction for just # 200. jade walters , 21 , was shocked to discover the family she loaned her beloved pet horse magic to had sold the animal -lrb- pictured right and left being ridden by miss walters -rrb- for # 200. selling a horse at auction is notoriously risky -- bidders are not vetted and some horses are bought for slaughter.
filipe luis insists he wants to stay at chelsea until the end of his contract , despite atletico madrid considering bringing him back in the summer. the full back signed a three-year contract when he moved from the spanish champions last july , but has struggled to make the left back position his own at stamford bridge. atletico hope that may give them leverage , but luis said : ` i 'm happy at chelsea. ' filipe luis insists he wants to stay at chelsea -lrb- right -rrb- , despite atletico madrid considering re-signing him. luis played in brazil 's friendly wins against france and chile during the international break , but attentions now turn to the premier league title run-in.
luca railton , 11 , was told he would never walk - but has now taken his first steps unaided. an 11-year-old boy told he would never walk has taken his first steps unaided thanks to pioneering treatment in the us. luca railton was born with bones missing from his legs , due to the rare condition bilateral tibial hemimelia. doctors said the condition - which affects just one in three million people - meant he would to have his right leg amputated or fused straight. instead , they began desperately trying to find other suitable treatments , and eventually found an american surgeon called dr dror paley , who assured luca 's parents his leg could be saved.
it 's the ultimate treat for benedict cumberbatch fans and stands an imposing 6ft tall - just like the man himself. but shoppers at london 's westfield stratford city shopping centre looked more than a little surprised to discover a chocolate sculpture of benedict cumberbatch in their midst. scroll down for video. finishing touches : the sculpture is readied for its big unveiling at westfield stratford city shopping centre. even less impressed was the shopper who stood stony-faced in front of the creation for several moments , while another burst into laughter as soon as she spotted it. it did , however , prove an immediate hit with a pair of police sniffer dogs who wagged their tails as they gave it a thorough sniffing down.
italians embrace the cricket world cup -lrb- yes , really -rrb- , a neville takes charge of england and it 's not looking good for the rickies. cricket world cup. a spellbinding tournament that reached in to places we could n't have imagined , last weekend 's gazzetta dello sport magazine in italy even carried a centre spread photograph of australia 's david warner. from melbourne to milan ... they all knew about australia 's triumph in the cricket world cup. much disdain from the establishment for the new ecb chief 's talk of four-day test matches but at least he 's thinking.
kevin pietersen has thrown his support behind former team-mate michael vaughan as the right man to ` change the brand of cricket currently being played ' in england. ten years on from his career-defining captaincy in the 2005 ashes , vaughan is the hot favourite to be appointed as director of england cricket , a streamlined version of the managing director 's job which was abolished with paul downton 's sacking on wednesday. former england batsman kevin pietersen believes michael vaughan is the right man to lead england cricket. pietersen received the lion 's share of attention during a photocall for his new club surrey.
pictures of the australian man reportedly facing the death penalty for smuggling ice in china have emerged. the man , ibrahim jalloh , along with another australian , bengali sherrif , were reportedly arrested at guangzhou airport in june 2014. sherrif has already been sentenced to death , according to the abc. australian man ibrahim jalloh is awaiting trial after reportedly being arrested attempting to smuggle drugs in china. it is believed sherrif 's sentence could be reduced to life in prison if it is decided he has been well-behaved during his first two years in prison. jalloh 's trial is reportedly yet to commence.
she 's a professional equestrienne and was happy to have a go at wheelchair rugby , a sport nicknamed ` murder ball ' , during last september 's invictus games. now zara tindall , 33 , has turned her hand to barrel-pulling - and laughingly pretended to pull her 16st 6ft rugby player husband mike along while striking a pose for the cameras. the moment came during a charity event to mark the end of personal trainer rob edmond 's marathon barrel-roll from perthshire to wiltshire. edmond , who set off nine days and 517 miles ago , rolled the whisky barrel for 12 hours a day , only stopping to sleep and take part in comedy gigs at pubs along the way.
a family in far eastern russia has adopted an orphaned bear cub which was found alone after its mother was likely killed by poachers. the shcherbakov family has been caring for the cub , which is unable to survive on its own , since it wandered up to their house gate three weeks ago. the shcherbakov family adopted the bear cub after it wandered up to the gate at their home in tulun , russia. the family matriarch -lrb- pictured -rrb- feeds the bear porridge and milk from a refashioned beer bottle. the bear , nicknamed mishutka , may be a cute little cub right now , but he will soon grow to become a massive beast that will pose a danger to the family and become expensive to feed and shelter.
bikram yoga improves mindfulness , flexibility , strength , muscle tone and general fitness , advocates boast. but a new study has warned the practise , which involves performing 26 poses , can raise a person 's body temperature and heart rate to dangerous levels. a typical session lasts for 90 minutes and is performed in a room heated to 40 °c -lrb- 105 °f -rrb- , with 40 per cent humidity. scroll down for video. scientists at the university of wisconsin-la crosse have warned that bikram yoga , which involves 26 poses performed in a room heated to 40 °c -lrb- 105 °f -rrb- , raises the risk of participants suffering heat stroke.
fighting between rival fans forced a russian premier league match between arsenal tula and torpedo moscow to be stopped for seven minutes on sunday. a statement on arsenal 's official site read : ` in the 31st minute , fans from the visiting moscow club broke down barriers in front of the visitors sector and tried to get to the east stand , where a number of women and children were sitting. fans fight leading to arsenal tula vs torpedo moscow to be suspended for seven minutes on sunday. torpedo moscow fans broke down barriers and threw chairs , according to arsenal tula 's website.
we 've seen hot dudes reading , hot dudes drinking coffee , and even hot dudes posing like cats -lrb- yes this is a real thing , ask google. but a new instagram account gives them all a run for their money by showcasing buff , often topless , men cuddling their adorable pet pups. scroll down for video. new instagram account hot dudes with dogs features men looking hot while posing with dogs. the account was started by writer kaylin pound and relies on submissions via direct messages. now boasting 148,000 followers , the account relies on submissions via direct messages , and is dedicated to finding and posting images of the hottest guys with the cutest pups they can possibly find.
a woman 's noisy neighbour has issued a withering reply to her hand-written letter complaining about his hard-partying ways , claiming only the deaf and ` those buried in the cemetery ' would have any concerns with the noise coming for his home. the man 's sarcastic response comes after melbourne-based actor , lucy gransbury , wrote a two-page rant claiming her neighbours were keeping her awake at night. scroll down for video. he went onto apologise for the the ' music festivals and comedy galas ' and added that the deaf man and those buried in the cemetery 4kms away , that gransbury had referred to , awake occasionally.
the easter holidays mean days off work and a chance to spend precious time with the family. scotland. keep your little ones entertained for hours with probably the world 's largest easter egg hunt in the maze at traquair castle. scotland 's oldest inhabited castle also hosts drumming and singing , egg decorating , storytelling and an easter bonnet parade. little monkeys can perfect their mischief making skills with an easter weekend of merriment , mirth and tomfoolery at stirling castle. free with entry to the castle -lrb- from # 8.70 -rrb- ; april 3 and 4 ; stirling castle ; stirling castle , castle esplanade , stirling , fk8 1ej ; 01786 450 000 ; stirlingcastle.gov.uk.
the wedding of the year in scotland takes place on saturday when british no 1 and two-time grand slam champion andy murray marries kim sears , his girlfriend of almost 10 years , in his hometown of dunblane. murray and sears , both aged 27 , met when the pair were teenagers during the us open in 2005. murray was playing in only his second grand slam tournament , while sears was travelling with her tennis coach father nigel. andy murray kisses his new girlfriend kim sears in the crowd after winning his first atp world tour title in san jose in february 2006.
chelsea 's eden hazard and arsenal 's santi cazorla are set to reach a premier league milestone this weekend when they each make their 100th appearance. both players have been hugely influential since they moved to london in the summer of 2012 , but who has been the most exciting import to watch ? here , sportsmail 's reporters choose the player they most enjoy seeing in action. eden hazard -lrb- l -rrb- and santi cazorla are both set to make their 100th premier league appearance this weekend. cazorla has wonderful balance. cazorla scores important goals. cazorla is two-footed. cazorla dances past opponents.
almost two weeks on from liverpool 's wretched afternoon against manchester united at anfield , it would appear that lessons have already been learned. asked about a setback that may yet cost brendan rodgers and his players a place in next season 's champions league , the club 's midfielder joe allen was rueful. ` they were ready to go and maybe we were n't , ' allen told a young supporter at melwood this week. ' joe allen battles it out with ander herrera during liverpool 's premier league defeat to man united at anfield. liverpool midfielder allen spoke to sportsmail 's ian ladyman at liverpool 's melwood training ground.
ahead of this weekend 's premier league action , sportsmail will be providing you with all you need to know about every fixture , with team news , provisional squads , betting odds and opta stats. here is all the information you need for manchester united 's home clash with aston villa ... manchester united vs aston villa -lrb- old trafford -rrb-. manchester united. striker robin van persie is out of manchester united 's barclays premier league match against aston villa with an ankle injury. left-back luke shaw has recovered from a hamstring problem , but centre-back chris smalling is a big doubt due to illness.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- she predicted events that unfolded in the middle east well before they happened. and her book on iraq became required reading for many military leaders trying to understand the country. veteran journalist and author sandra mackey died sunday , her son , colin mackey , said. she was 77. for four years , she hid her writing from the authorities and smuggled her stories out of the country to get around saudi arabia 's prohibition on foreign journalists. `` the saudis : inside the desert kingdom '' offered `` a rare first-hand glimpse into the hidden realm of saudi social and public life , '' the new york times wrote.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- it takes a village to raise a triathlete. since returning home from our kickoff weekend where we got to experience life as a full-time triathlete , i 've been juggling training life with a full-time job , hectic commute and time with friends and family. jae rockwell , the founder of my local women 's fitness groups , women run the world , posted this mantra to help us keep ourselves accountable. seeing how much fun they 've had participating in some really daunting physical challenges helped me push through some of the more difficult moments of running my first marathon ! swimming remains my weakest link.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- sawyer sweeten grew up before the eyes of millions as a child star on the endearing family sitcom `` everybody loves raymond. '' early thursday he committed suicide , his sister madylin sweeten said in a statement. `` this morning a terrible family tragedy has occurred , '' madylin sweeten said in a statement passed on by her manager dino may. '' sweeten , best known for his role geoffrey barone , was visiting family in texas , entertainment industry magazine hollywood reporter reported , where he is believed to have shot himself on the front porch. sawyer sweeten was born in may 1995 in brownwood , texas.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- according to an outside review by columbia journalism school professors , '' -lrb- a -rrb- n institutional failure at rolling stone resulted in a deeply flawed article about a purported gang rape at the university of virginia. the magazine 's managing editor , will dana , wrote , `` we would like to apologize to our readers and to all of those who were damaged by our story and the ensuing fallout , including members of the phi kappa psi fraternity and uva administrators and students. can uva , phi kappa psi or any of the other fraternities on campus sue for defamation ? the virginia supreme court said in jordan v. kollman that `` the elements of libel are -lrb- 1 -rrb- publication of -lrb- 2 -rrb- an actionable statement with -lrb- 3 -rrb- the requisite intent.
so should we be making the most of the bargains to restock the bathroom cabinet -- or can we ignore the marketing ploys and dig out supplies that have been lurking at the back for years ? alice smellie asked industry experts to find out if it 's really vital to buy new supplies for summer ... scroll down for video. out-of-date sun lotions may separate and not spread evenly , say experts , meaning you may not be completely covered with vital uv filters , even if the active ingredients in the sun cream remain stable. sunscreen. but a recent survey revealed that almost three-quarters of uk holidaymakers are at risk of uv exposure because they use out-of-date sun cream.
a huge marine corps helicopter made an emergency landing on a southern california beach on wednesday , bringing no damages or injuries but leaving an unforgettable spectacle for surrounding swimmers and sunbathers. the ch-53e super stallion landed on the shore of this northern san diego county town shortly after 11:30 am after a low oil-pressure indicator light went on in the cockpit , marine corps air station miramar said in a statement. the 100-foot copter is twice the size of the humpback whales that sometimes wash up on surrounding shores. scroll down for video. makeshift airport : a marine corps helicopter was forced to make an emergency landing on a southern california beach wednesday morning.
in this day and age , everything is personalised - from alarm clocks that measure your perfect amount of sleep to fashion brands that use social media to connect with each individual customer. the newest generation of beauty products will be personalised to meet all your particular needs - from bespoke mascaras and eyeliners to foundations and powders unique to you. scroll down for video. the newest generation of beauty products will be personalised to meet all your particular needs. eyeko london 's bespoke mascara -lrb- # 28 -rrb- comes in dozens of brush shapes. eyeko london is just one brand taking advantage of the trend with the launch of its new bespoke mascara -lrb- # 28 -rrb- , offering more than 100 different combinations of brush shape and formula to suit your lashes.
honesty is key in any relationship -- but almost half of us lie to our partners about our finances , a study has revealed. forty-five per cent of britons have lied about their earnings , spending , bills or credit cards. around one in five have lied to a partner about what they earn , with 10 per cent of those surveyed having understated their salary , four per cent having overstated it and another four per cent admitting to lying in both ways. the survey by financial guide money advice service found 45 per cent of brion have lied about their earnings , spending and credit cars , and 41 per cent of people surveyed di n't know how much their partner earned.
alan pardew says sunderland should be more concerned about his in-form crystal palace side than his past as newcastle manager this saturday. palace beat manchester city on monday night and have ambitions of finishing in the barclays premier league 's top 10 this season. pardew was the first newcastle boss to suffer four successive defeats to sunderland , who last weekend won a fifth tyne-wear derby in a row , but is now only thinking about palace. the stadium will be wary of us , the 11 players on the pitch , ' pardew said. glenn murray -lrb- second from right -rrb- celebrates with his team-mates after scoring against manchester city.
german aviation regulators say they were never made aware of andreas lubitz 's mental health issues. killer pilot andreas lubitz searched the internet for information on suicide and depression using the name ` skydevil ' , it has emerged. the chilling username was discovered after analysis of a tablet computer found at his home , according to german newspaper bild. in a separate development , it has emerged that european regulators warned germany 's aviation authority of inadequacies with its health check-ups in a regular review of air safety enforcement , the european commission said. but the wall street journal said the commission told berlin in november ` to remedy the long-standing problems ' - months before the germanwings crash that killed all 150 people aboard.
a utah couple who had been married for 74 years died five hours apart. madelyn yensen , 94 , of salt lake city , died just after 4pm before her husband passed away at 9.30 pm. just after her mother died , carol bradford went to see her 95-year-old father at a care center and told him the news. ' shortly after her visit on april 7 , bradford 's father died of heart failure. marcus yensen , 95 -lrb- left -rrb- , and his wife madelyn , 94 -lrb- right -rrb- , died within hours of each other earlier this month after a romance that started with a month of dating and continued through 74 years of marriage.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- since iran 's islamic revolution in 1979 , women have been barred from attending most sports events involving men. but the situation appears set to improve in the coming months after a top iranian sports official said that the ban will be lifted for some events. a plan to allow `` women and families '' to enter sports stadiums will come into effect in the next year , deputy sports minister abdolhamid ahmadi said saturday , according to state-run media. according to the state-run press tv , ahmadi said the restrictions would be lifted for indoor sports events.
authorities say a tree has crashed into a car driven by a woman in her 60s , killing her. the cincinnati enquirer reports that the tree fell onto the car around 4 p.m. sunday. cincinnati police officer douglas swingley tells the newspaper the woman was the only occupant. scroll down for video. cincinnati woman jacqueline carr , 65 , was killed when a tree smashed her vehicle. wcpo reports the woman was later identified as jacqueline carr , age 65. leonard washington of price hill tells the newspaper he saw the woman driving moments before the tree fell. he says he rushed to the car.
the women of the university of southern california tennis team capped off an undefeated conference season on thursday by winning the pac-12 championship. the second-ranked girls defeated the women of the university of california - los angeles by a score of 4 - 3 for the win. the usc women 's tennis team won the pac-12 championship on thursday. no doubt contributing to the excitement was the fact that usc was trailing ucla early on , and were initially down 3 - 0 before winning the final four matches. usc now finishes the season 21 - 2 while ucla is 18 - 4.
a top executive at goldman sachs secretly filmed colleagues to record their ` sexist ' behaviour when she became pregnant. sonia pereiro-mendez says she was denied millions in pay and bonuses when she announced she was expecting her first child. male colleagues at the bank were promoted ahead of her and she was ` mocked ' and subjected to ` gratuitous derogatory ' comments about her childcare arrangements , she alleges. so in an attempt to prove her claim , she recorded managers at the global investment firm ` without their knowledge ' , a tribunal heard yesterday. the executive director in distressed investing -- which concerns companies in financial difficulties -- is suing her employer for sex and maternity discrimination.
a toddler suffering from an huge birthmark that could have blinded him in one eye has undergone life-changing plastic surgery. colby ramos-francis , who is 17 months old , was born with a small , heart-shaped growth over his eyelid. his parents claim nhs doctors were unable to treat the growth or offer surgery , leaving them no option but to beg for help abroad. scroll down for video. colby ramos-francis , now 17 months old , was born with a small , heart-shaped growth over his eyelid. colby has now had the tumour removed free-of-charge thanks to the us-based little baby face foundation.
a woman who was arrested and charged with manslaughter for a crash that caused the death of a 5-year-old child showed no remorse for her actions according to court records. aaronessa keaton of phoenix , arizona was eight months pregnant and had marijuana and benzodiazepines in her system when she collided head-on with a car carrying two children in february 2014 , and one of the children later died from their injuries. ' aaronessa keaton -lrb- above -rrb- was arrested monday and charged with manslaughter for a 2014 accident that resulted in the death of a 5-year-old child. keaton hit another car head-on -lrb- above -rrb- while she was eight months pregnant and had marijuana and benzodiazepines in her system.
today , in the third part of our major good health series on dementia , we look at ways to help minimise the impact of these memory problems , to prolong independence and help those with dementia live as full a life as possible. scroll down for video. older people find it harder to reach a deeper sleep - but they still need just as much. getting overtired : if the brain is tired , it affects the memory even for those without dementia. during deep sleep , brain waves move memories from the hippocampus - the area of the brain that is involved in short-term memory - to the prefrontal cortex at the front of the brain , where long-term memories are stored.
more than a thousand twitchers travelled to somerset this weekend after a rare bird was spotted for only the third time in the uk. it is believed the large shorebird - that was heading to its breeding grounds in canada and alaska - was last seen in the uk in 1988. the hudsonian godwit was spotted at the shapwick heath in somerset and drew scores of bird watchers. more than a thousand bird watchers and photographers lined the water 's edge to catch a glimpse of the bird. the wader - with a long beak and spindly legs - is now inhabiting the same space as its english counterparts , the black tailed godwit at the shapwick heath , in somerset.
actor ryan reynolds was the victim of a hit-and-run in a hotel parking lot , according to his publicist and vancouver police. the incident took place on friday when the 38-year-old was struck by a car while walking in the residential parking garage of the shangri-la hotel , but he was left uninjured. ` while walking , ryan was struck by a paparazzi driving a car through an underground parking garage , ' publicist leslie sloane said on sunday. ' scroll down for video. actor ryan reynolds -lrb- above -rrb- was the victim of a hit-and-run in a hotel parking lot , according to his publicist and vancouver police.
a basketball star has warmed hearts across his high school with his thoughtful ` prom-posal ' to a girl with down syndrome. on thursday , trey moses , a senior at eastern high school in louisville , kentucky who will play for ball state next year , asked ellie meredith to be his date to the upcoming prom. ellie accepted the promposal and said she ca n't wait to go dress shopping ` because i 've only told about a million people ! ' she told cnn. heading to prom : trey moses , a senior at eastern high school in louisville , kentucky who will play for ball state next year , asked ellie meredith to be his date to the upcoming prom - and she accepted.
it sounds like a fantasy , but it could be about to come true thanks to a robot chef developed by british scientists. scroll down for video. new hospitality : british scientists spent almost 18 years developing the robotic ` chef ' hands. scientists at the shadow robot company spent almost 18 years developing the hands , which are each governed by 24 motors , 26 micro-controllers and 129 sensors. the hands move a little slowly , hovering strangely above the work surface whenever they are not busy , but they imitate human movements closely enough that they can do things such as wipe a spoon on the edge of a pan to prevent drips.
when scottish student caitlin mcneill , 21 , posted a photo of a blue and black dress that looked white and gold from some angles , it sparked an internet debate so furious even a-listers could n't resist getting involved. now another internet dress furore has begun , this time over the colour of scottish national party leader nicola sturgeon 's dress. the snp stalwart , 44 , wore the opinion-splitting ensemble , which has variously been described as blue , grey and green , for her appearance on the bbc contenders ' debate last night. scroll down for video. going for grey : a viewer takes to twitter to insist the dress he saw was grey.
the next stage of evolution may well be upon us after a monkey unscrewed the lid of a water bottle and took a drink. filmed on a hot day in bali , indonesia the video , shot by australian tourist dirk nienaber , shows a monkey interacting with a tour guide , who squirts water at the primate from a hole in a water bottle in a bid to cool it down. the monkey interactes with a tour guide , who squirts water at it from a hole in a water bottle in a bid to cool it down. shaking its head , it flicks the water from itself and , rather like a human would , lifts a finger to its face to wipe the residue from its eye.
the family of everybody loves raymond actor sawyer sweeten are said to be in ` absolute shock ' at the child star taking his own life because he exhibited no suicidal warning signs , his manager said. sweeten , 19 , shot himself in the head while visiting a family member 's home in texas on thursday morning. his manager , dino may , told us weekly there were no signs of trouble prior to him taking his own life in the upstairs part of the house while family members were downstairs. scroll down for videos. shock death : child star , sawyer sweeten , seen riding on a motorcycle last month , killed himself while visiting family in texas yesterday.
a former utah high school teacher accused of having sex with three of her male students took a plea deal wednesday to avoid a trial , sobbing as she accepted the agreement in court. one of the boys was 16 and two were 17 when they were having sex with davis high school english teacher brianne altice , 35. but the boys were all minors , and utah law also says a person can not consent to sex if the other person is in a position of special trust. altice could face up to 45 years in prison when she is sentenced next month.
floyd mayweather and manny pacquiao are less than two weeks away from playing their part in the richest fight in boxing history. here , sportsmail takes a look at the two men 's achievements , in and out of the ring , ahead of their $ 300m mega-fight on may 2. floyd mayweather. manny pacquiao. 47. wbc super-featherweight , wbc lightweight , wbc light-welterweight , ibf welterweight , wbc welterweight , wbc light-middleweight , wba light-middleweight. mayweather does not earn any money from endorsements , although companies such as at&t and corona have sponsored his fights. since leaving top rank in 2006 , mayweather has looked after his own interests and negotiated a 60-40 split in his favour for his fight against pacquiao.
she is best known for her world war ii saga , the cazalet chronicles , but novelist elizabeth jane howard had a passion for history of a considerably more ancient kind. the novelist , who died in 2014 aged 90 , amassed a spectacular collection of greek , egyptian and roman jewellery during her lifetime , among them pieces up to 3,500 years old. howard , a former model who became the second wife of lucky jim novelist kingsley amis in 1965 , adored historic jewellery and , despite its great age , was regularly photographed in it. ` unlike many collectors who prefer to display their treasures , elizabeth jane howard held the view that jewellery was made to be used , ' explains madeleine perridge , head of antiquities at bonhams.
tiny robots , the size of an a4 sheet , are being programmed to lift cars that are up to two tonnes in weight. tiny robots , the size of an a4 sheet , are being programmed to lift cars that are up to two tons in weight. the robots , collectively called avert , are the creation of a european consortium led by the democritus university of thrace in greece. a ` autonomous multi-robot system for vehicle extraction and transportation ' -lrb- avert -rrb- computer first selects a vehicle to be moved after cameras have mapping the area in detail.
rows over goal-line technology were hardly something new when frank lampard 's infamous ` ghost ' goal against germany in the 2010 world cup finally brought matters to a head. the 2000 africa cup of nations final between nigeria and cameroon had already been scarred by a similar howler while the world watched agog five years later as a pedro mendez effort which crossed the line at old trafford was incredibly missed by all the officials despite keeper roy carroll ending up tangled in the rigging. celtic striker leigh griffiths has a goal-bound shot blocked by the outstretched arm of josh meekings.
richard sherman may have been devastated after he and the seattle seahawks fell to the new england patriots in this year 's super bowl , but it did not last for long. on february 5 , just four days after that agonizing defeat , sherman and girlfriend ashley moss welcomed a son , rayden. scroll down for video. richard sherman shared a photo of him and his girlfriend ashley moss with their son rayden on instagram -lrb- courtesy of estevens -rrb-. rayden -lrb- above -rrb- was born on february 5 , just a few days after sherman and the seattle seahawks lost the super bowl to the new england patriots.
the wife of la angels player josh hamilton has revealed she was ` blindsided ' by his decision to file for divorce and insists she has never been unfaithful. real housewives of orange county star katie said there was no ` big fight or blow up ' which caused their marriage to end. speaking to tmz sports she said ` nothing sparked it ' and slammed reports she cheated on the slugger as ` entirely false '. ' hamilton filed for divorce from his wife two months ago - around the same time he admitted to an alcohol and drugs relapse , it has emerged.
holmes , who started the day six shots off the lead but ripped through the first half of the course to make the turn in 29 , had moments before missed from 10 foot but 2008 winner wagner could not save par to take the play-off to a third hole. overnight leader jordan spieth , who hit a fine putt to par the 18th and make it a three-way play-off , had been eliminated on the first hole. j b holmes poses with the houston open trophy after a thrilling climax saw him take the title. holmes bumps fists with his caddie to celebrate winning the houston open after two play-off holes.
the uber private rapper/entrepreneur broke out of his usually reserved social media shell over the weekend to defend the performance of his new music streaming service , tidal. using the hashtag #tidalfacts , he attempted to refute talk that the company has been doing a less than stellar job in taking on competitor spotify. he launched the subscription-based music service last month with a star-studded news conference in which artists such as madonna , kanye west , daft punk and jay z 's wife , beyonce , came together in support of what singer alicia keys told the crowd was `` the first ever artist-owned global music and entertainment platform.
republican presidential candidate rand paul , on the defensive after a set of acrimonious exchanges with female journalists including , is denying that he has a problem with women. i 'll own up to that , ' the kentucky senator told cnn anchor wolf blitzer yesterday , responding to accusations of sexism that bubbled up following his wednesday morning dust up with today host savannah guthrie. paul , who announced his bid for the oval office on tuesday , admitted that he needs to ` have more patience ' with reporters , even if he 's ` annoyed ' with them while maintaining that ` interviews should be questions and not editorializing.
it 's the nation famed for its gastronomy which gave birth to haute cuisine and the michelin guide. but almost three quarters of all dishes served in french bistros , brasseries and cafes are shipped in from a factory and microwaved , according to a top restaurateur. xavier denamur sparked fury after he exposed france as a country of microwave cheats and even went as far as to compare chefs ' corner-cutting as being the culinary equivalent of a low-cost airline. ` the microwave has become the chef 's best friend , ' he told the times. but there are signs that its crown as the world 's culinary king has been slipping for some time.
the desperate parents of a boy whose head hangs at a 180-degree angle have admitted they would rather he died than continue to suffer. mahendra ahirwar , 12 , from madhya pradesh in central india , suffers from a rare condition that makes his neck bend and his head hang from his body. undiagnosed : mahendra ahirwar 's parents say they would rather see him dead than suffer the way he is now. mahendra 's mother sumitra ahirwar , pictured here with her son , says watching his life is ` devastating ' his father mukesh ahirwar , 40 , and mother sumitra ahirwar , 35 , who both work as labourers when they can , say they have consulted more than 50 doctors across india but none could diagnose his condition.
sir nick faldo and tom watson will make their final open appearances in front of the largest arena in the championship 's 155-year history at st andrews in july. three-time winner faldo has confirmed he will cross the famous swilcan bridge for the final time on the 25th anniversary of his victory on the old course , having also lifted the claret jug at muirfield in 1987 and 1992. sir nick faldo -lrb- left -rrb- and tom watson will compete at the open for the last time at st andrews in july. watson will walk across the swilcan bridge for the final time on the 25th anniversary of his victory there.
with broadcasters demanding hefty fees to watch floyd mayweather take on manny pacquiao next saturday , many boxing fans could turn towards social media to illegally watch the richest fight in history for free. launched by twitter , periscope allows users to broadcast a live stream to their social media followers. the video is then available to replay for up to 24 hours and can also be saved to the user 's phone. twitter 's periscope app allows users to broadcast live video and audio online but has copyright pitfalls. this opens up the possibility of live sports being streamed across social networks for free , despite broadcasters paying millions of pounds to obtain the rights.
huddersfield forward jacob fairbank is set for a lengthy spell on the sidelines after fracturing his ankle and suffering ligament damage while on loan at halifax. the 25-year-old was injured in halifax 's victory over hunslet on easter monday and subsequent scans have left him facing an extensive rehabilitation period. huddersfield 's jacob fairbank , pictured during a spell at london broncos , faces a spell on the sidelines. ` he was only saying the other day how much he was enjoying regular week in , week out rugby after his first uninterrupted off-season for a long time and was keen to push his way into paul anderson 's thinking.
as the countdown continues to floyd mayweather 's mega-fight with manny pacquiao in las vegas on may 2 , the money man 's daughter iyanna mayweather has shared her thoughts about life in training with her champion father. mayweather vs pacquiao will generate revenue upwards of $ 300 million in what is being billed as the most lucrative bout in boxing history and , ahead of the may showdown , iyanna mayweather offered some insight into her dad 's intense training regime. iyanna mayweather has been spending time in her father floyd 's training camp. iyanna watches on as her champion dad gets through another gruelling training session.
a british man bled to death on holiday in thailand after cutting himself on a mirror in a shop. iain mackay , 40 , is believed to have argued with his thai girlfriend moments before his death. the incidents happened in hua hin , a coastal town and beach resort 120 miles south-west of bangkok. tragic : iain mackay , 40 , -lrb- pictured -rrb- is understood to have got into a fight at the hua hin resort , 125 miles south of bangkok , after discovering the woman chatting with another man at a bar in the coastal city. thai police said mr mackay , from stornoway , scotland , was in a rage when he cut himself with a piece of glass at a shop near to the bar where he had spotted his girlfriend.
150 outgoing art fans have taken part in national gallery of australia 's first ever naked art tour , stripping off their clothes for an adult-only after-hours viewing experience. the first hour-long tour through the nga 's current exhibition , ` james turrell : a retrospective ' , took place on wednesday night , in a no-frills approach to art led by melbourne-based artist stuart ringholt. scroll down for video. 150 art fans took part in a nude tour of an exhibition at the national gallery of australia on wednesday evening. ' ringholt , the tour guide for the retrospective , which highlights the 70-year-old american artist 's 50 years of work , said the experience creates an ` educational state ' for viewing the art.
police searched an area near a ford motor company plant in michigan on sunday for clues related to the disappearance of a woman who was last seen at halloween wearing a poison ivy costume. chelsea ellen bruck , 22 , has been missing almost six months , police said. monroe county sheriff 's major jeff kemp reported that the search was arranged after investigators received a tip from a citizen about the area in flat rock. he declined to discuss media reports that part of chelsea 's costume were found. scroll down for video. a new search was conducted on sunday in the case of missing chelsea ellen bruck , 22 , who was last seen dressed as batman villain poison ivy at a halloween party on october 25 attended by around 800 people.
a canal bank beneath a busy flyover might not rank as paradise. the confused bird was seen swimming in the grand union canal earlier this month after apparently flying into london along the thames. this puzzled puffin was spotted flying into london along the thames , close to the a4 flyover at brentford. the distinctive bird with an orange beak was spotted by an eagle-eyed canal boat resident. the puffin was given some fish and wrapped in a blanket , before being handed to a specialist centre in dorset to recuperate. more commonly seen in iceland and the north atlantic , it was spotted near the a4 flyover at brentford.
this is the moment that two total strangers who could pass for identical twins came face to face for the first time. niamh geaney , a 26-year-old student and tv presenter , found her 29-year-old doppleganger after she teamed up with two friends to launch a project called twin strangers. the aim of the social media experiment was to see which of the three could find their closest lookalike within 28 days and it attracted submissions to their website ` twin-strangers. scroll down for video. this is the moment that niamh geaney , right , met her doppleganger , karen branigan , left for the first time.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- a massive brawl involving two dozen people at a queens , new york , casino was captured on video friday night. the cell phone video shows a number of men throwing punches and even chairs into crowds of people. the fight took place in the food court area of resorts world casino where approximately 300 people were still at the scene when police arrived , according to the new york police department. one witness told cnn affiliate wcbs the scene was `` chaotic '' and compared it to a world wrestling entertainment event. the brawl took place in front of fat tuesday , which opened at the food court friday.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- atop the amazon bestselling books list this month sat an unexpected title : `` secret garden. '' it was n't frances hodgson burnett 's 1911 novel about a sour little girl 's magical place , making a book club comeback. johanna basford 's `` secret garden : an inky treasure hunt & coloring book '' -lrb- now at no. 3 on amazon -rrb- along with her second effort , `` enchanted forest : an inky quest & coloring book '' -lrb- no. 6 -rrb- ; `` balance -lrb- angie 's extreme stress menders volume 1 -rrb- '' by angie grace -lrb- no. 9 -rrb- ; and `` the mindfulness colouring book : anti-stress art therapy for busy people '' by emma farrarons -lrb- no. 8 on amazon uk -rrb- are selling at a rapid clip.
a pew research center survey found that 92 percent of us teens go online daily - and 24 % admit they are online constantly. it also household incomes can influence which social network children use - with instagram and snapchat being popular with children from wealthier families. a pew research center survey found that 92 percent of us teens go online daily - and 25 % admit they are online constantly. the pew researcher revealed household incomes can influence which social network children use. that includes 56 percent who are online several times a day and 24 percent who say they are connected to the internet and social networks ` almost constantly.
when it comes to the coachella festival , a number of suspect looks crop up each year including hippie ensembles , outlandish headgear and plenty of skin - and 2015 has been no exception. from the couple who wore matching american flag leotards to the man who sported a loincloth over speedos , could this be the worst year for coachella street style yet ? scroll down for video. one woman spotted was nude except for a minute chainmail band slung around her hips , two silver star stickers covering her nipples and a breezy shrug. another was dressed in a strappy monokini , essentially leaving her practically naked apart from a pair of sturdy boots , a beaded headband , shades and a sheer white printed kimono.
the ex-king of spain , juan carlos , was leading a double life and having an affair with a german aristocrat for the last ten years of his reign , according to a new book that claims they were ' a couple , pure and simple '. the bombshell allegation is that juan carlos was romancing corinna zu sayn-wittgenstein and was so smitten with her that he even contemplated divorcing his wife , sofia , according to final de partida -- or end game -- by ana romero , which sold out within 24 hours. ' scroll down for video. the former king juan carlos greets corinna sayn-wittgenstein in at an awards ceremony in barcelona in may 2006 : a new book claims that they have been lovers for a decade.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- ciudad juarez , mexico , was once known as the murder capital of the world. back in 2010 , at the height of cartel violence , the city averaged 8.5 killings per day. but five years later , local officials say the city is much safer , and plans are underway to lure foreign tourists and investors back to juarez. this month the city launched the tourism campaign `` juarez is waiting for you. mayor enrique serrano officially kicked off the campaign , giving what he called an `` unprecedented '' high-profile tour to regional leaders from the united states and mexico.
but southwest have raised their game by throwing two passengers an impromptu wedding shower. andy mcilvaine , 33 , was lugging three bottles of champagne onto a flight from baltimore to maine in october to propose to his 30-year-old girlfriend kelley mulfinger when he got talking to a group of southwest employees. touched by his story , they gave him a $ 100 voucher as a gift. heartwarming : southwest airlines threw a surprise wedding shower for a long-distance couple at baltimore washington international airport. kelley mulsinger was greeted with a party and several family members when she flew in to bwi from texas to see her fiance.
this is the drill that was used by thieves during the # 60million hatton garden heist over the easter weekend. the photograph of the hilti dd350 drill was released tonight by scotland yard as the officer in charge of the investigation said the crime had been carried out by an ` ocean 's 11 type team '. police are offering a # 20,000 reward for information leading to the arrest and conviction of those involved in the raid. the six men were captured on cctv as they carried out the bold raid in london 's diamond district. they used the drill to cut through a concrete wall into the bank 's strongroom , where they ransacked security vaults.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- just over a month ago , kamron taylor sat in an illinois courtroom to hear a jury convict him of murder. early wednesday morning , taylor sat in an illinois jail. ready to pounce. when he did , his victim was a correctional officer making his rounds , according to kankakee county sheriff timothy bukowski. taylor beat up the guard , put on his uniform and took his keys. he then walked out of the jail 's door and into the officer 's brown 2012 chevrolet equinox suv. the equinox was discovered around 8:30 a.m. -lrb- 9:30 a.m. et -rrb- in kankakee , but without any sign of the convicted murderer who drove it.
she started to feel cramps in her stomach , and believed she might be getting her period. but when she made a dash for the bathroom , the 24-year-old was shocked to find she was in fact going into the early stages of labour , and gave birth to her son on the bathroom floor. miss kelly , from bridport , dorset , had no idea she was expecting , and had even kept her size eight figure throughout the pregnancy. nikki kelly believed she was suffering from period cramps - before giving birth to son james , now three months , in ` three pushes ' on the bathroom floor.
swafford had an 11-under 133 total at tpc louisiana. jason day , ranked sixth in the world , was 5 under for the round through 14 holes , pulling him into a five-way tie for third at 10 under with brandon de jonge , cameron tringale , former zurich champion jerry kelly and daniel berger. hudson swafford watches his tee shot on the 18th hole on day two at the zurich classic. second-round play was scheduled to resume saturday at 8 a.m. cdt. the field remained tightly packed with birdies seemingly harder to come by friday. many players cited a combination of wind , soggy turf from recent rain and thick , swampy air as reasons for the course to play even longer than usual.
a kentucky woman was forced to give birth on interstate 65 on thursday while stuck in traffic waiting for the presidential motorcade to pass. fortunately there was a nurse also stuck in the gridlock , sitting in her car nearby , who was able to run over and help deliver the little boy , arley , safely. dramatic arrival into the world : baby arley was born on the i-65 in louisville , kentucky , on tuesday , after his parents became stuck in traffic en route to hospital due to the presidential motorcade. he was visiting louisville to tour a technology plant.
the duchess of cambridge 's baby is due as early as today , it has been revealed. according to one well-placed source , kate 's real due date is today or tomorrow - which would tie in with comments made by the duchess herself. scroll down for video. kate , 33 , who was touring the stephen lawrence centre in deptford with prince william , added : ` not long to go now. ' although april 25 is widely thought to be the duchess ' due date , royal sources point out that it has never been officially confirmed as such.
watch as this brazen thief allegedly steals a donation box ahead of anzac day from an rsl club. cctv footage has captured a woman cautiously standing by the concierge desk before she quickly grabs the box of anzac badges and money while covering it with her vest at the caulfield rsl in elsternwick , south-east of melbourne about 8.00 pm on wednesday. she takes her reading glasses off and appears to clean them as she casually sits down on a seat before quickly pulling her black vest off. watch as this brazen thief allegedly steals a donation box ahead of anzac day at an rsl club in melbourne.
gemma collins has expanded her popular range of plus-size clothing for evans with seven new curve-flattering tops and dresses. ' scroll down for video. gemma collins has expanded her popular range of plus-size clothing for evans with a handful of new curve-flattering garments. new additions include brightly coloured swing tops and blouses , as well as a pair of floral fringed kimonos ; all in the same flattering cuts that have cemented her status as one of the nation 's most popular plus-size designers. ` plus-size fashion is evolving and becoming more stylish , and it 's great as my collection is all about embracing your curves and feeling confident , ' gemma tells us.
muslim women should be allowed to wear a full-face veil while appearing in court , britain 's most senior judge has suggested. lord neuberger , the president of the supreme court , said judges and courtrooms should allow women to wear the traditional dress as they should ` show , and be seen to show ' respect towards different customs. lord neuberger said britain 's privileged judges must be aware of their ` subconscious bias ' when dealing with poorer members of society. his address to the criminal justice alliance came at a time of uncertainty over the place of muslim traditional dress in the legal system.
esteban cambiasso has won all the major european competitions a player can during his illustrious career but revealed that keeping leicester city in the premier league would be up there with the best. the foxes are currently seven points adrift at the bottom of the table , with only eight games remaining , knowing that time is running out to save themselves. cambiasso refuses to give up and admits that keeping leicester up will feel like winning a trophy. esteban cambiasso says that helping keep leicester in the premier league will feel like winning a trophy. ` for me , winning a cup or winning the league with another team is the same now as having the possibility to save leicester in the premier league.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- freddie gray was arrested baltimore police on the morning of april 12 without incident , according to police. less than an hour after he was detained , officers transporting him called for a medic. he subsequently slipped into a coma , dying a week after his initial arrest. `` we want to clear up some of the confusions that may exist , '' baltimore deputy police commissioner jerry rodriguez said. `` we will be looking specifically at our actions from the point that we came into contact with mr. gray up until the time we requested medical assistance -- specifically , did we miss any warnings ? should we have acted sooner ? should we have acted in any different manner ? '' this is what police say occurred :.
lesley conman 's daughter abbie , 12 , was sent sexualised messages by an online pervert on facebook. two mothers have slammed police for failing to act after their daughters were targeted by an online predator. both lesley conman and kerry green 's young daughters were sent sexualised messages by an online pervert on facebook - but police refused to investigate as no offence had been committed. ms conman 's daughter abbie , 12 , was sent a message by the man after accepting a friend request from someone pretending to be a 17-year-old boy. ` you can only find my daughter on facebook if you have a mutual friend and this guy was friends with 100 of her school friends , so she thought he was from school.
the crew of the admiral kuznetsov , russia 's largest warship , came up with the novel idea to help keep the deck clear of debris which poses a major risk to jet planes taking off and landing. russian sailors on board the admiral kuznetsov , the country 's largest aircraft carrier , have come up with an inegnious way of cleaning the decks , by strapping an old mig-15 engine to the front of a tractor. debris on carrier decks can potentially get sucked into jet engines , so crew are usually required to do manual sweeps of the deck , but the crew of the kuznetsov decided to do away with that bother.
a new york man has been caught on camera catcalling women in the street -- completely oblivious to the fact that the interview he is taking part in is meant to highlight the horrible and derogatory culture of catcalling. scroll down for video. clueless catcaller : this new york man , right , did n't realize buzz60 's patrick jones , left , was doing a segment criticizing catcalling ; the man showed his own catcalling techniques throughout the interview. unprompted , the man begins demonstrating by whistling and making ticking and kissing noises with his mouth. when patrick , who looks surprised to have found one of the very street harassers that his other interviewees hit out at , asks the man how he would call a dog , he unabashedly replies : ` the same way '.
the white house declined to give embattled drug enforcement administration chief michele leonhart a vote of confidence today as two news networks reported that she would soon resign. her anticipated departure stems from concerns that agents of the federal drug agency divulged secrets at sex parties with prostitutes that drug lords in colombia may have staged to elicit sensitive information. once-confidential documents , a u.s. congressional committee will. investigate the claims , a spokeswoman for the republican majority at the house. committee on oversight and government reform told reuters today. scroll down for video. drug enforcement administration boss michele leonhart testifies before the house committee on oversight and government reform in a hearing on sexual harassment and misconduct allegations.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- for lt. colonel john schwemmer , the scenery is all too familiar. this is his sixth tour in iraq , and he 's back doing a job that he 's been tasked with before : training iraqi soldiers. schwemmer and other active u.s. military personnel are on the ground in iraq , whipping often ill-equipped government troops into shape. but the u.s. military is n't the only contingent of western forces in the region -- dozens of foreigners , including americans , have volunteered to take the fight to isis. and increasingly , u.s. military training efforts are being supplemented by outside agencies , who are working with kurdish government troops and even militia in iraq and syria.
channel 4 's indian summers star olivia grant headed to phuket in thailand before the start of filming the second series. i came away convinced i was going to carry on doing a minimum of 30 minutes of meditation every morning in london -- a resolve that was slowly eroded by the stresses of relying on london underground and from sunday hangovers. phuket , however , is very different from koh phangan. villa co-ordinator pim immediately apologised for the increased security around the resort -lrb- a thai princess and liam from one direction were there -rrb-. seduction turned out to be off bangla road , the heart of phuket 's red-light district.
floyd mayweather v manny pacquiao will be the biggest fight of all time financially and the most significant this century. where money man v pacman comes to rank among the most important fights in ring history will depend upon what happens that coming night in the mgm grand garden arena. in this , the fourth in a series of 12 fights that shaped boxing history , i look back on one of the greatest sporting events of all time. the fight voted the greatest sporting event of the 20th century. the fight which drove boxing through social barriers. the fight which put a shadowy central african republic on the world map.
it 's the ultimate in slow-motion footage. the bbc is to air a two-hour , real-time documentary following a canalboat as it pootles its way along a british waterway at a leisurely 4mph. there is no presenter , narrator , dialogue or music , so all viewers will hear are the sounds of the boat 's engine , the lapping of the water and the local birdsong as the barge makes its way along a picturesque stretch of the kennet and avon canal. 41.50 : crazy boy racers scream past at 5mph. rather incongruously , it 's the same specialist high-definition equipment used to shoot the action-packed james bond blockbuster skyfall.
an ambulance service has apologised to the family of a woman who died after errors by emergency call operators meant she was not classed as having a life-threatening condition. david priestley called 999 three times and had to wait an hour for an ambulance to reach his wife diane , who was struggling to breathe and whose tongue and lips had turned blue. an investigation has found that an ambulance should have been given a response priority of eight minutes to reach the 57-year-old at her home in shildon , county durham. instead , a longer 30 minute response time was assigned - which north east ambulance service -lrb- neas -rrb- still failed to meet - and the grandmother-of-nine died from a ruptured abdominal aortic aneurysm on arrival at darlington memorial hospital.
ok , those early models could n't do much compared with today 's smartphones. but what they did have was a battery that lasted more than a few hours before the phone went dead. scroll down for video. modern life : according to a recent poll , nine out of ten people feel stressed if their phone battery run out. compare that with the battery life of a modern iphone or samsung galaxy. this week it was revealed that sir james dyson , inventor of dyson hoovers , is attempting to solve the problem by investing # 10 million in u.s.-based battery experts sakti3.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- a top al qaeda in the arabian peninsula leader -- who a few years ago was in a u.s. detention facility -- was among five killed in an airstrike in yemen , the terror group said , showing the organization is vulnerable even as yemen appears close to civil war. ibrahim al-rubaish died monday night in what aqap 's media wing , al-malahem media , called a `` crusader airstrike. a yemeni defense ministry official and two yemeni national security officials not authorized to speak on record confirmed that al-rubaish had been killed , but could not specify how he died.
a graphic on nbc 's today show on wednesday misidentified saturday night live creator lorne michaels as ` lauren '. the flub by a graphics person , made on the east coast feed of the morning show , was corrected for broadcasts in other time zones and online , the network said. michaels is a legend at nbc for snl - making the mistake by his own network even more embarrassing. scroll down for video. naming blunder : a graphic on nbc 's today show on wednesday misidentified saturday night live creator lorne michaels as ` lauren ' michaels , a native of toronto , made the cut for the second time since 2008.
` this is my dad ! ' and while his daughter does n't look too happy about the new attire , her father is pictured grinning beside her. the image was first shared on reddit under the headline ` dad security ' at the weekend. a dad created this t-shirt to keep the boys away from his daughter - and she does n't look happy about it. kit dale , a two-time world pro brazilian jiu-jitsu champion from melbourne , australia , shared the image to his facebook page on sunday , writing : ` hahahha smart dad. ' by wednesday , the image on his page had been liked by 370,000 facebook users and had been shared more than 45,000 times.
a dramatic virtual environment has been created using a headset that shows how passengers would survive a plane crash landing on water. the short film has been developed on an oculus rift - a virtual reality headset - by italy 's university of udine 's hci lab. it is hoped the simulation can make people aware of the correct processes to follow for a landing on water. the video is based on an actual event when , on january 15 , 2009 , u.s. airways flight 1549 was forced into a landing on water. following a series of bird strikes , both engines failed , and the airbus a320 , piloted by captain chesley b. sullenberger was forced to land in the hudson river.
she was catapulted into the limelight thanks to her relationship with prince harry. but now , as her acting career looks set to take off , cressida bonas says she is more than happy being single. ` i 'm a strong , independent woman , ' she says in a new interview to promote her role as mulberry 's new muse. scroll down for videos. cressida bonas , 26 , -lrb- pictured -rrb- says she is more than happy being single following her split from prince harry. to the golden globes party last year , cressida rocked this black mulberry dress , just days after she worked the exact same pick in white at the baftas.
ordinary british tennis fans face a wimbledon-type scramble for davis cup quarter-final tickets this summer and are likely to end up with less than half the overall allocation. there will be a capacity of 7,000 for july 's match against france at london 's queen 's club , but well under 3,000 tickets may be available to the kind of supporters who created such an electric atmosphere in glasgow for last month 's first round. british tennis fans face a wimbledon-type scramble for davis cup quarter-final tickets this summer. andy murray enjoys a spot of champions league action alongside his friend ross hutchins at the nou camp.
a gun-wielding good samaritan stopped a man from stealing a car by shooting the thief in the shoulder. the woman who owned the car jumped onto the bonnet of her white honda as the teenage carjacker attempted to drive off at speed from the fast track car wash in smyrna , georgia. police have hailed the passer-by as a hero for possibly saving the woman 's life. scroll down for video. this is the moment a passer-by whipped out his gun and stopped a teenager from stealing a woman 's car. the suspect was taken to hospital where he is recovering.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- chile 's calbuco volcano erupted again thursday , marking the third time since last week , the national service of geology and mining said. gregorio billikopf lives across lake llanquihue from the volcano has been photographing and videotaping the three eruptions and described thursday 's event as spectacular but not as severe as the two prior ones. the explosion produced an extensive plume , but it was also described as smaller than the eruptions on april 22 and april 23 , according to cnn chile. deputy interior minister mahmud aleuy said about 1,500 people were evacuated , and security measures will continue as `` contingency plans are operating , '' cnn chile reported thursday.
floyd mayweather v manny pacquiao will be the biggest fight of all time financially and the most significant this century. where money man v pacman comes to rank among the most important fights in ring history will depend upon what happens that coming night in the mgm grand garden arena. in this , the fifth in a series of 12 fights that shaped boxing history , i look back on one of the greatest sporting events of all time. the near-death fight. just as they are saying about mayweather v pacquiao , the perceived wisdom was that ali-frazier was coming five years too late for two great boxers in their 30s.
who likes rejection ? whether you are being rejected by a lover , an employer or a barman who serves a newly arrived regular customer before you , it 's galling. born into a family of teachers , jia jiang was so determined to become an entrepreneur that , as a child in china , he dug a hole in the garden , intending to reach america by the shortest route. the problem was he inevitably encountered rejection , mainly from potential backers for his project -lrb- another iphone app no one could possibly need or want -rrb-. and each time , rejection felt like the end of the world.
koby hodder , suffered a cardiac arrest and collapsed in the school playground when he was 10. a 10-year-old boy nearly died after suffering a cardiac arrest in the school playground. he was playing british bulldog -- a game in which children run from one side of a playing field to another without being caught by one of the ` bulldogs ' , who often employ forceful tactics to trap runners , including rugby tackling opponents to the ground. teachers across the country have called for the game to be banned , claiming it is dangerous and leads to children becoming injured.
self-assured and poised in her stilettoes and new hairstyle , nicola sturgeon clearly revelled in being centre-stage -- addressing a nationwide audience of britons , rather than just the usual five million scots. such was her exultation that judy murray , mother of tennis star andy -lrb- who was widely criticised for voicing his support for scottish independence on the eve of last year 's independence referendum -rrb- , tweeted about her triumph. scroll down for video. the britain-wide tv audience was clearly impressed - an instant poll by yougov found that 28 per cent thought nicola sturgeon was the best performer.
the zulu king blamed for sparking the violence against foreigners which has seen south africa 's streets turn into battlefields running with blood over the past two weeks is no stranger to scandal. the dyed-in-the-wool traditionalist has also courted the wrath of women 's rights and hiv/aids campaigners for his hardline stance on controversial traditional virginity testing. scroll down for video. controversial : king goodwill zwelithini -lrb- pictured -rrb- has been blamed for sparking the xenophobic riots which has left at least seven dead in the last couple of weeks as it spreads from durban to johannesburg. horrific : the brutal murder of mozambican man emmanuel sithole in a township near johannesburg was captured on camera.
nick cannon has signed and sealed a deal to write a tell-all book about his marriage to mariah carey - and she is furious about him betraying her. simon & schuster has confirmed to daily mail online that the book is being published by gallery books , an imprint of the high-powered publisher. ` mariah was willing to give nick $ 10 million but he said ` hell no ' and demanded $ 30 , ' a family friend tells the daily mail exclusively. ` mariah says it is what they agreed to in the prenup before they got married. scroll down for video.
it is a well-known fact that the technology industry is mostly dominated by men , but now , thanks to a new blog by a young female computing student , women in tech have finally been given a platform through which their amazing achievements are being recognized. stanford computer science student lea coligado , 21 , created women of silicon valley , a blog based on the people-profiling website humans of new york , in order to showcase the talents and stories of tech 's best and brightest women working within the industry. girls on top : stanford computer science student lea coligado features talented women in the tech industry , such as postmates exec sara mauskopf , on her blog women of silicon valley.
a coroner found that the care given by the midwife who assisted at the birth in 2012 was ` grossly inadequate ' and may have contributed to the death of the baby. but in a move many people would find extraordinary , the couple refuses to blame the midwife , and are in fact is defending her actions. alanna and stephen goetzinger -lrb- pictured with their daughters kayla , right , and alice , left -rrb- lost their daughter during a stillbirth in 2012 and have spoken out against the coroner 's report which blames their midwife. coroner james mcdougall said that the midwife failed to adequately prepare for the rana 's birth , allowed the delivery to take place in ` unsafe conditions ' , and that her failure to provide proper medical assistance may have caused the death of the goeztinger 's baby.
this week : jennifer aniston 's arms. jennifer looking toned at the 2015 vanity fair oscar party hosted by graydon carter. in a versace gown at this year 's oscars , jennifer aniston showed off her well-toned arms. the 46-year-old works out three times a week with her long-term trainer , mandy ingber. sessions include 20-25 minutes of spinning , followed by 45 minutes of yoga. when she stays at a hotel , aniston takes 3.6 kg weights with her. the medicine ball overhead press is great for upper arms. ideally , use a weighted medicine ball , but a football is fine for beginners.
an airline passenger who was stabbed with a pen by a woman sitting next to him because he was snoring compared the bizarre attack to being ` stung by bees '. lenny mordarski , 68 , was viciously poked with the blue ballpoint before take off on the southwest airlines flight from chicago to manchester , new hampshire on thursday. ' scroll down for video. lenny mordarski , 68 , was viciously poked with the blue ballpoint on a flight to new hampshire on thursday because he fell asleep and was snoring before take-off. lenny mordarski , 68 , described the attack by a female passenger to ` being stung by bees ... owww ! ' the woman was removed from the flight following the air rage incident and put on a later flight out of chicago.
the boxer invited compatriot adrien broner for a feast at his mansion , as he continues his preparation for the $ 300million mega-fight against manny pacquiao. broner , a three-time world champion , took to instagram to show off the food on show. floyd mayweather is willing to splash the cash in the food department by paying over $ 1,000 per dish. chef q , also known as quiana jeffries , has helped the 38-year-old with his strict organic food diet. adrien broner posted this photo of the feast on offer as he labelled mayweather as his ` big bro ' chef q has been cooking for floyd mayweather since his fight for manny pacquaio was announced.
a student has become an online sensation after powering his cambridge college to glory in the final of university challenge. viewers were astounded by his general knowledge prowess - but the law student has now admitted that he had help from some unlikely sources. scroll down for video. star : ted loveday has powered gonville and caius college , cambridge to victory in university challenge. gonville and caius won the university challenge title by amassing 225 points against magdalen in the final , broadcast on bbc two on monday night. the team 's victory was largely thanks to mr loveday , who provided the correct response to 10 ` starter for 10 ' questions posed by presenter jeremy paxman.
new jersey governor chris christie was n't looking too presidential tuesday night when he got into a heated debate with a veteran teacher at a town hall meeting. and now the state 's largest teacher 's union is calling him out for his ` bullying ' behavior. ' scroll down for video. not being nice : new jersey gov chris christie -lrb- left -rrb- is being called a bully for the way he interacted with a teacher -lrb- kathy mooney , right -rrb- at a tuesday night town hall meeting. that sentiment does n't ring well with christie 's ambitions to run in the republican presidential primaries next year.
in one of the classic games of their long and illustrious rivalry , the first meeting of the season between the boston red sox and new york yankees lasted nearly seven hours - becoming the longest game in team history for both. boston took a 6-5 lead in the 19th inning on saturday morning on a sacrifice fly by mookie betts. xander bogaerts scored after reaching on his fourth hit of extra innings. chase headley and mark teixeira hit tying home runs for the yankees in a game interrupted by a power outage for 16 minutes in the 12th. scroll down for video.
the family of a seven-year-old skier killed in the french alps have paid tribute to their ` daring , outgoing , determined little boy ' and revealed he got lost in woods before sliding towards a 164ft cliff. they bought the farm to live out their dream of growing their own food and living ` the good life '. carwyn would help feed cows and pigs on the farm which has won prizes for its speciality sausages and has sold scotch eggs to prime minister david cameron. his family last night said his death had left them feeling ` utter devastation ' with a ` vast void in our hearts ' , adding that he was ' a very competent skier ' who had started aged three.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- sleek chassis , alluring paintwork and a need for speed , but these are no ordinary motors. powered by electricity and engineered for efficiency , car enthusiasts from across africa are sparking home-grown concepts that have gotten experts revving. in zaria , a city in northern nigeria , a team of students from the ahmadu bello university are currently applying the final touches to the `` abucar 2. '' the students used locally available materials to build the vehicle , and even included recycled electrical components in the engine. while it runs on gasoline , the engine maximizes fuel efficiency and produces fewer emissions than normal cars.
george w. bush ` just stood and took it ' when the grieving mother of a dying soldier screamed at him while he paid visit to a military hospital , his former press secretary has revealed. ` the mom was beside herself with grief. perino said the woman 's husband tried to calm her and that , at first , the president tried to offer the mother some words of comfort before he just ` stood and took it '. scroll down for video. george w. bush ` just stood and took it ' when the grieving mother of a dying soldier screamed at him while he was paying a visit to a military hospital , his former press secretary dana perino has revealed -lrb- file photo -rrb-.
the u.s. and her allies are at an ever growing risk of a systemic cyber-assault , with energy infrastructure likely to be hacker 's prime target. the stark warning comes from general keith alexander , the retired four-star general and former chief of the national security agency. ` the greatest risk is a catastrophic attack on the energy infrastructure. scroll down for video. former nsa chief general keith alexander has warned that the u.s. and her allies are at an ever growing risk of a systemic cyber-assault , with energy infrastructure likely to be hacker 's prime target. alexander , who led the u.s. battle against cyber-threats for much of the last decade , was speaking at a private dinner held by ihs ceraweek in texas last week , reports the daily telegraph.
when young school students perform poorly in their classes , the usual antidote is more study , but desperate parents are instead opting for potentially dangerous diy brain stimulation kits to motivate their child. online advertisements have promised immediate results , but have not made the potential dangerous side effects clear. experts have voiced concerns over diy brain stimulation kits for children that are being sold online. professor colleen loo from the black dog institute has been researching transcranial direct current stimulation -lrb- tdcs -rrb- for 20 years and strongly believes that the equipment poses a danger to amateurs and children.
gary ballance 's hundred looks to have closed the door on an england return for kevin pietersen in the near future. that is the view of former captain andrew flintoff -- with ballance , ian bell and joe root surely all now secure in the middle order for the summer. former ashes hero flintoff believes pietersen is now ` running out of time ' to resurrect his test career. gary ballance produced an outstanding display with the bat against west indies on thursday. ballance , ian bell and joe root 's form my have shut the door on a test return for kevin piertersen -lrb- above -rrb-.
healing : mothers have reported powerful properting from eating their placenta. pictured : a smoothie. the 41-year-old mother-of-two is part of a rapidly growing cottage industry that prepares fresh placenta for new mothers. along with some 60 other specialists in this country , she whizzes it into smoothies , or grinds it into pills for women convinced of its health benefits. mothers have reported powerful healing properties , saying that eating their own placenta -lrb- the blood-filled organ that supports the foetus in the womb -rrb- has helped to increase their milk supply , reduce post-natal bleeding , stabilise blood pressure , and , crucially , provide them with more energy to care for their babies.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- `` success kid '' is likely the internet 's most famous baby. you 've seen him in dozens of memes , fist clenched in a determined look of persevering despite the odds. his dad , justin , needs a kidney transplant. about a week ago , laney griner , justin 's wife and sammy 's mother , created a gofundme campaign with a goal of $ 75,000 to help cover the medical expenses that go along with a kidney transplant. the campaign is already a success. griner told the daily dot that her husband was diagnosed with kidney disease in 2006 and suffered complete kidney failure three years later.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- recently , robert kennedy jr. was in sacramento , california , to campaign against senate bill 227 , which makes it harder for parents to opt out of vaccinations. in his remarks at an anti-vaccination movie screening , he decided to compare `` vaccine-induced '' autism to the holocaust. '' a few days later , he apologized to people who were outraged on behalf of the memory of the holocaust. in a statement , kennedy said , `` i want to apologize to all whom i offended by my use of the word to describe the autism epidemic.
graphic images have emerged of a badly beaten transgender prisoner amid reports police ` pulverized ' her face , forced her to strip and shaved her head. pictures show veronica bolina lying partially naked on the ground in front of a group of officers and other prisoners in sao paulo , brazil. the 25-year-old had previously been arrested over an alleged attack on her 73-year-old neighbour. pictures have emerged of transgender woman veronica bolina -lrb- left -rrb- amid reports police ` pulverized ' her face leaving her with horrific injuries -lrb- right -rrb-. images show veronica bolina lying partially naked on the floor in front of a group of officers and other prisoners in the capital sao paulo.
josh warrington admitted he was bored by the end of his fight against dennis tubieron as he eased to a lop-sided points win in leeds. the 24-year-old has been billed as the next ricky hatton due to his impressive fan base and close to 10,000 packed into the first direct arena on saturday night. accompanied to the ring by vinnie jones , the featherweight was never in trouble but failed to deliver the stoppage that had looked a formality during the contest. josh warrington -lrb- right -rrb- poses with vinnie jones after his victory over dennis tubieron. i was getting a bit bored by the end , ' warrington said.
so that 's it from the sportsmail live coverage of real madrid versus granada. goals from cristiano ronaldo -lrb- five , yes , five -rrb- , karim benzema -lrb- two -rrb- , gareth bale and a diego mainz own goal secure a huge win. robert ibanez scored granada 's consolation. if you enjoyed it , why not follow our minute-by-minute updates of tottenham hotspur 's trip to burnley back in the barclays premier league. final score , real madrid 9-1 granada. the biggest win of the la liga season and what a way for the home side to get back to winning ways after el clasico ! 90 mins : a fifth for ronaldo.
controversial wellness blogger belle gibson is still being investigated over claims she faked her cancer battles , despite reports police had dropped the investigation. victoria police had explored the option of criminal charges being levelled against ms gibson after people began to question her cancer claims and charity work last month. one of the charges being considered was obtaining financial advantage by deception , but it had been dropped , according to the herald sun. scroll down for video. however , victoria police told daily mail australia that its position in regards to the ongoing investigation , spearheaded by consumer affairs victoria , had not changed.
` cool ' credentials : this week samantha cameron revealed her love of alternative group poliça. and this week samantha cameron was at it again , revealing her love of alternative group poliça. the american band -- whose name roughly translates as ` policy ' in polish -- are inspired by a radical feminist who described pregnancy as ` barbaric ' , and their songs feature violent imagery. the video for the first single on the group 's most recent album depicts androgynous-looking singer channy leaneagh subjecting her trussed-up alter ego to a violent assault. blood spurts in all directions as she smashes her hands with a hammer , punches her in the face and finally waterboards her.
this is the incredible moment a tiger was sent crashing to the floor after mistiming an attack on a fleet-footed bird. as the tiger raced towards the bird , it flew directly upwards forcing the mammal to try and stop dead in its tracks. oops-a-daisy ! this tiger lots its footing in spectacular style while trying to catch a chicken at a zoo in china. target : as the bird flew upwards the tiger began to rear up , ready to grab its prey from the air. fail : the tiger began to slip as the bird flew higher and higher in a blind panic - and it was all caught on camera by photographer libby zhang.
a body found in the mississippi river over the weekend has been identified as minnesota fourth-grader barway edwin collins who has been missing for nearly four weeks. authorities said the body of the ten-year-old was found on saturday around 1pm by searchers from a boy scout troop - about ten feet from the river 's edge in brooklyn center. crystal police chief stephanie revering said authorities have electronic evidence that shows the boy 's father , pierre collins , 33 , was in that area at the time the boy disappeared. police said on sunday that the boy 's father is a primary suspect as the case becomes a homicide investigation.
lady penelope -lrb- left -rrb- and her faithful chauffeur aloysius parker -lrb- right -rrb- have been given slight tweaks for the 2015 remake of thunderbirds. five. four. three. two. one. thunderbirds are go ! again ! yes , 50 years after the futuristic puppet show launched and landed all over the world , itv is bringing it back. in a nod to 21st-century political correctness , there are also more women and several multicultural characters have been added. geeky scientist brains has lost his bow tie for an open-neck shirt and has been given an indian accent. even lady penelope and her faithful chauffeur aloysius parker have been given slight tweaks for 2015.
she captured hearts across the nation as she realized her dream to play for mount st. joseph 's women 's basketball team in ohio and raised $ 1.5 million - all while battling inoperable brain cancer. and one of the millions lauren hill touched was lebron james , who posted an emotional farewell letter to the teenager via twitter on friday , just hours after she passed away from her rare tumor. scroll down for video. farewell : lebron james -lrb- left -rrb- posted an emotional farewell letter to lauren hill via twitter on friday , just hours after the teenager passed away from terminal brain cancer.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- it 's obvious that tom brady 's love for his wife , model gisele bundchen , will never go out of fashion. bundchen walked the runway for the last time wednesday , and the new england patriots quarterback was n't just there to support her in person , he expressed his emotions to the world on facebook. `` you inspire me every day to be a better person. '' he followed the text with two hashtags , #goat -lrb- `` greatest of all time '' -rrb- and #thebestisyettocome. bundchen , 34 , announced her retirement from the catwalk last weekend.
a woman has been arrested after she allegedly broke into a home on martha 's vineyard , lived inside for at least a week and sold items belonging to the owners in a yard sale. michelle filkins , 44 , of west wareham has been charged with breaking and entering , larceny over $ 250 , and malicious destruction of property. michelle filkins , 44 , of west wareham has been charged with breaking and entering , larceny over $ 250 , and the malicious destruction of property after she was arrested on april 17. filkins was arrested on april 17 after owner mark conklin found her sitting in his summer home.
a 32-year-old english teacher who admitted having sex with a 16-year-old student posted a celebratory selfie on instagram just hours after discovering she had avoided a prison sentence. shelley dufresnein from st charles parish , louisiana , took a plea deal on thursday that gets her out of serving any time behind or having to register as a sex offender. ' however she is still facing charges over a threesome she had with the same student at destrehan high school and another teacher. ` my mood today ' : shelley dufresnein from st charles parish , louisiana , posted this selfie on instagram after discovering she had avoided jail - despite admitting she had sex with a 16-year-old student.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- eternally blooming in kolkata , india , along the hooghly river is malik ghat , a wholesale flower market that attracts more than 2,000 sellers each day. photographer ken hermann visited the market for his project `` flower man , '' which is a series of portraits that casts light upon the people behind the petals. he then decided to create the portraits by the hooghly river. this allowed him to combine the hazy smog in the air , sunlight from above and studio lights of his own , which culminated to produce a surreal effect and overexposed look that made his subjects stand out.
with a mother as glamorous and as make-up savvy as kim kardashian , it 's no surprise that her one-year-old daughter north west is already developing an obsession with beauty products - and shoes. the 34-year-old mom , who married rapper kanye west in may last year , spoke with elle.com about her daughter 's budding independence and style preferences while sharing her approach to being a businesswoman , mother , wife and dressing her post-baby body. ' -lsb- north -rsb- is obsessed with make-up and watching me get ready and getting ready herself , ' kim told the website. ' scroll down for video.
baby malakai has been alive for seven months and he 's never left the hospital. doctors say he may not ever be able to walk. having been diagnosed with a rare medical condition known as pallister killian syndrome -lrb- pks -rrb- , his mother had to give up her job in perth in order to provide full-time care for her son. without an income , stacy maitai has been forced to survive on welfare funding of $ 90 a week to support her baby and her seven-year-old daughter. and the 28-year-old is not eligible for further financial assistance from centrelink as she is not an australian citizen.
quinton ` rampage ' jackson has admitted he has already been through the wringer , even before he steps back into the octagon. jackson returns to the ufc after two years with bellator when he takes on fabio maldonado in montreal on saturday night. but he had to first endure a protracted legal battle before he was permitted to feature at ufc 186. quinton ` rampage ' jackson and fabio maldonado face off during the ufc 186 weigh-in on friday. ' i probably wo n't feel any emotions until after the fight or right before the fight. i feel like the fans wanted to see me fight , a lot of fans bought tickets and wanted to watch the pay-per-view and see this fight so i 'm glad to be here.
britain should be wary of adopting trendy pupil-led teaching techniques from scandinavia because they may be making standards worse , a new report claims. but a new analysis of finnish education suggests pupil aptitude has actually declined since the country embraced fashionable teaching methods. pupil-led techniques : a new analysis of finnish education suggests pupil aptitude has actually declined since the country embraced fashionable teaching methods -lrb- file picture -rrb-. but it has slipped down international rankings tables as the new liberal techniques became more widespread. the findings will add weight to arguments by michael gove that a return to traditional teacher-led lessons are the way to raise standards in schools.
a seven-year-old boy was raped and set on fire by two youths when he went to buy some food. the youths took the boy to an isolated place and raped him. the boy , who suffered 30 per cent burns to his body , somehow managed to escape , sasthe added. the shocking incident occurred in pagma nagar -lrb- located on this map -rrb- , in bhiwandi city , a suburb of mumbai. the incident , which happened in bhiwandi , in mumbai -lrb- stock image -rrb- is being investigated by police. the incident took place in padma nagar in the city of bhiwandi , a suburb of mumbai , police said today.
the owner of an indiana pizza restaurant who was forced to close shop after she told a local news reporter that her establishment would not cater a gay wedding reaffirmed her beliefs in an interview on saturday. crystal o'connor , owner of memories pizza in walkerton , said that she stands by her statement , and that she does not hate gay people - she just does not support gay marriage. crystal o'connor -lrb- above -rrb- , owner of memories pizza in walkerton , indiana , says she stands by her decision to never cater a gay wedding. she has closed her store -lrb- above -rrb- , but said she will reopen again and $ 850,000 has been raised for the business by supporters in just two days.
a former air stewardess who was struck down by a devastating illness is making her catwalk debut today in a wheelchair. gemma flanagan , 31 , from liverpool , was left paralysed after suddenly being hit by guillain barre syndrome , a rare condition which attacks the nervous system. but the aspiring model , 31 , is n't letting that hold her back as she makes her catwalk debut today. air hostess gemma flanagan , pictured strengthening her legs , left , and in a wheelchair , right , was left paralysed after being hit by guillain barre syndrome. ' gemma assumed partying in six-inch heels during her stopover was the cause of the pain in her legs.
suspected rogue trader navinder sarao lived in his parents ' modest home because it gave him a split-second advantage worth millions of pounds - and a potential # 40million offshore nest egg. his family 's semi-detached house in suburban west london is closer to an internet server used by one of the major financial exchanges , giving him a nanosecond advantage over rivals in the city. sarao , 36 , was dubbed the ` hound of hounslow ' after it emerged he lived at home with his parents , despite allegedly making # 26.7 million in just four years of dealing from their home.
for the next 48 hours , however , the pint will have to stay behind the bar as chris ramsey and tim sherwood go toe to toe in the scrap for survival. as far as qpr manager ramsey is concerned , sherwood 's aston villa are in no danger of tumbling out of the barclays premier league , despite their lowly position. the verdict is delivered on the evidence that ramsey has gathered in four years of working alongside sherwood at tottenham. chris ramsey believes his friend and neighbour tim sherwood will keep aston villa in the premier league. but the qpr boss will be pulling no punches when he clashes with his former tottenham colleague on tuesday.
nick clegg deserves another chance at being in power after suffering the wrath of voters , his wife miriam said today. the lib dem leader 's wife said the party 's mps ` deserve ' to be re-elected in may after putting the country above their party for five years ` at great personal cost '. scroll down for video. miriam clegg joined lib dem home office minister lynne featherstone in hornsey and wood green in north london , where they shared a joke over cuddly toy lamb. liberal democrat leader nick clegg takes a short break from campaigning and takes part in go ape haldon forest park near exeter today.
smoking , pregnant , covered in dirt and down-and-out - it 's not how we pictured a superhero. but that 's exactly how they have been imagined in this amusing photo series that reveals how the good guys could end up after their life fighting crime comes to an end. photographer martin beck has snapped captain america , iron man and the green lantern taking a step back from fighting crime and portrays how they are instead focusing on the struggles of getting through the week. scroll down for video. clinging onto their costumes , iron man tucks into chips while superwoman relaxes with a cuppa -lrb- ahmed as ironman , teresa , superwoman -rrb-.
two warring sisters were yesterday stripped of the right to control their aged mother 's fortune because of the intensity of the hatred between them. senior judge denzil lush said the elder sister could be jailed for attempting to alter a legal document , so she could gain greater control over her mother 's money. the mother , who has dementia , lives in a care home in stoke mandeville , buckinghamshire. she owns a # 600,000 house , has savings and shares worth # 100,000 , and has an income of # 1,200 a month. the court of protection case was brought by the office of the public guardian -lrb- pictured -rrb- - the regulator of agreements for people without capacity.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- japan 's space agency announced this week that the country would put an unmanned rover on the surface of the moon by 2018 , joining an elite club of nations who have explored earth 's satellite. the japan aerospace exploration agency -lrb- jaxa -rrb- , divulged the plan to an expert panel , including members of the cabinet and the education , culture , sports , science and technology ministry on monday. if it is approved , the agency will reportedly use its epsilon solid-fuel rocket technology to carry and deploy a slim probe -- the acronym stands for `` smart lander for investigating moon '' -- on the surface of the celestial body.
it 's one of the most boring kitchen jobs ; prepping a mound of potatoes for mash. but this ingenious method eliminates all dinner preparation stress when you 've got a pile to peel. youtuber dave hax 's clever spud solution does away with peelers , and instead lets boiling water do all the hard work. the innovative mr hax , whose youtube channel demonstrates various life hacks , devised the simple kitchen method which results in perfectly peeled potatoes. once all your spuds have been prepared put them in a pan on the hob and add some boiling water from a kettle.
in a week where people have been highlighting the lack of young english talent in the premier league , it 's good to see three youngsters playing in my old position have really caught the eye this season. calum chambers , eric dier and john stones have all enjoyed excellent premier league campaigns. defence is not the easiest area for a young player to make an impression -- managers can be reluctant to trust youth in a position of responsibility -- but these three have done just that. chambers and stones are still 20 and dier is 21 , but there are no signs of fear in their games.
these self-proclaimed countries print their own stamps , wave their own flags and mint their own money. many have also created sashes and pendants for their royalty. but most of their citizens have a population of less than 10. many do n't even live on the land at all. scroll down for video. molossia , population five , is just one of the small , self-proclaimed micronations that will be represented at microcon 2015 in los angeles this weekend. molossia can be found in reno , nevada. at 1.3 acres , the country is the size of a football field. only baugh and his wife and children live in molossia , although it has 27 citizens , as well as its own passports , railroad , phone system , bank , post office and general store.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- a bus collided with a fuel tanker in southern morocco on friday , a fiery crash that killed at least 35 people -- most of them children -- state and local media reported. the accident caused a fire that hollowed out the bus , leaving little more than its frame. after the crash , photos appeared on social media of young , smiling boys in soccer uniforms along with condolence messages such as `` may god have mercy on them '' and `` oh no , they are so young. '' the crash happened near the city of tan-tan just before 7 a.m. , the maghreb arabe presse state news agency reported.
the 250-piece lilly pulitzer for target collection sold out online and flew off of shelves at stores shortly after debuting on sunday morning. lilly leas , the 26-year-old granddaughter of the late palm beach fashion trendsetter , managed to buy a floral-printed hammock online , but only because she set an alarm. the 58-year-old palm beach realtor told the sun sentinel that her mother , who died in 2013 at the age of 81 , ` would have loved the fact that everybody wanted to get something , a piece of lilly '. scroll down for video. family style : the late lilly pulitzer -lrb- center -rrb- and her daughter liza -lrb- right -rrb- wore the designer 's patterns in 2005.
reality star joey essex has claimed to be all at sea when it comes to knowing about politics. so he joined nigel farage on a boat trip in grimsby this morning to try and understand his general election plans. before boarding the boat , essex told reporters that the only thing he knew about the party leader was he is a ` really , really reem guy '. ' as the stunt took a bizarre twist , the ukip leader hailed the tv star as an ` icon of youth '. scroll down for video. towie star joey essex today met ukip leader nigel farage in grimsby as part of his project to find out about the election.
a hue of blue inspired by the waters of hawaii is a prominent feature of the obama state china service being unveiled by the white house. president barack obama is a hawaii native who returns every christmas for vacation. scroll down for video. went bright : michelle obama chose a bold , watery blue hue to accent the obama white house 's official china. pickard , america 's oldest fine china company , has been in business since 1893. south carolina governor 's mansion. united states air force. source. ` it 's a modern and fresh color not previously seen on state chinas , but mrs. obama 's main goal was to create a modern service that is completely compatible and interchangeable and usable with all the historic china services , ' white house curator william allman said during a preview of tuesday 's state dinner.
chelsea were made to work hard for their three points against stoke at stamford bridge on saturday but eden hazard starred for jose mourinho 's team. he slotted chelsea ahead in typically composed fashion from the penalty spot before charlie adam equalised with an astonishing strike from inside his own half shortly before half time. stoke continued to make things difficult for chelsea until an asmir begovic error led to loic remy tapping in the winner. here , sportsmail 's kieran gill gives his player ratings. thibaut courtois -- 5.5. never called into action in the opening 43 minutes but beaten by adam with an incredible strike from inside stoke 's half.
for decades , sheds have a been a place that men build at the bottom of the garden so they have a place to be alone. but now the female sex and demanding a place at the bottom of the garden to call their own - a she shed. scroll down for video. as everyday life gets every more stressful and homes get smaller , women are also looking to the single-storey structures as a safe haven. but while most men might be content with a leaky old shack made of rotting timber , female customers are looking for a home away from home.
with the coffee drinking scene continuing to grow in britain , baristas and cafe owners are putting more thought into the cakes and pasties that accompany your beverage. so the next time you order a latte and reach for a slice of cake , you might want to want to rethink your choice of dessert and have a chelsea bun instead. the next time you order your coffee give some thought to your choice of pastry. the classic english pastry has been identified as the perfect accompaniment to a creamy latte , as well as a cinnamon swirl and a pain au raisin.
a miami university of ohio student killed by her boyfriend in february was shot in her own bed in a locked bedroom as she slept fully clothed , according to a grisly coroner 's report revealed tuesday. rebecca eldemire , 21 , was shot repeatedly in the face with a .357 magnum by her boyfriend , 27-year-old larry tipton. after shooting eldemire twice , tipton laid down face up beside her and fatally shot himself. scroll down for video. killed : larry tipton , left , fatally shot his ex-girlfriend , 21-year-old rebecca eldemire , right , before taking his own life in her off-campus apartment in oxford , ohio on sunday morning.
now showbags cost anywhere from $ 10 to $ 30 and are among the mounting prices parents are paying for their annual trip to the easter show - along with $ 40 entrance fees and $ 15 rides. but are the contents of the bags worth the prices being paid ? the official website of the sydney royal easter show lists the retail value of show bag contents , and reveals that at least one of the bags cost more than it would to buy the items outright. the 2015 sydney royal easter show , which opened to the public last thursday 26 march.
daisy goodwin has has problems with head lice since she was 19 and says she has suffered with them almost 100 times since then. i have nits. i make my excuses and sneak inside to scrape my hair into a ponytail. i should stress i wash my hair pretty much every day and have no other body-borne parasites , such as fleas -- but my scalp is el dorado for lice. dais -lrb- pictured as a child -rrb- says she was never affected by head lice when she was younger , only getting them for the first time when she was 19.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- french customs officers say they have seized more than 2 tons of cocaine aboard a sailboat that was falsely flying an american flag in the caribbean. the drugs , whose value is estimated at more than $ 105 million , are the biggest cocaine seizure ever carried out by french authorities , said michael lachaux , director of customs operations in martinique. officers arrested one venezuelan and two spanish citizens who were on board the vessel off the coast of martinique on wednesday , lachaux said in an interview with the radio station france info on saturday. in november , french customs officials seized nearly 250 kilograms -lrb- 550 pounds -rrb- of cocaine on a vessel that was also off the coast of martinique , according to authorities .
-lrb- cnn -rrb- in case you have n't noticed , we 're in the midst of a medical marijuana revolution. his research has resulted in three cnn documentaries , culminating with `` weed 3 : the marijuana revolution , '' airing at 9 p.m. et/pt sunday. gupta pointed out the 10 diseases where medical marijuana research could have an impact and how it helped to stop one young girl 's severe seizures , and he also referenced other studies. he said that the potential benefits of medical marijuana for people suffering from ptsd is actually the subject of a federally approved study.
as part of its commitment to diversity and inclusion , microsoft has launched a recruitment drive for people with autism. the pilot scheme will begin by recruiting 10 people with autism or asperger syndrome to be based at the firm 's redmond offices in washington. if successful , the scheme could extend to more vacancies worldwide. the pilot scheme will recruit 10 people with autism who will be based in microsoft 's redmond offices in washington -lrb- pictured -rrb-. microsoft is running the scheme with support from specialists at specialisterne. microsoft is running the scheme with support from specialisterne and the announcement was made on the company 's official blog by mary ellen smith , corporate vice president of worldwide operations.
gary locke will be confirmed as kilmarnock 's permanent manager on friday - exactly eight weeks after he was asked to take charge until the end of the season. an announcement will be made by the rugby park club on friday morning , with the former hearts boss being given a three-year deal. and on thursday the 39-year-old paid tribute to the players whose efforts have helped him win favour with new chairman jim mann since he replaced allan johnston on a caretaker basis in february. kilmarnock will confirm gary locke as the club 's new permanent manager on friday. ' ex-killie and hearts player locke , who was crestfallen not to be retained by the tynecastle club as head coach after they were relegated last season , added : ` -lrb- coaches -rrb- alan robertson and billy thomson have done a fantastic job in helping me , too.
a stunning italian political candidate who has posted dozens of pictures of herself in skimpy bikinis has denied using her looks to get votes. but the 36-year-old , who is hoping to represent caldoro in campania , southern italy after may 's regional elections , defended her photographs. pictures of stefania la greca , who is running for local elections in southern italy , have gone viral ahead of the elections in may. ms la greca -lrb- left -rrb- is a political candidate for the lega sud ausonia party which wants independece while nicola sturgeon , is leader of the scottish national party.
two jihadi brides have escaped from islamic state 's female police force and revealed the horrifying punishments they used to inflict on other women. doaa and umm , whose names have been changed to conceal their identities , were smuggled from raqqa , in syria , to southern turkey after leaving the al-khansa brigade earlier this year. the pair said they used to be heavily involved in punishing others who did not obey the group 's rules - including giving 60 lashes to those who tried to flee. scroll down for video. in an interview with sky news doaa , who left after her saudi arabian husband blew himself up in a suicide attack , said women also received a ` standard ' 40 lashes if they did not wear proper islamic dress.
visitors to a metro-detroit museum have a chance to get an up-close look at the chair abraham lincoln was shot in at washington d.c. 's ford 's theatre in 1865 next week as the museum puts it center stage. the red , worn chair will be removed from its enclosure at dearborn 's henry ford museum and displayed in an open plaza on april 15 as part of the museum 's observance of the assassination 's 150 anniversary. the chair in which abraham lincoln was shot has been on display at the henry ford museum in dearborn , michigan , for 85 years.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- one of the biggest stars in mixed martial arts is wanted for questioning after a hit-and-run crash in new mexico. jon `` bones '' jones , the reigning ufc light heavyweight champion , is wanted for `` his possible involvement in a hit-and-run accident '' sunday morning , albuquerque police said. a pregnant woman in her 20s who was driving another vehicle suffered minor injuries in the accident , police said. `` officers attempted to contact mr. jones at his residence sunday evening , but were unsuccessful , '' albuquerque police said in a statement. '' police stressed that they can not confirm whether jones was involved in the crash.
hillary rodham clinton 's presidential campaign will center on boosting economic security for the middle class and expanding opportunities for working families , while casting the former senator and secretary of state as a ` tenacious fighter ' able to get results , two senior advisers said on saturday. ' the senior advisers provided the first preview of the message clinton planned to convey when she launches her long-anticipated campaign on sunday with an online video. scroll down for video. two senior advisers said on saturday that hillary clinton 's presidential campaign will center on boosting economic security for the middle class and expanding opportunities for working families.
unbeaten boxer danny garcia , who defeated amir khan in four rounds in 2012 , revealed he will carry an unusual advantage when he steps into the ring to face lamont peterson on saturday. when asked by entertainment channel tmz to reveal something embarrassing about himself , the us boxer explained he has an extra toe on his right foot before promptly removing his sock to show off his secret weapon. danny garcia -lrb- 2nd left -rrb- is set to fight lamont peterson -lrb- 2nd right -rrb- in a non-title fight on saturday. garcia -lrb- 2nd right -rrb- poses with -lrb- l-r -rrb- andy lee , peterson and peter quillin ahead of their new york showdown.
rapper vanilla ice. avoided prosecution in florida on thursday after agreeing to a. plea deal over a grand theft charge from february , his attorney said. the rapper , whose real name is robert van winkle , appeared. estate of a neighbor in lantana for allegedly stealing furniture. and pool equipment from the $ 1million home , according to the pre-trial intervention. deal. vanilla ice , whose real name is robert van winkle , appeared in palm beach county court on thursday and agreed to a plea deal over a grand theft charge. he agreed to perform 100 hours of community service and pay $ 1,333 to the estate of a neighbor for allegedly stealing from the $ 1million home.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- about a quarter of a million australian homes and businesses have no power after a `` once in a decade '' storm battered sydney and nearby areas. about 4,500 people have been isolated by flood waters as `` the roads are cut off and we wo n't be able to reach them for a few days , '' michael langley , spokesman for the new south wales state emergency service said. the storm system also brought destructive flooding that washed away houses and brought down trees onto streets and buildings. the emergency services have been slammed with 13,000 calls for help due to flooding and have carried out 144 rescue tasks.
a year after he launched his own app and made headlines , leo grand is still homeless. on the night he launched his first app , a homeless man predicted that his life was going to change. ' i can work at google , i can work at spacex , ' leo grand gleefully stated minutes after his carpooling app trees for cars went live. but trees for cars is no longer available , and grand is still homeless , mashable reported. in august 2013 mcconlogue offered grand , the homeless man he saw every day on his walk to work in new york city , a deal : he would either give him $ 100 , or he would teach him how to code.
travel to the tropics today and you 'll experience balmy annual mean temperatures of 30 °c -lrb- 85 °f -rrb-. but travel there 2.4 billion years ago , and it 's likely you would have been subjected to arctic-like temperatures of -40 °c -lrb- -40 °f -rrb-. this so-called ` snowball earth ' theory suggests that our planet was once entirely frozen over - and it could have implications for finding life on other frozen worlds like europa and enceladus. it suggests temperatures at earth 's equator were -40 °c -lrb- -40 °f -rrb- 2.4 billion years ago -lrb- artist 's illustration shown -rrb-.
the high-achieving high schoolers have each been accepted to all eight ivy league schools : brown university , columbia university , cornell university , dartmouth college , harvard university , university of pennsylvania , princeton university and yale university. and as well as the ivy league colleges , each of them has also been accepted to other top schools. the daughter of somali immigrants who has already received a u.n. award and wants to improve education across the world. munira khalif , who attends mounds park academy in st. paul , minnesota , was shocked when she was accepted by eight ivy schools and three others - but her teachers were not.
the altamura man became the oldest neanderthal to have his dna extracted by researchers. scientists in southern italy have known about him since 1993 , when spelunkers spied his skull staring blankly back at them from its nook in the lamalunga cave , deep under the town of altamura. the cave explorers told researchers at the university of bari what they 'd found , according to their report published in march in the journal of human evolution and phys.org. altamura man 's intact skull and jumbled pile of bones made for a great specimen , but they were wedged into a panoply of stalactites and stony globules deposited by water dripping over them for tens of thousands of years.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- the fbi is investigating a possible isis-inspired terrorist threat in the united states , law enforcement officials said saturday. the investigation originated from intercepted chatter and other intelligence information that led officials to believe a possible plot could be in the works , the officials said. no arrests have been made. one official said it focused on parts of california where officials stepped up security , a u.s. official said. the transportation security administration alerted local law enforcement agencies that are responsible for external security around airports , but officials said the possible threat is not necessarily aviation-related.
love the lighting in these photography shots ? they become even more awe-inspiring at the realisation that they 're paintings , and someone spent between 50 to 300 hours painstakingly creating them. patrick kramer is a 33-year-old artist hailing from springville , utah , who specialises in remarkably hyper-realistic paintings. scroll down for video. in this image , he has painted a falling woman with a deeply intricate background. the us artist specialises in beautifully in-depth oil painted portraits , including this intricate black and white portrait of a man called matt. the paintings , including this of a sleeping young girl called anna , take the artist up to 50 to 300 hours to complete.
punters have reacted with a mixture of amusement and fury to the announcement future music festival will not return to australia in 2016. many people were genuinely upset over the cancellation - blaming the festival organisers for sending themselves broke by spending too much money on headline acts drake and avicii. scroll down for video. punters have reacted with a mixture amusement and fury to the announcement future music festival will not return to australia in 2016. more than 230 people were arrested over drug-related offences at future music festival events around the country , which took place in sydney , perth , adelaide , melbourne and brisbane between february 28 and march 9.
when leaving a place of work , most people will usually avoid burning bridges. engineering an amicable exit is common protocol , even when the employee ca n't wait to get the hell out of there. but one disgruntled staff member at an anonymous firm decided to skip the pleasantries and pen an incredibly sarcastic resignation letter announcing their impending departure to bosses. a reddit user wrote an incredibly sarcastic resignation letter to their boss. they apologise for the death of a step-mother , sickness and subsequent doctor 's appointments. the letter reads : ' i am sorry that my step-mother died so suddenly from cancer.
simon calvert of the christian institute says forcing teachers to promote gay relationships would be making them choose between their faith and their job. schools should be forced to promote gay relationships in sex education lessons , union leaders say. the national union of teachers has called for a ` positive portrayal of same sex relationships ' in lessons to be made ` compulsory ' under the next government. meanwhile , christian groups warned it would compel teachers at faith schools to act against their beliefs. simon calvert of the christian institute said : ` this motion is itself an act of intolerance towards mainstream christians and their beliefs.
a mysterious sinkhole spewing fire and incredible heat has appeared in a chinese hillside. geologists and media have flocked to the desolate mountain on the outskirts of urumqi , in xinjiang uyghur autonomous region in north-western china , since it appeared a few weeks ago. scroll down for video. the heat blasting from the ` ring of fire ' has been measured at 792c -lrb- 1457f -rrb- from two metres away , reports people 's daily online , and is so intense that experts ca n't get close enough to determine how deep the hole is. video footage of the 3ft-wide hole shows locals igniting branches and grass by pushing it to the rim.
as sensational an own goal as his inadvertently precise lob over adrian was in west ham 's 2-0 defeat at manchester city , it was not the weekend 's most bizarre. that honour falls to mohammad shatnawi of jordanian club al faisaly , whose effort will be considered as one of the strangest own goals ever. his team were 1-0 down against al whidat in the amman derby when their opponents pushed forward , looking to double their lead. video - scroll down to see mohammad shatnawi 's amazing own goal. mohammed shatnawi bizarrely scored an own goal by kicking the ball over his head at the weekend.
but yesterday the prime minister used a selfie stick for the first time. it happened as david cameron toured pirate fm during a visit to cornwall to lay out conservative plans for the southwest. prime minister david cameron , pictured , used a selfie stick for the first time during visit to cornwall. the pm posed with the telescopic device to take a photograph with staff at pirate fm. selfie sticks work by fixing the camera to an adjustable clamp on a telescopic arm , allowing the users to feature in the wide angle photo they are taking. mr cameron travelled down to the south west on the sleeper train.
arizona 's only hispanic governor , raul castro , has died at age 98. castro passed away on friday morning while in his sleep in san diego where he was in hospice care , family spokesman james garcia said. during his career , castro also served as an american ambassador to three countries including el salvador , bolivia and argentina. arizona governor doug ducey said castro ` lived a full life of exemplary service to arizona and its people. ' raul hector castro -lrb- above pictured in 2006 -rrb- , former governor of arizona died on friday morning. ` he was an honorable public servant , a history-maker , a beloved family man and a strong friend and fighter for arizona , ' ducey said in a statement.
a florida woman who fled with her 4-year-old son to keep his circumcision from going forward has filed a civil rights lawsuit on behalf of the boy. heather hironimus , who filed the complaint late monday , is hoping a federal judge might intervene where state judges have n't. the complaint is repeating her claims that surgery on her 4-year-old son is n't necessary , that the boy does n't want it , and that his constitutional rights are being violated. her arrest was ordered after she fled in february and ignored a judge 's demand that she appear in court and allow the circumcision to go forward.
property portfolio : sol campbell and his wife fiona. the polls might have the parties neck-and-neck -- but it looks like sol campbell is taking no chances. for the second time this year , the former england footballer is selling a multi-million pound property -- leading to speculation he wants to dodge labour 's mansion tax if the party wins the election. an outspoken critic of the policy , campbell has even threatened to leave the country if the tax on properties over # 2million comes into force. land registry documents suggest the sale was registered the day after higher stamp duty levies came into effect.
`` arrested development '' executive producer brian grazer said the show will return for a fifth season of 17 episodes. netflix had no comment for cnn when asked to verify his statements. the fourth season was streamed exclusively on netflix in 2013 , after fox canceled the show several years before. despite critical acclaim , the series never had big ratings , but has a devoted fan base , who often quote from the show. it was not yet known if the full cast , including jason bateman , michael cera and will arnett , will return for the season .
a four-poster bed which was dumped in a hotel car park and sold for # 2,200 has been verified as once belonging to king henry vii -- and it could now be worth millions. the intricately-carved ornate bed was left in the car park of the former redland house hotel in hough green , chester , by builders who were renovating the property. the four-poster oak wood bed -lrb- above -rrb- , which was dumped in the car park of redland house hotel in chester and later sold at auction for # 2,200 , has now been confirmed by dna as once belonging to king henry vii.
tony blair yesterday faced accusations of ` megalomania ' over an interview in which he vowed to set up his own ` leaders club ' of ex-statesmen -- and appeared to dismiss the need for democracy. tony blair on the cover of newsweek. the former prime minister said his ideas of leadership were ` close to a benevolent dictatorship ' in the profile in the american magazine newsweek , mr blair also praised the authoritarian military regime in egypt , which has been accused of human rights abuses , saying : ` yes , democracy is important , but democracy is not on its own sufficient.
kabul , afghanistan -lrb- cnn -rrb- it is a strangely detached scene for the close of america 's longest war : military trainers bouncing between multi-million dollar , high security bases , on black hawks , miles from the front line. and even though the departure of american troops will be fractionally slower , they will all be inside the u.s. embassy by the end of next year , making these some of their last weeks outside of the wire. we are near jalalabad , at a regional logistics hub for the afghan police force -- a generous facility that was originally intended to resupply the entire east of the country with uniforms , ammunition , even fuel for vehicles.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- as ash from chile 's calbuco volcano spread east into argentina , geologists warned of the potential for more activity friday. `` there is more seismic activity ... and we think there will be more activity today , '' helmuth huerta , a spokesman for chile 's national geological and mining service , told cnn. the volcano has already erupted twice this week , spewing ash to a depth of about 23 1/2 inches -lrb- 60 centimeters -rrb- in some places , according to the ministry of interior and public safety. new advisories say airborne ash could reach an altitude of 12,000 feet.
manchester city boss manuel pellegrini is braced for a ferocious derby clash at old trafford this weekend. the fading barclays premier league champions take on manchester united on sunday having unexpectedly fallen behind their arch-rivals in the table. manuel pellegrini is relishing the prospect of taking on manchester united with manchester city on sunday. david silva -lrb- centre -rrb- leaves the pitch looking despondent after city 's 2-1 loss to crystal palace on monday. sergio aguero -lrb- centre -rrb- is blocked out by damien delaney -lrb- left -rrb- and james mcarthur of palace. that is now far from certain following a dramatic slump in fortunes while united , ordinary for much of the campaign , appear to have clicked into gear in the last month.
while easter in the uk is celebrated with chocolate eggs and a roast lamb , in greece they mark the day slightly differently - and a week later. as orthodox easter sunday was held , thousands of homemade rockets were aimed at church towers in the aegean island of chios by rival parishioners in their traditional ` mock war '. dozens of brave souls even attend the late-night services inside the churches of aghios markos and panaghia erithiani while the annual battle is held -- even when the structures and surrounding homes are ringed in defensive veils of chicken wire. although small firework displays are held at churches around the country at midnight services on easter saturday - despite official disapproval from church officials - vrontados is in a league of its own , drawing spectators from all over greece and abroad.
an uber customer was hit with a huge $ 16,000 bill for her 7-mile nightmare journey across new york. jaime hessel said her driver had been on his phone , cut across lanes , and even driven down a bus lane during the 35 minute ` trip from hell ' from her east williamsburg apartment to midtown east. so she was stunned to receive a message from the cab-hailing app telling her she owed them thousands of dollars for the trip across boroughs , reported the gothamist. scroll down for video. horrified : jaimie hessel says uber billed her $ 16,000 for a 35-minute ` car ride from hell ' - and says she 's never going to trust the cab-hailing service again.
but for this tiny chihuahua , having a best friend 120 times his size is proving a great source of comfort. fortunately , he was rescued by the rspca and taken to their southridge centre in hertfordshire - where he quickly became inseparable from 9st mastiff nero. scroll down for video. new pals : tiny chihuahua digby with best friend nero , a 9st mastiff who is 120 times the size. digby was rescued by the rspca and taken to a centre in hertfordshire where the two have quickly become inseparable. ` poor digby had to be rescued once by the rspca and it seems like he is taking precautions to make sure nothing can happen to him again.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- a mammoth fire broke out friday morning in a kentucky industrial park , sending plumes of thick smoke over the area as authorities worked to contain the damage. the blaze began shortly before 7 a.m. at the general electric appliance park in louisville , according to mike weimer from the city 's emergency management agency. firefighters took up positions around the affected buildings , spraying water from the periphery. weimer told cnn that authorities did n't know what had caused the fire , which had gone to at least four alarms. according to a ge website , its facility in the louisville appliance park is `` revitalizing manufacturing in the united states.
russian president vladimir putin said russia has key interests in common with the united states and needs to work with it on a common agenda. russia has key interests in. common agenda , russian president vladimir putin said on saturday. in his comments to the state-run rossiya channel , putin. western powers , have soured over the conflict in russia 's. that unites us , that forces us to work together , ' putin said. ' i mean general efforts directed at making the world economy. is more democratic. ' putin has in the past fiercely attacked the united states. and the west in general , blaming them for the ukraine crisis ,.
when melbourne mother-of-two , kady marsh , took her seven-week-old baby aside to breastfeed at a popular sydney hotel , the last thing she expected was to be told to put her breast away. when she moved to a quiet corner of the hotel 's lounge area with baby isla , she says she was confronted by hotel management and told she could n't breastfeed because the area was for ` over 18s only. ' ` a young manager came over , pointed to a sign above me and said : `` ca n't you see it says over 18s only ? '' ' kady told daily mail australia.
at waterloo napoleon did surrender. so go the opening lyrics to abba 's eurovision winner. research has revealed that three out of four people have little or no knowledge about the battle of waterloo. only just over half -lrb- 53 per cent -rrb- know the duke of wellington led the british forces , while one in seven believe that it was the french who were victorious in 1815. veeker 's rendering of the battle between wellington 's anglo-dutch army and the french : forty-seven per cent of 2,070 adults polled said they did n't know who led british forces against france in the battle.
england must have played against worse teams than this st kitts invitational xi but , after a day that descended into near farce , it is difficult to think of any. st kitts were simply shambolic , so bad that chigwell cricket club could give them a decent game , and an almost tragic example of the steep decline of caribbean cricket. jos buttler appeals for a stumping as england dominated the second day of a farcical match in st kitts. mark wood looked lively in his early spell after he was brought in for his first bowl for england. the statistics will say that england , having bowled st kitts out for 59 on the first day of their opening two-day tour match , rattled up 379 for six declared with both alastair cook and ian bell retiring out.
but this is n't the real duke and duchess of cambridge. instead , it 's their puppet likenesses - commissioned for itv 's new comedy spoof show , newzoids. and the duke and duchess are n't the only royals to get a puppet makeover. their dolls will be joined by an even more amusing version of prince harry , as well as a roster of celebrities. scroll down for video. plastic princess : the duchess of cambridge is about to make her debut in puppet form. the show , which has been likened to 1980s behemoth spitting image , starts later this month and , according to makers citrus tv , will offer a similarly light-hearted take on current affairs.
kathmandu , nepal -lrb- cnn -rrb- when the earthquake struck , we huddled under a concrete beam -- and prayed. worried sick , i foolishly went into the house for a second time to get my belongings and leave for home. another tremor -- the first of many to aftershocks that have continued to strike an already traumatized city -- shook the house. a mud-and-brick cottage had fallen on a blue motorbike but no trace could be found of its rider. locals were searching for survivors , but progress was slow. temples that sat on impressive staircase-style pyramids were now dust.
pilots have reported 167 cases of toxic cabin fumes or smoke in only four months , official safety figures reveal. twelve of the cases resulted in the pilots requesting a priority landing , one flight was diverted and on two flights the pilots made an emergency mayday call. among the worst cases , one incident report in february noted : ` fumes in cabin. eleven of the cabin crew became unwell during flight , with symptoms of light-headedness , nausea and `` sea sickness ''. ' victim ? it is suspected british airways pilot richard westgate , who died in 2012 , had aerotoxic syndrome.
in fact , this gorgeous twosome , who met on instagram and live in milton keynes , could easily be contenders for the uk 's fittest couple. scroll down for video. lydia millen and ali gordon met on instagram after he liked one of her pictures , the pair have now been dating two years and could easily be the uk 's fittest couple. i smoked up to 20 cigarettes a day , binge drank at weekends and my diet was just awful i did n't have a clue and was majorly under eating. i 've now been smoke free for two years and i ca n't remember the last time i had a drink.
drawing a world map from scratch would already be considered a difficult feat , let alone taking on the near-impossible task of doing it from memory. the 11-year-old boy with autism is seen drawing the intricate map of the world from scratch. a professor in new york invited her 11-year-old autistic son to one of her classes , during which he got up on a chair and drew the world map from memory. a student took the photos and her father posted them on the online community , reddit , as user bobitis. he came into the classroom today and did this.
a 17-year-old connecticut girl who was forced to have chemotherapy for her cancer has finally been released from hospital after she was removed from her home almost four months ago. cassandra fortin has finished the treatment a court ruled that she must undergo at connecticut children 's medical center for hodgkin 's lymphoma , which she was diagnosed with in september. as she was discharged from the facility on monday , the teenager said she was ` happy ' to be heading back to her hartford home after spending five months undergoing chemotherapy to save her life. ' released : cassandra fortin , 17 , -lrb- pictured with her mother jackie -rrb- was released from hospital on monday after she was made to undergo chemotherapy for hodgkin 's lymphoma , which she was diagnosed with last year.
a female ceo from texas is under fire this week for saying that a woman can not be president because of her ` hormones. ' cheryl rios , who runs the company go ape marketing , posted her views on her facebook page on sunday after hillary clinton announced that she was going to run for president. scroll down for video. women have hormones : cheyrl rios does n't think a woman can be president because she has female ` hormones ' that would get in the way of her being able to start a war. leading lady : democratic presidential hopeful and former us secretary of state , hillary clinton , pictured on april 15 , announced her plans to run for president on sunday.
a university of virginia student whose reputation was trashed by rolling stone 's discredited tale of a violent gang rape on campus has taken the magazine to task for not firing anybody after its story fell apart. alex stock , a former friend of supposed victim ` jackie ' , spoke out after he featured in the now-infamous feature a rape on campus , and was painted as a callous social climber who discouraged a rape victim from speaking out. scroll down for video. taking to task : alex stock , right , who was portrayed as a callous social climber in rolling stone 's uva discredited campus rape story said the magazine should be held accountable.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- a large storm system dubbed typhoon maysak is churning over the pacific ocean , days away from a possible direct hit on the philippines. maysak is moving west-northwest after skirting the federated states of micronesia , according to the u.s. joint typhoon warning center. its eye is projected to make landfall in the central or northern part of the philippine island of luzon on sunday , though the country 's residents could start feeling its effects days before. the international red cross noted that `` many people are expected to throng coastal areas at this time. '' images of the typhoon as seen from the international space station were posted to twitter , including a vine video showing the swirling eye of the storm.
as manager of rangers , stuart mccall has learned to tolerate supporters booing their own players. growing up watching leeds united , he was less forgiving. terry yorath had just taken over from billy bremner and it was boooooo ... rangers manager stuart mccall has had to get used to his players being booed by supporters. lee mcculloch , the rangers captain , was booed for an error that led to a goal against raith rovers. mccall hopes that for the time that he is manager of rangers , mcculloch will be the last player to get booed. culpable for a raith rovers goal , the veteran defender suffered the embarrassment of being booed by his own supporters.
for 43 years cuba has provided refuge for hill from facing charges that he killed a new mexico police officer and hijacked an airliner to havana. before talking more , hill finishes his plastic glass of beer and takes a final draw on his stub of a cigarette. but he craves the kind of french fries that only capitalism can make. new mexico , where hill 's case has been open for decades , followed up on the shift in policy from the obama administration with gov. susana martinez asking washington to pursue hill 's extradition. critics of the new opening to cuba say havana 's harboring of fugitives like charlie hill is enough of a reason to maintain a hard line against the government of raul castro and keep cuba on the state department list of countries that support terrorism.
drilling threes on the buzzer is all good as far as cleveland cavaliers superstar lebron james is concerned - the buzzing of drills at the dentist is a whole other story. the 11-time all star brushed off rough treatment from the chicago bulls as his cavs won on sunday by saying it 's the sort of thing nba stars should expect come this stage of the season. but the self-titled king james ' talk was n't so tough as he paid a second visit to the dentist 's chair in a fortnight , as shared with his 9.3 million followers on instagram.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- the story of anthony stokes was supposed to have a happy ending. instead it ended tuesday , police say , with the teen heart transplant recipient carjacking someone , burglarizing a home , shooting at an elderly woman , leading police on a high speed chase and then dying after his car hit a pole. in 2013 , the teen 's family told media that an atlanta hospital rejected him for heart transplant surgery due to what the hospital described in a letter as stokes ' `` history of non-compliance. bell told cnn that a doctor told the family that anthony 's low grades and time in juvenile detention factored into the hospital 's decision to deny him a heart.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- tobacco companies including philip morris and r.j. reynolds filed suit this week against the food and drug administration alleging that the fda is violating the companies ' free speech rights. in march , the fda issued guidance that if significant changes are made to a product 's label , like color or a logo , the product requires new approval from the administration. the suit , filed in u.s. district court in washington , argues that those guidelines go too far and are too vague. they violate the first amendment because they pre-emptively restrict free speech and exceed the scope of the tobacco control act , the companies claim.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- have you ever found the creative inspiration you were seeking at the most unexpected time , or thought you were having that long-awaited problem-solving epiphany just as you nodded off to sleep ? according to neuroscientists john kounios and mark beeman , there 's a reason for that. the book explains how to clear out mental junk , in order to make way for pivotal revelations. cognitive psychologists call these ` remote associations '. they are processed mostly in the brain 's right hemisphere. however , if a person imagines a specific future that makes them anxious , then insightfulness could decrease because anxiety is a creativity killer.
a university student attacked by a serial rapist confronted him in court yesterday to say he had taken away ` every piece of joy ' in her life. jessica howard , 23 , denounced ` night stalker ' clive howard , 57 , for his string of assaults on six women over 28 years. clive howard , 57 , -lrb- left -rrb- dubbed ` every woman 's living nightmare ' , was today jailed for life and one of his victim 's , jessica howard , 23 , -lrb- right -rrb- who has bravely waived her right to anonymity. waiving her right to anonymity , the student -- who is not related to the rapist -- said he had ` humiliated ' her and ruined precious relationships with those closest to her.
grown ups reaching for the crayons is a new global trend it seems , as adults say they 're attracted to the creativity that colouring in affords. scottish illustrator johanna basford has sold more than 1.4 million copies of her colouring-in book for grown-ups , secret garden. art and flowers : the book is the most popular in its genre and has now been translated into 22 languages. a book called secret garden by scottish illustrator johanna basford , which includes 96 pages of black-and-white drawings has sold more than 1.4 million copies and is riding high in the bestsellers chart.
she may have been shying away from the cameras on made in chelsea so far this season , but lucy watson proves her career is stronger than ever as she 's unveiled as the face of another campaign. the reality tv star is every inch the beach babe as the face of very.co.uk 's #cantwaitforsummer campaign. the 24-year-old brings the spirit of summer to shoppers , showing off her effortless beach body in the fun and flirty high-summer designs. scroll down for video. lucy watson showcases her toned body as the face of very.co.uk 's #cantwaitforsummer campaign. the reality tv star , who will be returning to made in chelsea in the coming weeks , is every inch the beach babe as she models the colourful clothes in the new shoot.
peerless champion jockey ap mccoy described the final day of his record-breaking career as ` the hardest day ' of his life as he left sandown on saturday night and headed into retirement. ' mccoy , the iron-man of jump racing , shed tears as he paraded in front of the grandstand after finishing third on box office in the bet365 handicap hurdle , his last-ever ride. ap mccoy was reduced to tears as he competed as a professional jockey for the last-ever time on saturday. an emotional mccoy could n't contain his emotions as he waved to the crowd after his last race.
some 35,000 gathered on the white house south lawn monday morning for the 137th annual easter egg roll festivities. pop band fifth harmony and duo mkto brought music to the event , and mrs obama joined the so you think you can dance all stars on stage taking the spotlight during a choreographed routine. this comes only days after she sported her mom dance moves on the tonight show starring jimmy fallon during a segment called the evolution of mom dancing part 2. however , this year there was a disturbance when bees started buzzing near the children gathered for story-time on the south lawn.
now one of the stars of the show , binky felstead , 24 , has opened up her closet to give wannabe sloane rangers a helping hand in achieving the polished , put-together look she is famed for. scroll down for video. binky said that faux fur is one of her top tips for achieving chelsea street style. binky has been in the cast of the hit e4 programme since 2011 when it first started , along with spencer matthews and rosie fortescue. she is known for her simple but chic looks and her love of statement eye make-up on a night out.
i 've lost count. last saturday 's inept capitulation to aston villa was the most recent occasion : a soft goal down after 45 minutes and an expensively assembled team which looked as if it had been recruited from the local jobcentre half an hour before the kick-off. stephen dodd took this photograph of asif bodi and abubakar bhula praying at anfield last month. and given football 's tragic history , from ibrox to hillsborough , their caution is well-merited. so it was surprising , to say the least , to see that photograph of two muslim liverpool supporters praying to mecca at half-time in an fa cup match.
ahead of another weekend in the barclays premier league , sportsmail brings you the latest squad news , odds and stats on every top flight fixture as it breaks. simply click on your team in the fixture list below to find out who is ruled out and who is making a return as well as all the key statistics surrounding your club 's fixture. in or out ? keep up-to-date with all the latest team news and stats ahead of the premier league weekend. swansea city vs everton -lrb- 12.45 pm -rrb-. southampton vs hull city -lrb- 3pm -rrb-. sunderland vs crystal palace -lrb- 3pm -rrb-.
'' we 're playing checkers on the middle east game board and tehran 's playing three-dimensional chess. iran has no problem reconciling its bad and contradictory behavior while we twist ourselves into knots over our tough choices , all the while convincing ourselves that america 's policy on the nuclear issue is on the right track. iran is n't 10 feet tall in this region , but by making the nuclear issue the be-all and end-all that is supposed to reduce iran 's power , the united states is only making tehran taller. iran is about to try a u.s. citizen and washington post reporter and we have made a judgment that even while we protest , we will keep the nuclear issue separated not just from this case but from iran 's serial abuse of human rights , including the behavior of its shia militias in iraq.
and for one man , it was a risk that most certainly did n't pay off after he was very publicly turned down by his girlfriend during an appearance on the jeremy kyle show. the big moment : jeremy kyle show guest jamie goes down on one knee in front of girlfriend dawn. having refused to take one of the show 's famous lie detector tests , jamie attempts to show his love for dawn by proposing - but has the ring thrown back in his face. but following dawn 's dramatic walkout , jamie , flanked by a furrow-browed mr kyle , insisted that it had all been a huge mistake.
point of view footage captured the terrifying moment a skier became caught up in an avalanche. skiing with a friend in revelstoke , canada , zach birnie stands at the top of a mountain and films the surrounding scenery with a camera mounted to his helmet. skiing off to the right , the man makes a controlled turn and begins heading back across the mountain -- thick snow can be seen burying his skis. suddenly he begins panic and while not entirely visible to the camera , a minor avalanche occurs behind him. panicking , the man attempts to come to a stop , but the heavy snow continues to push him down the mountain.
women with advanced cervical cancer -- the most common cancer afflicting young women -- are to get the first officially approved new treatment for a decade. trials show avastin , which is used in several other cancers , gives women around four months ' extra life. the drug plus chemotherapy has now been licensed by european regulators. patients will have access via the cancer drugs fund -lrb- cdf -rrb- until it is considered for routine nhs use. scroll down for video. drug : trials show avastin , which is used in several other cancers , gives women about four months ' extra life.
one of us is a college student , born into a political family , while the other is a former congressman from south carolina and father of five children. the other will receive this award in recognition of the stand he took when he broke with his party and sacrificed his political career to support responsible action to combat climate change. we share an unwavering belief that the united states must lead the world on climate change and seize opportunities for unity , growth and progress. we believe that president kennedy 's courageous leadership in space exploration holds lessons that can help guide us forward.
the husband of a woman who bravely battled cancer only to die of a deadly bug after being left in a filthy hospital room has spoken of his heartbreak. retired chief executive rené dee watched as his wife eileen , 68 , slipped away just days after catching the infection and before the couple 's son had a chance to say goodbye. ' rené dee had to watch as his wife eileen , 68 , died just days after catching a lethal infection. she had been battling cancer when she caught the bug while undergoing treatment at the royal sussex county hospital.
a mother has revealed her addiction to alcohol has cost the nhs more than # 100,000. julie merner 's heavy drinking has resulted in her being admitted to hospital 13 times in the last six years. in january , following her latest admission , the 39-year-old vowed to quit the habit , which has ravaged her liver , causing her to suffer severe cirrhosis. not a drop of alcohol has passed ms merner 's lips since january - marking her longest spell of abstinence. scroll down for video. julie merner , 39 , has revealed her alcoholism has cost the nhs # 100,000.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- where do you go from here ? the fourth season of `` game of thrones '' saw massive battles , major deaths -lrb- tywin ! -rrb- and white walkers , but what can fans expect sunday as we head into a fifth season of one of the most popular shows in hbo history ? it 's the most high-profile premiere yet , airing simultaneously in 170 countries for the first time. -lrb- hbo is a time warner company , like cnn. `` we 're going to start seeing some of the show 's major story arcs coming together , '' gross said -lrb- as confirmed by the executive producers -rrb-.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- the parents of the youngest victim of the boston marathon bombings are making an emotional , passionate plea to take the death penalty off the table for the man convicted in the case. last week , dzhokhar tsarnaev was found guilty on all 30 charges he faced related to the bombings at the 2013 race and the dramatic violence that dragged out for days afterward. the sentencing phase begins tuesday , a day after this year 's edition of the landmark race. the 13th juror : now it gets real. in a front-page opinion piece in the boston globe , bill and denise richard wrote about the toll taken on their family after the death of their 8-year-old son , martin.
he earns millions playing for a barcelona team regarded as one of the greatest in history and spends his time-off relaxing at the beach with his beautiful wife , is ivan rakitic living the dream of every sports fan ? spanish beauty raquel mauri , whom the croatia international married in 2013 , posted an insight into the pair 's enviable lifestyle featuring a selfie of the two of them taking in some sun , surf and sand. life looks good for ivan rakitic and his stunning wife raquel mauri as the relax at the beach. rakitic speaks to rafinha during training as barcelona continue their pursuit of glory.
former toronto mayor rob ford has announced that he will undergo ` very serious ' surgery to remove a cancerous tumor in his abdomen. in an emotional press conference on thursday , the 45-year-old politician said he met with doctors who told him chemotherapy and radiation have shrunk the tumor to a size where they can operate. four surgeons will carry out the eight - to ten-hour operation on may 11 , and he will remain in hospital for 10 to 14 days , he said. he hopes to return to work in september. scroll down for video. emotional : rob ford announced on thursday that he will undergo a lengthy operation to remove a cancerous tumor from his abdomen in may.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- the question : how can i know if my food is safe to eat after a specific product recall ? the answer : many of us shed a few tears over the recent sabra hummus recall -lrb- even though we are perfectly capable of making our own at home -rrb- , but that sadness quickly transformed into anxiety when we looked inside our refrigerators and saw the potentially tainted culprit sitting there on the shelf. related : amy 's kitchen recalls more than 70,000 cases of food due to fear of listeria contamination. the first step , according to swartzberg , is to go to the food and drug administration 's website and find the official report for the recalled product you 're worried about.
british no 2 aljaz bedene was unable to sustain his strong run since switching allegiance from slovenia , crashing out of the grand prix hassan ii in casablanca in the last eight. the world no 99 had breezed past fellow-qualifier arthur de greef of belgium in a 70-minute , straight-sets victory to set up his quarter-final clash - but was unable to dislodge czech young gun jiri vesely on friday. vesely saw off bedene 6-1 6-4 to reach the final four and tee up a clash with spanish veteran daniel gimeno-traver. vesely saw off mikhail youzhny on thursday despite all his luggage being lost in transit from rome and borrowing kit from doubles partner frantisek cermak.
a bomb technician has used his expertise to create an easter egg hunt for blind children - using beeping eggs. david hyche , now a special agent at the bureau of alcohol , tobacco and firearms -lrb- atf -rrb- , developed the technology nine years ago when his four-month-old daughter turned blind. a transmitter is placed inside plastic eggs that let off a high-pitched beeping sound. now hyche has passed on the idea to the alabama institute for deaf and blind in birmingham. they trade the eggs in for candy. the device : bomb expert david hyche put a transmitter in a plastic egg so his daughter could join the fun.
it took a team of firefighters , police and engineers , but a house on sydney 's northern beaches tragically damaged in the this week 's destructive storm in nsw has finally been demolished. the narrabeen property began sliding down the hill it was built on after it was battered by the wild weather on tuesday , endangering neighbouring houses and forcing locals to evacuate. a house in narrabeen has been demolished after it was damaged during this week 's storm in sydney. a tree stump on the hill prevented the house from falling further down , but authorities feared it was only a matter of time before it caused further damage to surrounding properties.
awash with a sea of colour , sounds and smells , a stunning water carnival has exploded into life in china. the annual water temple fair in jiangnan , china , sees thousands gather on boats to pray for good fortune for the upcoming year. locals dress up in traditional costumes , while boat races , drumming and dragon dances bring a carnival atmosphere to the town of jia xing. riot of colour : the water temple fair in jiangnan , china , sees thousands gather on boats to pray for good fortune for the upcoming year. other water temple fairs are held around chinese new year.
the stylist behind singer rita ora 's unique , over-the-top hairstyles has revealed how much work the chart-topper has to put into ensuring her blonde locks remain totally healthy. chris appleton , who has been working with natural brunette rita , 24 , for the past two years , confessed to daily mail online that her demanding haircare routine does require a hefty amount of work and ` maintenance '. style icon : chris appleton -lrb- r -rrb- has been working as singer rita ora 's hairstylist for two years. haircare regimen : according to chris , rita 's blonde locks need to be colored every three weeks , a process which can dry out the hair if done too frequently.
porto have nothing to prove coming into their quarter-final first leg against bayern munich as the only undefeated side in the champions league. however julen lopetegui has warned his side has plenty of room to improve saying the team ` has n't stopped growing '. when lopetegui comes up against his former barcelona team-mate pep guardiola , who the former goalkeeper labels ' a winner ' , at dragao on wednesday night , it will be a clash of the two most prolific scoring sides of the tournament so far. porto train ahead of their wednesday clash against bayern munich in their champions league quarter-finalo.
america celebrated the coming of age of a new sporting hero on sunday when jordan spieth , 21 , showed true grace under pressure to win the masters. as a junior at jesuit high school in dallas , the grateful golfer wrote the letter to the murphy family who had funded the scholarship that helped pay for his tuition. scroll down for video. a letter of thanks penned by masters champion jordan spieth six years ago when he was on a scholarship at jesuit high school in dallas , left , has surfaced which only reinforces his nice guy image. as a junior at jesuit high school in dallas , the pga golfer was humble enough to write the letter to the murphy family who funded the scholarship that helped pay for his tuition.
garissa , kenya -lrb- cnn -rrb- the kenyan government says mohamed mohamud , also known by aliases dulyadin and gamadhere , is the mastermind of thursday 's kenya university terror attack , according to a tweet from the country 's interior ministry. al-shabaab , an al qaeda-linked militant group based in somalia , took responsibility for the attack , according to the u.s. embassy in nairobi. mohamud is `` credited with having an extensive terrorist network within kenya , '' according to a ministry document given to cnn. it offers a reward of 20 million kenyan shillings , which is about $ 215,000.
arsenal supremo dick law has flown to argentina in an attempt to rubber-stamp the capture of maxi romero. the club 's chief negotiator has jetted to south america to finalise a deal for the 16-year-old forward - who has been compared to lionel messi. the gunners are in advanced talks with velez sarsfield over a # 4.5 million swoop for the teenage sensation. arsenal are close to signing 16-year-old maxi romero from velez sarsfield for # 4.5 million. romero 's agents and his club velez both own stakes in the player , which is causing complications for arsenal. the premier league have strict rules regarding third-party ownership and the issue must be settled before he can play for the gunners.
our almost constant use of mobile phones and the decline of working class jobs are contributing to the erosion of the age-old whistle according to new research. whistling aficionados are in agreement , no one is whistling while they work -- or anywhere else for that matter. all children used to be told to whistle while they work by the classic disney animation snow white. however the rise of the mobile phone and music on the ipod means young people are less likely to whistle now. cultural historian at syracuse university , london , chris cook , told the sunday times that whistling has all but disappeared over the last few decades.
` plus-size ' model laura wells has revealed the extreme dieting measures taken by her model roommates to prepare for fashion week. the size 14 beauty lived with a group of standard ` skinnier ' models during her stint working in new york , and says that their agents instructed them to stick to a diet of ` one cracker and a couple of glasses of water '. ` no food being eaten , prescription dietary pills , agents telling girls that they 're only allowed to have one cracker and a couple glasses of water leading up to fashion week per day.
inter milan are set to turn to lucas leiva and alex song if their pursuit of manchester city pair stevan jovetic and yaya toure fails. roberto mancini has liverpool midfielder leiva and barcelona 's song , currently on loan at west ham , on his list of alternatives if jovetic and toure prove too costly. lucas leiva -lrb- left -rrb- is believed to be a target for inter milan and could leave liverpool in the summer. alex song has impressed during his loan spell at west ham united and would be available for a transfer. ` jovetic ? in the past there was something , especially last summer.
an unidentified man was caught on the nbc sports channel wandering across the green at the ko olina resort in oahu and plunging into a pond. the drinks can was seen popping out of his pocket and floating away. can he do it ? ' ` he almost fell over going in , ' another tv announcer butted in. the man - dressed in camel-colored shorts and a green t-shirt - was then seen putting one leg up on the shoreline in a bid to haul himself out. caught on camera : it was n't a great shot stealing the limelight at the lpga golf tournament in hawaii this week but a stray spectator on the course.
gemma redhead was left terrified after her former partner telephoned her after he was released from prison , following a conviction for raping her. brutally raped at knifepoint and left fearing for her life , gemma redhead believed her ordeal was over after her attacker was jailed. but as she attempted to rebuild her life , the young mother had a sickening reminder of the attack -- from the man who carried it out. after he was released from prison , having served only half his sentence , he defied a restraining order to phone her. miss redhead , 33 , who has waived her right to anonymity , was left with post-traumatic stress disorder after being repeatedly raped by her former partner , philip kirby.
however , despite the glossy , upbeat image portrayed on our screens , duncan , now 62 , has revealed she attempted to commit suicide at age 43 , and that her teenage daughter jessica orcsik was the one who found her. scroll down for video. revelation : actress paula duncan revealed her battle with depression and attempt to take her own life in an interview with studio 10. harrowing : the actress ' daughter jessica orcsik explained her memories of finding her mother and calling an ambulance. a few days later she began taking antidepressants , and it was during this time duncan reveals she attempted to take her own life , with daughter jessica finding her after a suicide attempt.
football association chairman greg dyke has been handed the backing of five former england managers as he bids to push through radical changes. dyke wants to increase the minimum number of home-grown players in club squads from eight to 12 , however he is facing opposition from the premier league. fa chairman greg dyke -lrb- left -rrb- , speaking with premier league chief richard scudamore , wants to increase the number of homegrown players at top flight clubs. graham taylor , glenn hoddle , kevin keegan , sven-goran eriksson and steve mcclaren have signed a letter addressed to dyke , the daily telegraph reports.
it 's that time of year again - the in between seasons moment when you look in your wardrobe and genuinely believe there is nothing suitable for the weather outside. in the springtime , the shops are full of new season clothes that are just waiting for a sunny day but still unsuitable for the ever-changing british weather. cotton dresses , cut-off mini skirts and denim hot pants all need to wait until at least june for an appearance. scroll down for video. lily melrose is a fashion blogger who has 137,000 followers on instagram. uk stylist and blogger lily melrose has come up with 15 style hacks to transform your 2014 wardrobe into 2015 style , without breaking the bank.
sailing peacefully across a river , the men fish without the aid of a rod with this unusual method , which was first practiced in 960 ad. the men , pictured in southern china , release a cormorant bird , which then dives into the water and retrieves a carp , returning it to the fisherman 's reed raft. the stunning images were captured on the river li in guilin , china , by a russian photographer called viktoriia rogotneva. the birds are very hungry and dive into the water to catch big carp. ' sailing peacefully across the river , the men men fish without the aid of a rod with this unusual method , first practiced in 960 ad.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- this week , social media heralded as #motheroftheyear toya graham , the baltimore single mom who pulled her son , who was holding a brick , away from the scene of a riot. a video of graham yanking young michael from a group of protesters -- and subsequently pummeling him with her fists and a few slaps upside the head -- went viral. `` why is america celebrating the beating of a black child ? '' asked a writer at the washington post. in fact , what we need , not only in communities like baltimore but also in communities around the country , are more mothers like her.
jeremy clarkson has finally spoken out about his high-profile sacking from top gear , admitting he will ` miss ' fronting the bbc2 show. clarkson , 54 , who was fired in march after attacking a producer during filming , has not publicly addressed his dismissal , apart from to say that ` everyone 's upset '. but the presenter today gave his ` heartfelt thanks ' to those who sent their support in the aftermath of his sacking , saying he would ` miss being there '. scroll down for video. jeremy clarkson -lrb- left -rrb- today revealed he would ` miss ' fronting top gear , as it emerged that former presenter angela rippon -lrb- right -rrb- would be keen to return to the motoring show.
the small college town of missoula , montana , best known for its university and its inhabitants ' fierce love of football , has been branded in the media america 's rape capital , and now bestselling author jon krakauer has made it the subject of his new book documenting the explosive allegations. missoula : rape and the justice system in a college town , a doubleday publication that was released tuesday , immediately sparked a fierce debate in montana and beyond. brave : kelsey belnap -lrb- left -rrb- and allison huguet -lrb- right -rrb- were among the five women profiled by author jon krakauer fopr his new book about sexual assault at the university of montana at missoula.
former teacher mary kay letourneau and her student-turned husband , vili fualaau , have revealed how their relationship became sexual when he was just 12 years old. on the eve of their 10th wedding anniversary , letourneau , 53 , and vili fualaau , 31 , spoke about the rape trial and their marriage in an interview with barbara walters for ' 20/20 ' , which will air tonight. the couple , who have two teenage daughters , met when fualaau was in her second grade class in seattle. speaking to walters , letourneau said they began to spend more time together as she helped him develop his drawing skills that school year and by the summer , their relationship turned sexual.
these shocking photographs show the bed where a severely disabled boy was left to sleep for seven nights in hospital. they show two mattresses squeezed together on the cramped hospital floor , with wires from an oxygen tank and tubes dangling across the room. cody neatis , from preston , was admitted to royal preston hospital last thursday with a chest infection. the eight-year-old - who has down 's syndrome , epilepsy , autism and is fed by a tube - has been without a hospital bed because staff do not have the special cot he needs to keep him safe in his sleep.
investigators are trying to determine why a man shot his wife and two young sons before killing himself at the family 's home in a quiet oklahoma suburb this week. sudheer khamitkar , 42 , shot his 38-year-old wife , smita haval khamitkar , and their sons arnav khamitkar , 10 and arush khamitkar , 6 , in separate rooms at their tulsa home , police said. the bodies were found on wednesday as officers conducted a welfare check requested by the mother 's employer after she failed to show up for work or call in sick for two days. gunned down : smita haval khamitkar , pictured with one of her sons , was shot by her husband along with their two boys - aged six and 10 - before he turned the gun on himself.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- when singer avril lavigne went missing from the music scene , there was tons of speculation. was she pregnant ? in rehab ? going through a split from her husband , nickelback front man chad kroeger ? focus on the mystery intensified in december after a fan twitter account posted a direct message from lavigne when she solicited prayers , saying she was `` having some health issues. '' now the canadian singer has revealed to people magazine that she was bedridden for five months after contracting lyme disease. lavigne believes that she was bitten by a tick last spring.
of a randomly selected group of 50 students who said they followed presidential politics enough to comment , just nine told daily mail online that the former secretary of state would make a good u.s. chief executive. hillary 's detractors were far more passionate than her fans -- a potential problem since she needs a repeat of her grassroots-driven upset 2008 victory here in order to solidify her status as the democrats ' standard-bearer. ' ` there has n't been much good in obama 's foreign policy , ' benton added. ' scroll down for videos. the college on the hill : dartmouth is the only ivy leage school in an early presidential primary state , making it an intellectual hotspot for candidates looking to read the younger generation 's tea leaves.
the five-star hotel in porto celebrates all things wine - port wine , in particular - and has the feel of a place steeped in decades-old tradition , with a prime location , classic design and unblemished attention to detail. but , to my surprise , the yeatman has been open for just five years - a fraction of the age of some of the pricier bottles in its wine cellar. in those five years it has been hitting all the right notes , developing a reputation as a haven for wine lovers and one of portugal 's best luxury hotels.
david cameron has revealed that he and his wife samantha were ` falling apart ' with the pressure of trying to care for their son ivan after he was born disabled. ' his comments were echoed by his wife who , in a separate interview , said the stresses of looking after ivan pushed their relationship close to ` breaking point '. scroll down for video. david cameron has revealed that he and his wife samantha -lrb- pictured together in 2008 with their son ivan -rrb- were ` falling apart ' with the pressure of trying to care for their son after he was born with a rare brain disorder.
they have a tv channel devoted to it , and one show -- a sort of bulgaria 's got talent for folk acts -- features people of all ages swaying in stately unison. indeed , they are so proud of the music that when asked to include something in the capsule aboard the voyager 2 space probe , they sent tracks from the album le mystere des voix bulgares , in the hope that aliens would like it too. colourful outfits ! villagers dressed in the traditional bulgarian costume. in bulgaria it is genuine : practically every village in the mountains has at least one choir , and their own particular variation of traditional dress , and many hold festivals in the way that english villages stage fetes.
a marathon runner stopped one and a half miles before reaching the finishing line - to propose to his girlfriend. romantic ben parsons , 34 , of brighton , east sussex , stunned girlfriend anna jefferson , 36 , by getting down on one knee after running 24 and a half miles. ben parson , 34 , paused in the middle of the brighton marathon and proposed to his surprised girlfriend , anna jefferson , 36. anna feared her boyfriend was struggling when he started to slow down on hove seafront , because she was unaware of his proposal plan. ben , a media law lecturer at the university of brighton , carried the ring in his bum bag and waited to spot anna in the crowd on sunday.
many animals mimic human traits and vice versa but this puppy takes the biscuit. leia , an eight-month-old boxer from pennsylvania , was filmed as she lay on the couch and latched on to a baby 's pacifier. footage shows her then sucking on it before closing her eyes and loudly snoring in her sleep. a soothing rendition of twinkle , twinkle little star is heard playing away in the background. the pup 's owner , dave mck , says that apparently leia loves to suck on her pacifier. to date the video of leia has garnered more than 145,000 likes on facebook , with many viewers deeming the scene ` cute ' and ` adorable '.
celebrated australian designer akira isogawa sent models down the runway with faces covered in sequins at his show on wednesday morning at mercedes-benz fashion week australia. while some models were embellished with just sequinned brows , others sported an entire mask of face bling. the new beauty trend ? models at the akira show at mercedes-benz fashion week in sydney on wednesday sported a full face of sequins. the plastics : on wednesday 's akira models wear pink -lrb- and also plastic head pieces -rrb-. 50 shades of pink : isogawa presented a collection full of bright pinks and reds. teams of make-up artists were pictured backstage working together to apply the sequins by hand one-by-one to models ' faces.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- the world learned his name after he was killed by a south carolina police officer. but in his life , 50-year-old walter scott was also the father of four children and served in the coast guard before being honorably discharged. `` he was outgoing -- loved everybody , -lrb- was -rrb- very known in the community and got along with everybody , '' his brother anthony scott told cnn 's don lemon. '' until it all came crashing down saturday morning , when north charleston police officer michael slager pulled scott over , reportedly for a faulty brake light.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- the arrest and death of freddie gray in baltimore has stoked protests and accusations of police brutality. but it 's unclear how gray , arrested on a weapons charge april 12 , suffered a severe spinal cord injury that led to his death seven days later. what we know : gray was arrested on a weapons charge in a high-crime area of baltimore known for drugs. he `` gave up without the use of force , '' according to baltimore deputy police commissioner jerry rodriguez. an officer apparently took his taser out , and was prepared to use it on gray , but he never deployed it , rodriguez said , and none of the six officers involved in the arrest describe using force against the 25-year-old.
a radical change in the law to protect a generation of children from the tide of internet sleaze will be introduced if the conservatives win the election. culture and media secretary sajid javid is setting out plans to shield youngsters from easy access to hardcore online pornography amid fears that it is corroding childhood. scroll down for video. easy access : the rising tide of online pornography is corroding children - but the tories have now pledged to a radical change in the law to protect a generation of children from the tide of internet sleaze. if porn websites fail to comply , they will be blocked by a powerful new regulator which will be able to issue financial penalties.
it was manufactured in 1928 - two years after logie baird -lrb- pictured -rrb- first demonstrated a working tv system. this forerunner of the television was manufactured in 1928 -- two years after logie baird first demonstrated a working tv system -- and has the serial number 258. it is being auctioned off as part of a speciality telecommunications sale by auction team breker in cologne , germany. smart tv : the televisor has been restored - it was built as an item of furniture for well-to-do families. the televisor was the first receiver sold in britain. around 1,000 were made by english company plessey and cost about # 26 -- a four-figure sum today.
it is a cold , spring night in the heart of liverpool at a football ground bordering huyton , where steven gerrard grew up , so paul scholes is in unfamiliar territory. it has been a frustrating night for salford city , the club scholes co-owns with former manchester united team-mates ryan giggs , gary neville , phil neville and nicky butt. gary neville and paul scholes attending the salford city game at home to clitheroe town on saturday. -lrb- left to right -rrb- scholes , phil neville , nicky butt and ryan giggs co-own the club with gary neville -lrb- not pictured -rrb-.
a 78-year-old connecticut man with a long criminal history was arrested on friday , but the man 's lawyer claimed the arrest was a ruse intended to pressure him to talk about the biggest art heist in u.s. history. robert gentile appeared in federal court in hartford ,. connecticut , on friday and was charged with selling a firearm to. theft of $ 500million in artwork from boston 's isabel stewart. scroll down for video. robert gentile 's attorney ryan mcguigan -lrb- pictured -rrb- , said that though his client was arrested on a gun charge , he believes the arrest was a ruse to pressure gentile to speak about the $ 500million art heist from 1990.
a little girl gave michelle obama a compliment on wednesday that nearly every aging woman wants to hear. say that again ! : a little girl named anya brodie asked michelle obama her age and when obama told her she was 51-years-old the little girl just could n't believe it. the girl yelled in amazement , ` you look too young ! ' a flattered obama asked brodie to repeat her effortless compliment back into the microphone , reports cnn. give her the mic , ' flotus told the moderator. michelle obama was so touched by the little girl 's flattery that she called her up on stage to give her a big hug.
terrorist group isis has released photographs of its militants destroying christian graves with sledgehammers and carving out crosses in the iraqi city of mosul. it 's the latest shocking act by the islamists who are waging a campaign of terror against other religions that has involved mass beheadings and raping. terrorist group isis has released photographs of its militants destroying christian graves with sledgehammers and carving out crosses in the iraqi city of mosul. it 's the latest shocking act by the islamists who are waging a campaign of terror against other religions that has involved mass beheadings and raping. the group released a statement with the images that attempted to justify the mass desecration.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- anthony ray hinton is 58 years old. until one week ago , when his murder convictions were wiped clean , and hinton walked out of a county jail in birmingham. for 30 years , he spent most of his time locked in a 5-by-7 cell. the only permissible eating utensil was a plastic spoon. and life in the outside world passed him by : hinton said his hardest day came in 2002 , when he learned his mother had died. hinton was convicted of killing two men -- birmingham-area fast-food restaurant managers john davidson and thomas wayne vason -- but he always said he was innocent.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- island-hoppers take note : providenciales in the turks and caicos is tripadvisor 's latest pick for the world 's top island. providenciales climbed a rung from last year 's no. 2 ranking among the travel review site 's travelers ' choice award winners to bump ambergris caye out of the top spot. it was quite a tumble for the belize island. ambergris caye held the top ranking on the tripadvisor global islands list for two years in a row before dropping out of the top 10 completely this year. `` similar to last year and 2013 , winning islands were determined using an algorithm that looked at the quality and quantity of traveler reviews and opinions for hotels , attractions and restaurants on each island gathered during a 12-month period.
the piglet was born with its back legs missing and has mastered the art of balancing on its front trotters. the heartwarming clip featured on the people 's daily online shows the young animal taking unsteady steps , wobbling about with its snout to the ground , foraging for food. heartwarming : the two-legged pig has become an internet sensation because of a cute video showing it learning to walk. the piglet belongs to farmer , ms duan , from qionglai city in sichuan province , south western china. since its birth , villagers have flocked to take a peek at the curious animal.
boston -lrb- cnn -rrb- when the bomb went off , steve woolfenden thought he was still standing. he pulled back the stroller 's cover and saw that his son , leo , 3 , was conscious but bleeding from the left side of his head. '' that was before he noticed his achilles tendon , which resembled transparent tape covered in blood , and his left tibia protruding from his boot. the boot was next to his left stump , he testified before a federal jury thursday , the third day in which survivors and family members of those killed in the boston marathon bombing shared their stories -- often gruesome and heartbreaking -- in the sentencing phase for dzhokhar tsarnaev.
google has been steadily revealing some of the biggest questions its users have typed into the search engine about 2016 presidential candidates. google politics tweeted about former first lady and secretary of state hillary clinton 's announcement that she is seeking the presidency. democratic presidential candidate hillary rodham clinton poses for a photo with simpson college student mackenzie bills , center , after meeting with iowa democratic party lawmakers at the statehouse. the second-most popular was ` is hillary clinton a democrat ? ' clinton is 67 years old and a member of the democratic party. last monday , sen. rand paul -lrb- r-ky -rrb- announced he is seeking the oval office in 2016.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- `` a long , long , time ago ... '' those five words , when uttered or sung , makes baby boomers immediately think of don mclean 's pop masterpiece `` american pie. all sorts of historical cross-currents play off each other in this timeless song , brilliantly gilded with the unforgettable chorus , which starts as `` bye , bye , miss american pie. '' there is no real way to categorize mclean 's `` american pie '' for its hybrid of modern poetry and folk ballad , beer-hall chant and high-art rock. on tuesday , christie 's sold the 16-page handwritten manuscript of the song 's lyrics for $ 1.2 million to an unnamed buyer.
nigel farage has dismissed criticism of the lack of diversity in ukip 's manifesto by claiming there was a ` half black ' party spokesman featured prominently - and ` one fully black person '. the ukip leader made the remarks after being asked at his manifesto launch last week to justify the scarcity of black and asian faces in the ukip manifesto. scroll down for video. nigel farage has dismissed criticism of the lack of diversity in ukip 's manifesto by claiming there was a ` half black ' party spokesman featured prominently - and ` one fully black person ' the question provoked noisy barracking , including from a group of black and asian candidates attending the launch.
a woman allegedly beat her boyfriend with a bat at their first face-to-face meeting following two years of online dating. haley fox , 24 , of turner , oregon , fractured 26-year-old samuel campbell 's skull with a baseball bat at her home last wednesday. she has been charged with first-degree assault. haley fox , 24 , of oregon , -lrb- left -rrb- allegedly fractured the skull of her 26-year-old online boyfriend samuel campbell -lrb- right -rrb- skull with a baseball bat because she did n't want to date him anymore. earlier this month , he moved to oregon to live with ms fox , according to a report from the marion county sheriff 's office.
the former england rugby star and husband of zara phillips , bought the horse for # 12,000 at auction after a boozy dinner and was overcome by the 40-1 outsider 's performance. all i can say is yes the dude !!!!! ' scroll down for video. pay day : the former england rugby star tweeted ` holy s *** , i 'm lost for words and emotions ' what a dude : it 's tense , then zara and mike explode with emotion as monbeg dude finishes. after her husband mike tindall bought the horse , zara -lrb- pictured -rrb- , an experienced rider , called him an idiot.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- the baltimore mother who slapped her son several times and pulled him out of a protest told cnn on wednesday she was n't concerned that she might be embarrassing her son. `` not at all , '' toya graham told cnn 's `` anderson cooper 360 ˚ '' in an interview that aired wednesday night. '' the video of graham yanking her son , michael singleton , and slapping him with a right hand as cnn affiliate wmar recorded has led to the internet calling graham #motheroftheyear. many people have praised the unemployed , single mother of six for going to the mondawmin mall and getting her son away from the escalating violence.
watching george osborne enjoy scampi and chips with a glass of cider and a chat with the locals in a somerset pub garden , it is hard to believe that only three years ago he was virtually scared to leave the safety of his treasury office. there was little evidence his hardline ` austerity britain ' policies were working. ` it 's fair to say that by 2012 it was tough economically , and i got myself into a position where i was hunkered down in the treasury , ' george osborne drinks a pint of somerset cider as he is interviewed by political editor simon walters at the cotley inn , near chard , somerset.
things are going well in the courtroom - and the bedroom - for tv superstar judge judy , according to her husband of 38 years jerry sheindlin. the crusty judge , who 's emmy-winning show was recently renewed , and her husband were in a playful mood as they celebrated her award for her work on the bench at the annual women of the 21st century awards luncheon by the women 's guild cedars-sinai at the beverly wilshire hotel. scroll down for video. judge judy and jerry sheindlin have been married for 38 years - all told. the couple divorced in 1990 only to marry again the following year.
with millions of video views on the internet shiba the dog uses his nose and paw to open a sliding glass window and greet customers or curious visitors who have travelled to the shimada cigarette shop from afar. shiba the dog uses his nose and his paw to open a sliding glass window at a shop on the outskirts of tokyo. when a customer rings the bell for service , he leaps to his feet and opens the window for his owner , hisako suzuki , who runs the shop in a west tokyo neighbourhood , near musashi-koganei metro station. the intelligent shiba inu dog is fed treats and patted on the head by visitors who show up just to see him or buy cigarettes , snacks or magazines.
laura robson put her injury frustrations to one side over the weekend by heading to tortuga , a country music festival in florida. ' in recent weeks , robson has been stepping up her attempts at getting back on the tennis court after a lengthy absence. robson 's last appearance came in the 2014 australian open first round where she lost in straight sets. her last appearance was over a year ago , in the first round of the 2014 australian open , where she was swept aside in straight sets by kirtsen flipkens and she has not played since due to a left wrist problem.
but at eight months pregnant with her first child , the 26-year-old has revealed being an expectant mum has been one of her toughest roles of her life so far. in an interview in the sunday mirror the gold medal winning athlete says the extra pounds she gained in the early stages of her pregnancy were hard to deal with , especially as she did n't even look pregnant and was used to being in charge of her body. scroll down for video. eight months pregnant rebecca adlington ca n't wait to ` feel myself again ' after her daughter is born.
' that 's a claim from former white house florist ronn payne , retold in a new book based on interviews with more than 100 members of the presidential mansion 's domestic staff. the pigs are here , ' she told her phone pal , according to payne -- using a 1960s-era epithet for law enforcement. ' scroll down for video. ` pigs ' : chelsea clinton -lrb- right , in 1995 -rrb- allegedly referred to the secret service with an offensive counter-culture epithet , and said she learned it from her parents. shame : chelsea -lrb- center -rrb- accompanied her parents and their dog to the marine one chopper in 1998 , just a day after the president admitted to marital infidelities.
a 17-year-old boy who was killed after breaking out into gangnam style dancing in his local corner shop had aspirations of going on britain 's got talent , his heartbroken mother has revealed. speaking for the first time since jordan brennan 's killer was jailed for eight months for manslaughter , kim reveals how her son was a ` cheeky chappy ' and ` lots of fun ' , and would ` dance and sing all the time. however , the 43-year-old mother-of-five , from gorton , manchester , has slammed what she calls the lenient sentence , saying : ` there is no justice at all.
authorities say a second boy has died after his family 's car plunged into los angeles harbor , killing his 13-year-old brother. the family had left a waterfront restaurant thursday night when their sedan ran off the road alongside a working dock at the port of los angeles , landing upside down in about 30 feet of water. they were n't breathing when rescuers brought them up. the teen died at the hospital several hours later. coroner investigator joseph cronin tells city news service that the eight-year-old boy died friday afternoon. scroll down for video. pulled from the water : a car plunged off a road into los angeles harbor on thursday , and two children pulled from the submerged vehicle were hospitalized in grave condition.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- one war was enough for gregory margolin. now 87 years old , he was a 16-year-old jewish recruit when he fought in the soviet red army. as he fought the nazis in world war ii , his family fled. '' this year , in ukraine , he found himself again surrounded by war. margolin was a sniper who rose to be a commander in the army. his old uniform is still adorned with medals from his time in the military. suffering from alzheimer 's disease , a degenerative condition that impairs memory , he struggles to remember his own life sometimes , but he remembers the horrors of war.
sepang - malaysian grand prix. shanghai - chinese grand prix. out of the chinese swamp , where the shanghai circuit was built , and straight into the desert of bahrain - only in a formula one world championship. but as the f1 circus quickly ends up in bahrain after the chinese grand prix , some things do n't appear to have changed at all as , like shanghai , sakhir debuted in 2004 and is designed by herman tilke. bahrain was the first country in the middle east to hold a formula one world championship grand prix but it has been rocked by a number of issues in recent years.
ahead of this weekend 's premier league action , sportsmail will be providing you with all you need to know about every fixture , with team news , provisional squads , betting odds and opta stats. here is all the information you need for west brom 's home clash with leicester ... west bromwich albion vs leicester city -lrb- the hawthorns -rrb-. west brom. craig dawson is set to return for west brom after serving a one-match ban. the defender missed last saturday 's 4-1 defeat to qpr but youssouf mulumbu was sent off in the game and starts a three-game ban against barclays premier league rivals leicester.
riddick bowe was once seen as the world 's best heavyweight fighter and reportedly had $ 15million , but he is now offering to post tweets for $ 20. he was once the double heavyweight champion , with a career that allowed him to retire from the ring with a rumoured fortune of $ 15million. the 46-year-old recently offered to ` tweet anything ' for people who credit him through paypal , sharing the messages with his 450,000 followers. his offer seems a far cry from the fame he enjoyed in the 1990s as the only man who could beat evander holyfield.
jamie carragher does not feel diego simeone plays the type of football which would attract arsenal , manchester united or city. sportsmail 's columnist insists the style of play atletico madrid showed against their neighbours real at the bernabeu would not impress the three barclays premier league giants. i love watching his team play , their work rate and their effort , they 're a team of men , ' carragher told sky sports. jamie carragher does not feel diego simeone plays the right type of football for the premier league big boys. simeone 's team battled at the bernabeu but were unable to take anything away against real madrid.
jimmy anderson has been motivated to play 100 tests for england by the bitter memories of being marginalised in the early stages of his outstanding career. anderson makes his landmark appearance here in antigua on monday needing just four wickets to overtake sir ian botham and become the leading test wicket-taker in england 's history. jimmy anderson takes part in an england practice session on saturday ahead of his 100th test on monday. anderson and the england players are put through their paces as they sprint up a hill. ` obviously i was playing county cricket , which was great , but the ultimate is playing for england and i want to do that for as long as possible.
your private medical information is under threat. that 's according to a study that found almost 30 million health records nationwide were involved in criminal theft , malicious hacking or other data breaches over four years. compromised information included patients ' names , home addresses , ages , illnesses , test results or social security numbers. most involved electronic data and theft , including stolen laptops and computer thumb drives. the study did n't examine motives behind criminal breaches , or how stolen data might have been used , but cyber-security experts say thieves may try to use patients ' personal information to fraudulently obtain medical services.
a mysterious ` ring of fire ' has been spotted in space thanks to albert einstein 's theory of relatively. the ring , located 12 billion light years away , is an illusion created by the chance alignment of two distant galaxies. the striking circular structure is a rare manifestation of gravitational lensing predicted by albert einstein in his theory of general relativity. scroll down for video. the bright orange central region of the ring - alma 's highest resolution observation ever - reveals the glowing dust in this distant galaxy. gravitational lensing occurs when a massive galaxy or cluster of galaxies bends the light emitted from a more distant galaxy , forming a highly magnified , though much distorted image.
angelina jolie 's acclaimed film about the kidnap and rape of a 14-year-old girl in ethiopia has helped burnish her image as a human rights campaigner. but the hollywood star is at the centre of controversy after the makers of difret were accused of exploiting the real-life victim at the heart of its story. aberash bekele , 32 , is angry at the filmmakers for using her story without her knowledge or consent , and failing , initially , to pay her compensation. hollywood glamour : angelina jolie , 39 , has become increasingly known for her humanitarian work. miss bekele was abducted so she could be pushed into a forced marriage.
sami khedira is still weighing up his next move but has interest from manchester united and chelsea. united have maintained an interest in the germany international since failing to sign him in august 2013. his representatives have spoken to schalke on a number of occasions but the fifth placed bundesliga side have been struggling to come up with a suitable financial package while he also has concerns about the strength of their squad. although khedira said last month : ' i love real madrid and it 'll be hard to leave this club - i 'll give all i 've got until the last moments of my contract , let nobody doubt that ' , real will not now offer him a new deal.
i could n't wait to get out of bournemouth , even though i loved the place. eddie howe raises his arms in triumph after bournemouth sealed premier league promotion. and i ca n't wait to see callum wilson in the top flight. gary lineker asked if we have found ` the english special one ' , but eddie is not the special one. watch eddie on the touchline and you will see he is the opposite to mourinho. eddie is peaceful during a game , relaxed , quiet and controlled. obviously the barclays premier league will bring different demands for this young man , who is still only 37.
the stage was set for the coronation of king jimmy on tuesday but west indies stubbornly refused to hurry him to his throne. the perfect script for this first test saw anderson taking the four wickets he needed to become the most prolific bowler in england 's history in his 100th game with record holder sir ian botham here and waiting to crown his successor. certainly anderson would not have expected to play a more significant role with bat than ball on the second day of this first test as west indies did much to make up for their profligacy in the last two sessions of the first.
a british photographer has captured some adorable images of puppies posing for the camera. the picture-perfect photo shoot is the handiwork of john daniels , 61 , from dunsfold in surrey , who has decades of experience working with animals. a ` model ' poses in a makeshift hammock for a portrait by puppy photographer john daniels. the photographer also experiments with some unusual animal pairings , making his charming snaps the perfect way to celebrate national pet day , which takes place tomorrow. ` photographing any animal can be tricky and with shoots outside there is more chance of the animal escaping or being frightened by the big outdoors.
david crossley developed large kidney stones. ` as i had some bloating , he sent me for an ultrasound. ' this revealed two large stones in his right kidney - a direct result , his doctors believe , of his low fluid intake. a ct scan showed that the stones were so large -lrb- 6 mm across -rrb- they could not be passed naturally , and he needed surgery. they are the result of waste products in the blood forming crystals inside the kidneys , which eventually build up into a solid lump. they can be excruciatingly painful - on a level , say experts , with childbirth.
a labour government would take action to enforce a premier league commitment to invest five per cent of the proceeds from lucrative tv rights deals in grassroots sport , the party has said. shadow health secretary and keen football fan andy burnham said the move could unlock # 400 million to nurture the talents of the next generation of stars over the course of the next parliament. andy burnham -lrb- left -rrb- and ed miliband promise that labour will make the premier league invest in grassroots. mr burnham accused prime minister david cameron of failing to get tough on the premier league despite a massive increase in its tv revenues during his time in power.
german banking giant deutsche bank will pay $ 2.5 billion in fines for its role in a vast multi-year conspiracy to rig libor interest rates , us and british authorities said on thursday. ` deutsche bank secretly conspired with its competitors to rig the benchmark interest rates at the heart of the global financial system , ' said us assistant attorney general bill baer. ' german banking giant deutsche bank will pay $ 2.5 billion in fines for its role in a vast multi-year conspiracy to rig libor interest rates , us and british authorities said on thursday. the case centers on charges that deutsche bank derivatives traders manipulated the london interbank offered rate , used to peg millions of interest rate-sensitive contracts and loans around the world , from at least 2003-2011 to boost their trading positions.
virgin galactic hopes to begin testing a new version of spaceshiptwo by the end of the year , according to the company 's chief executive. its previous plane was destroyed in a crash in the mojave desert in october 2014. the company said it is planning to use lessons learned from the crash to ensure that the new spacecraft works ` better '. scroll down for video. chief executive george whitesides has said the new spacecraft -lrb- shown in construction -rrb- is nearly ready. its predecessor was destroyed in the mojave desert on 31 october 2014. co-pilot michael alsbury was killed and pilot peter siebold was injured.
marseille , france -lrb- cnn -rrb- the french prosecutor leading an investigation into the crash of germanwings flight 9525 insisted wednesday that he was not aware of any video footage from on board the plane. marseille prosecutor brice robin told cnn that `` so far no videos were used in the crash investigation. '' robin 's comments follow claims by two magazines , german daily bild and french paris match , of a cell phone video showing the harrowing final seconds from on board germanwings flight 9525 as it crashed into the french alps. all 150 on board were killed. paris match and bild reported that the video was recovered from a phone at the wreckage site.
when a young mum posted images of her post-pregnancy body on instagram to inspire others , she might have anticipated a raft of supportive comments for her bravery. the mum-of-twins claims her account was deleted because the images were deemed to contain inappropriate ` nudity and violence ' which breach the site 's decency guidelines. scroll down for video. confidence shattered : hannah moore , who had shots of her stretchmarked stomach removed ` within two minutes ' of posting them on photo-sharing site instagram , said the rebuttal had taken her confidence away. body pride : hannah moore , 20 , of broxburn in west lothian , shared photos of her post-childbirth body.
this bundle of joy was a special spring surprise for both his mother and the farmers who delivered the 20lb new-born after a gruelling three-hour birth. suffolk black lamb jean is seven years old and an experienced mother but ben is twice the weight of all his brothers and sisters born before him , all weighing the average weight of 8-10lbs. big ben : the 20lb lamb is twice the weight of the average new-born , towering over peers. ' almost as big as a person : ben dwarfs the other 86 ewes born at the same farm this season. ben 's arrival came just a fortnight after the largest lamb born in the uk weighed in at a massive 24lbs in north wales.
but that 's the kind of thing the unfortunate owners of some of the world 's most haunted pieces of furniture have had to deal with. from the indiana ` ghost cane ' to the ` chair of death ' , these regular household fixtures are sure to give you the creeps. scroll down for video. this haunted mirror -lrb- left -rrb- is said to contain the trapped souls of the wife and children of a louisiana slave master while bruno amadio 's portrait of a weeping child -lrb- right -rrb- was thought to have been cursed. four people reportedly died shortly after sitting in this 200-year old ` chair of death ' now in philadelphia.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- the coxes can rest more comfortably living in georgia now that their 5-year-old daughter can get the marijuana extract she needs. gov. nathan deal signed a bill thursday that will legalize low-thc cannabis oil for certain `` medication-resistant epilepsies , '' while creating an infrastructure , registration process and research program for the drug. -lrb- thc is the primary psychoactive substance in marijuana. the bill is dubbed haleigh 's hope act. haleigh , who has been the face of the bill , was having hundreds of seizures a day and the five potent drugs meant to control them were n't making life better for the little girl.
audi tt roadster 2.0 tfsi s line quattro -lrb- 230ps -rrb-. evolution : the new 2.0 tfsi s line quattro -lrb- pictured -rrb- is fun to drive with lively acceleration that takes it from rest to 62 mph in just 6.1. the interior of a manual version of the audi soft-top can be seen here.
there was uproar on the south coast when nicola cortese sacked local hero nigel adkins and replaced him with the relatively unknown argentine , on english shores at least , mauricio pochettino. adkins had led southampton to back-to-back promotions into the barclays premier league and was fighting valiantly to keep them in it. but cortese 's decision proved to be an astute one and pochettino took them to the next level. mauricio pochettino spent 16 months as southampton manager before departing to tottenham. the argentine manager -lrb- right -rrb- embraces ronald koeman -lrb- left -rrb- as he took on his former side in october.
bowling green basketball coach chris jans has been fired for acting inappropriately during a drunken night out at a local bar. the university , in ohio , took action after damning footage emerged of the coach touching an unidentified woman 's behind on march 21. a source told reporters that the incident was so heated a woman slapped him before he was asked to leave. scroll down for video. bowling green basketball coach chris jans has been fired after witnesses say he acted ` aggressively and inappropriately ' at an off-campus bar. at least 50 people reportedly saw the coach out of control before being escorted out of the bar.
who does n't love a hot cross bun at easter ? in britain we so enjoy the spiced , sweet rolls with a cross on top , that they used to be eaten all year round. the move was greeted with uproar , so she compromised , saying they could only be sold on good friday , at christmas and for burials -- and they have been prime easter fare ever since. nowadays supermarkets bring out ever more permutations to tempt customers , from miniature sizes to new flavours like toffee fudge chunk and apple and cinnamon. here is best of the batch this easter.
roger federer spent less than one hour on court in his monte carlo opener with a 6-2 , 6-1 win over jeremy chardy. federer , who has changed his schedule this year to allow more time for recovery and training , played his first match since his loss in the indian wells final in march. roger federer defeated jeremy chardy in his monte carlo opener 6-2 , 6-1 to reach the last 16. the match was federer 's first since his loss in the indian wells final in march. ` it 's difficult to make any kind of judgment after a 55-minute match , but i 'm feeling good at training , ' said federer , a four-time runner-up in monte carlo.
a week in the bahamas , lapping up the sun and the odd glass of champagne , gazing across the yachts bobbing in the marina. but poulter promises this break , just weeks before the first major of the year , means he will be fit and fresh for his latest assault on augusta national. but i 'm not telling you ! ' ian poulter lines up his putt for birdie on the 18th hole during the first round of the arnold palmer invitational. ' so this year poulter , who has two top 10 finish at the masters in his 10 attempts , has simply said to hell with it , let 's have some fun.
for chris brugger the cost of staying alive is $ 16,000 every three weeks. this is what the new south wales leukaemia patient must pay for a new drug treatment that is keeping him alive. the 35-year-old , father-of-two from griffith says the non-taxpayer subsidised treatment for his hodgkin 's disease - brentuximab vedotin - has improved his condition dramatically. scroll down for video. the brugger family -lrb- from left to right : tomas , naomi , liam and chris -rrb- attended a senate inquiry on monday in canberra. chris relaxs at the kinghorn cancer centre as he receives his first dose of brentuximab in january.
gaby tillero and greg ensslen bought the the two-story 1840s creole home from the central city neighborhood after a church said they wanted to demolish it and expand their parking lot. tillero and her husband ensslen now live in the home with their two sons , six-year-old santiago and nine-year-old javier , as well as tillero 's mother , olga tillero. scroll down for video. gaby tillero and greg ensslen bought this 1840s creole cottage style home in the central city neighborhood of new orleans almost two years ago. the couple then dismantled the home , moved it to the freret neighborhood of the city and renovated the home while respecting the floor plan and using salvaged materials to decorate the home.
new york -lrb- cnn -rrb- wall street is more than ready for hillary clinton. the former secretary of state confirmed on sunday what the political world has expected for months -- eight years after her first failed white house bid , clinton will once again seek the democratic party 's nomination for president. `` i 'm hitting the road to earn your vote , because it 's your time , '' clinton said in a video released sunday afternoon officially kicking off her campaign. '' as clinton sets off onto the campaign trail to reintroduce herself to voters and court donors across the country , wall street elites are ready to roll out the red carpet.
inspirational speaker turia pitt , who suffered horrific burns when she was caught in a bushfire , has revealed she still struggles to overcome her near-death ordeal. the 27-year-old said just the smell from a barbecue brought back the traumatic moment she was trapped for four hours where she suffered burns to 65 per cent of her body. speaking to a networking wa audience at crown perth on wednesday , the burns survivor said she still feels haunted when she talks about being caught in the bushfire when she competed in an ultra-marathon in kimberley in september 2011. ' scroll down for video.
ben flower was given the honour of leading wigan 's victory song after helping them to a 30-20 win over warrington on his return from a six-month suspension. the 27-year-old wales forward did not get among the scorers but he did enough to impress coach shaun wane on his first appearance since being sent off in the warriors ' grand final defeat by st helens last october. wigan warriors forward ben flower takes on warrington 's micky higham -lrb- left -rrb- and roy asotasi. ' the return of flower dominated the build-up to the super league derby while the half-time announcement that sam tomkins is returning to the club on a four-year contract made it a night to remember for wane.
aston villa deserved their victory at wembley on sunday and there were two players at the heart of it all. jack grealish was fantastic but fabian delph was the best player on the pitch. on saturday , i said his battle with jordan henderson would be key to the game. he looked like the player we all felt he could become when he emerged at leeds. as for grealish , for a young man to play like that on his first visit to wembley was magnificent. jack grealish , fabian delph and christian benteke celebrate as aston villa reached the fa cup final.
the artist behind a statue of lucille ball so terrifying it has been nicknamed ` scary lucy ' has admitted to being ` disappointed ' in his work , offering to fix the sculpture for free. following a recent social media campaign to have the bronze statue removed , sculptor dave poulin called it ` by far my most unsettling sculpture ' , and pledged to make a new one. following a campaign to have the statue of lucille ball sculptor dave poulin has pledged to make a new one. ' ` lucille ball was not only an amazing comedienne , but she was a stunning beauty.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- this is week three of an ongoing series : a catholic reads the bible. lot and the destruction of sodom and gomorrah was new to me. i actually had n't put two and two together that sodom is the origin of the word sodomy. lot is the central character in the grim story of sodom and gomorrah 's demise in chapter 19. in the preceding chapter , abraham asks god to agree that if he can find 10 good people in the town , god wo n't smite it. '' ahem. yeah. the revised edition refers to `` sexual relations.
-lrb- the hollywood reporter -rrb- the original cast of twin peaks is backing david lynch in his salary standoff with showtime. the stars have teamed together for a video backing the show 's co-creator with a #savetwinpeaks campaign that says doing the revival without lynch is `` like pies without cherries , '' among other nods to the original drama series. sherilyn fenn , sheryl lee , james marshall , peggy lipton and other familiar faces from the series appear in the video. showtime renews ` shameless , ' orders ` happyish ' to series. lynch announced sunday that he was exiting showtime 's nine-episode revival over a salary dispute.
andy lee will leave new york with his head held high and a burgeoning reputation firmly intact. a dramatic , frenetic 12 rounds here saw the irishman sent sprawling in the very first against the dangerous peter quillin , the man who vacated the wbo middleweight title lee won so gloriously in las vegas last december before the result was deemed a draw. no mean feat considering he fought for a lengthy period with a strained biceps muscle in his left arm. peter quillin -lrb- left -rrb- and andy lee stand with the referee after the judges declared their bout a draw.
so visitors to dornoch 's golf course or the sutherland town 's historic cathedral were surprised instead to be pointed in the direction of some toilets , the local gp ... and an abattoir. and even if bewildered tourists did suddenly fancy a trip to the slaughterhouse , they would discover it is in the process of being demolished. on a visit to the scottish town of dornoch , tourists are pointed towards the local slaughterhouse. visitors to dornoch , pictured , have to move quickly if they wish to visit the abattoir - as its being demolished. the bizarre sign caused an online stir after it was posted on twitter and retweeted by scots crime writer ian rankin.
north west was a happy traveller on tuesday as she arrived in paris with her famous parents. the only child of kim kardashian and kanye west wore a bright smile as she sat in her pram while her mother pushed them out of the airport. the family of three had arrived in paris after nori was baptised in jerusalem and they had finished a tour of the old city , as well as kim 's home nation of armenia. scroll down for video. giddy : the only only child of kim kardashian and kanye west giggled as she sat in her pram while her mother pushed them out of the charles-de-gaulle airport.
a spanish town on the camino de santiago pilgrimage route is warning pilgrims and other visitors to stop defecating along the famous path. graphic signs telling visitors not to stop for a poo break during their walk to the holy city of santiago de compostela , in north-western spain , have been erected in the municipality of lastres. someone in the municipality of lastres has posted signs warning pilgrims not to defecate on the trail. the pilgrimage , known as the way of st james , attracts thousands of pilgrims every year , but there can be very few places to go when nature calls.
after a stressful day of moving house , annah sophia stevenson decided to get takeaway from blenheim mcdonald 's for herself and her three-year-old son luca at about 5.20 pm on saturday. the cosmetic artist , from new zealand , found that after taking three bites of her burger something was not right and then pulled a half eaten , disemboweled cockroach out of her mouth. scroll down for video. a new zealand woman discovered a cockroach after taking three bites into her big mac burger. after rushing to the bathroom to vomit , ms stevenson brushed her teeth only to find a piece of black shell lodged between her teeth.
the sigma alpha epsilon -lrb- sae -rrb- fraternity at clemson university in south carolina has been put on probation for two years after the group held a christmas theme party that flared up racial tensions on campus. the ` cripmas ' party , held last december , had white students throwing stereotypical gang symbols while dressed in red and blue bandanas , t-shirts with images of the late rapper tupac shakur and fake ` thug ' tattoos. the party was also reportedly attended by female students from several sororities. ' the sigma alpha epsilon -lrb- sae -rrb- fraternity at clemson university in south carolina has been put on probation for two years after the group held a christmas theme party that flared up racial tensions on campus.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- when the earthquake hit , many of nepal 's most renowned pagodas in and around kathmandu crumbled into rubble-covered stumps. but the kathmandu valley 's other pagodas , stupas and shrines -- also built mostly of red brick hundreds of years ago -- suffered surprisingly little damage and remained standing next to structures which disappeared. the worst architectural losses have included the majestic shiva temple pagoda and its twin , the narayan temple pagoda , which dominated kathmandu 's main durbar square. from the late 1960s onwards , western hippy backpackers who traveled the legendary overland route to kathmandu would climb the shiva pagoda 's wide , nine-step plinth , sit in the shade under the triple-layered roofs , smoke hashish and enjoy the lofty view.
from organising eggs hunts to whipping up chocolate cup cakes at midnight , celebrities are , it seems , just like the rest of us when it comes to easter. from kim kardashian 's last-minute baskets for toddler north west to myleene klass ' bunny-themed egg hunt , the stars took to instagram to show how they celebrated easter. kim kardashian. captioning the last-minute picture : ` easter prep ! ' , kim appeared to be filling four baskets with plenty of treats including chocolate bunnies , peeps marshmallows and jelly belly jellybeans. mariah carey. making easter cupcakes ! mariah appeared to be a dab hand with the cake mix while whipping up late-night treats for her three-year-old twins moroccan and monroe.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- chanting `` no justice ! no peace ! '' protesters rallied in baltimore late tuesday , the same day police released the names of the officers involved in the arrest of freddie gray. gray died of a spinal injury sunday , exactly one week after he was taken into custody. demonstrators marched to a local police station that was protected by barricades. one man was arrested after crossing that barricade , but the protest was peaceful. many of the protesters clasped hands , and raised them in a show of support. '' speaking to cnn 's `` anderson cooper 360 , '' baltimore mayor stephanie rawlings-blake said she understands where the protesters are coming from.
a masked burglar stole vintage watches worth more than # 200,000 from an antiques shop in a mission impossible-style raid by crawling along the floor to avoid setting off the infrared beams. ` like a snake ' : this cctv footage shows how a masked thief avoided infrared beams during a raid on a jewellers in hampstead , north london , by crawling around the shop in a ` mission impossible ' - style heist. mission impossible : the burglar , who crawled around the shop on his front , spent just eight minutes in the luxury shop before fleeing with more than # 200,000 worth of stock.
an armed man has been arrested after kidnapping a woman , shooting and killing census bureau guard and leading police on a car chase before authorities cornered him in an exchange of gunfire that left him and a police officer wounded. ronald anderson , 48 , who was charged in the crime spree , was previously convicted of manslaughter and recently was arrested in an assault case involving his ` visibly afraid ' girlfriend , according to court documents obtained on friday. anderson was arrested february 17 on a charge of assaulting his girlfriend in the washington , d.c. , suburb of prince george 's county , according to court records.
steven abberley caused a major security alert by throwing marbles at mps and shouting ` you are all just liars ' during prime minister 's questions. a protester who caused a major security alert by throwing marbles at mps and shouting ` you are all just liars ' during prime minister 's questions has walked free from court. steven abberley , 28 , hurled a tirade of abuse at politicians during a session in the house of commons in october last year. abberley excused himself to fellow observers before shouting ` you are all just liars ' at prime minister david cameron and the rest of the chamber during the televised parliamentary debate.
arsene wenger is so respected and so clearly a deeply intelligent man that every now and then you find yourself nodding sagely at something he has said which , upon closer examination , turns out to sound right but to have decidedly unsubstantial foundations. but last week it was on the issue of quotas , or more specifically fa chairman greg dyke 's idea of increasing the number of homegrown players in a premier league squad of 25 from eight to 12. ` i believe that we are in the world of competition , ' said wenger in one of his regular interviews to bein sports.
a morbidly obese man has started documenting his efforts to lose more than 300lbs - without weight loss surgery - after the intense back pain brought on by his size prompted him to get serious about his health. but after a series of health issues , the 39-year-old became inspired to shed more than half of his body weight the natural way and chronicle his journey for the des moines register. ' scroll down for video. weight loss journey : daniel p. finney , 39 , of iowa , is sharing his efforts to lose over 300lbs ; he started out weighing 563lbs and has lost 20lbs in a month.
yesterday the countess of wessex and princess beatrice were not exactly fly-away style winners with their feathered hats as they joined the queen at windsor for an easter sunday service. sophie , 50 , wife of prince edward , wore a beret-style percher hat topped with large , dark plumes , while beatrice , 26 , the elder daughter of the duke of york and sarah ferguson , opted for an unusual blue creation. with them , and sporting a slightly more subtly coloured hat embellished with a large rose , was autumn phillips , 36 , wife of the queen 's grandson peter phillips.
the seeds of the josh meekings furore were planted during an otherwise unremarkable match between hibernian and dundee in the early weeks of 2013. easter road striker gary deegan caught dens defender gary irvine high on his right shin in a dangerous challenge. referee craig charleston saw an incident , but not the gory details. the governing body immediately took the stance they * should * be allowed to use video evidence to review incidents the referee had clearly missed. rules over use of video evidence to retrospectively ban players changed after this challenge by gary deegan -lrb- right -rrb- on gary irvine.
there 's no denying that the british interior aesthetic has come a long way over the past several decades. whether you prefer the earthy aesthetic of the atomic age or the bold hues of the brit-pop '90s , airbnb rentals offers places that cater to interior decor of all tastes. the cottage , which sleeps four , features dark wood beamed ceilings and plenty of mid-century furnishings , situated ideally near the town citadel. complete with dark wood beamed ceilings and natural accents , the landgate cottage is quintessentially 1950s. true to the period , the rental is decorated in an organic aesthetic of earthy colours and plenty of natural accents.
stars of women 's tennis put on their glad rags to attend the porsche grand prix tennis opening ceremony in stuttgart on monday. defending champion maria sharapova was joined by players including ana ivanovic , caroline wozniacki , sabine lisicki , and angelique kerber ahead of their opening matches at the clay court tournament. ana ivanovic -lrb- l-r -rrb- , sabine lisicki , angelique kerber , caroline wozniacki and maria sharapova strike a pose. ivanovic speaks to wozniacki -lrb- right -rrb- during the opening ceremony of the porsche grand prix tennis event. the women 's tennis stars wave to the crowd ahead of their games at the clay court tournament in stuttgart.
a man who lost his sight 12 years ago has discovered a love of painting and can create amazing images just by touch. john bramblitt , 42 , had epilepsy from the age of 11 and over the next 19 years it slowly caused him to lose his eyesight. at the age of 30 , the artist from denton in texas was completely blind. scroll down for video. artist john bramblitt , right , discovered his love of painting after losing his sight some 12 years ago. the artist uses a special technique using a fabric paint to create an outline before colouring in the work.
russia are on the brink of making the fed cup final with a 2-0 lead after anastasia pavlyuchenkova saved a match point to beat germany 's sabine lisicki on saturday. pavlyuchenkova saved the match point in the second set before going on to beat lisicki 4-6 , 7-6 -lrb- 4 -rrb- , 6-3 , after svetlana kuznetsova beat julia goerges in straight sets in the opening rubber. ' anastasia pavlyuchenkova of russia beat germany 's sabine lisicki for a 2-0 lead in their fed cup tie. svetlana kuznetsova had earlier beaten julia goerges in straight sets. the result left russia needing one win from sunday 's three matches to reach the final and bag a first fed cup title since 2008 .
this game is being billed as beauty v the beast , but do n't underestimate arsene wenger. the philosophy wenger has imposed has made arsenal popular throughout the world. people love to watch them , certainly more than jose mourinho 's teams. but on sunday , he is up against the ultimate pragmatist -- mourinho finds any way to win. chelsea have conceded just two goals in their last six clashes with arsenal , keeping four clean sheets in the process. mourinho does exactly what 's necessary. so while wenger always aims to win , he still cares about the brand of football played.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- when drinkers in clayton 's , a beachfront bar in south padre island , texas , belly up for a round of shots , bartender casey belue can usually guess what they 'll order. it tastes like big red chewing gum. it 's fireball cinnamon whisky , and lately it 's been as hot as its name. fireball , which did n't exist in its current form a decade ago , is the fastest-growing big brand of liquor in america. retail sales more than doubled last year , and fireball has come seemingly out of nowhere to become the sixth-most popular liquor brand in the u.s. as measured by retail sales -- ahead of such venerable labels as jim beam , jose cuervo and grey goose.
sergio aguero says the experience of scoring in a manchester derby is unparalleled. the argentine has scored six goals in derby meetings with united and is planning on adding to that tally when the two sides meet at old trafford on sunday. sergio aguero smashes the ball against the post during manchester city 's defeat by crystal palace. aguero says scoring against manchester united is enough to give him shivers. the argentine forward has scored six times against united , including this one at the etihad in september 2013. ` if you score against united at old trafford it almost give you shivers , because you can feel the tense atmosphere with most of the stadium being really quiet , but the away end going crazy.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- the golden state could soon refer to the hue of california 's lawns. gov. jerry brown on wednesday imposed mandatory water restrictions for the first time on residents , businesses and farms , ordering cities and towns in the drought-ravaged state to reduce usage by 25 %. '' the 25 % cut in usage amounts to roughly 1.5 million acre-feet of water -lrb- an acre foot of water equals about 325,000 gallons -rrb- over the next nine months , state officials said. `` this historic drought demands unprecedented action , '' brown said , standing on a patch of dry , brown grass in the sierra nevada mountains that is usually blanketed by up to 5 feet of snow.
many couples disagree over what to name their children -- but one new york couple 's battle over their unborn baby 's moniker became so unbearable that they have asked random members of the public to help them reach a decision. kseniya soukeras , who is due in august , wants to name her unborn child michael , after her late father. her husband nicholas prefers the greek name spyridon , after his own father. baby name showdown : nicholas and kseniya soukeras ca n't agree over whether to name their child spyridon or michael , which nicholas says his wife will shorten to mischa.
for two hours at the start of a test match that england can not afford to lose it was possible to believe that colin graves ' description of west indies as ` mediocre ' would have the same motivating effect as tony greig saying he would make them grovel. certainly the comments of the ecb 's outspoken new chairman were not looking very accurate when england 's new top three had all succumbed to a west indies pace attack seemingly inspired by bowling coach curtly ambrose. ian bell , with his 22nd test century , joe root and , thrillingly , the rejuvenated ben stokes had restored order in this crucial first test.
big-hearted ipswich town left back tyrone mings has seemingly paid off his mother 's debts in his latest act of generosity. the 22-year-old posted a text message conversation between him and his mother on his instagram account. ' tyrone mings has seemingly paid off his mother 's debts in an act of generosity. mings posted a screengrab of a text message conversation on his instagram account. mings replied two minutes later : ` aww mumma you deserve every penny. ' alongside the screengrab , mings wrote : ` this is why i do it , this makes worth it -lsb- sic -rsb- ' his apparent act of generosity drew over 2,000 ` likes ' and lots of praise from his followers , with many saying he was a role model that children should look up to.
unruly hair is making my life a misery. what really works on frizzy hair like mine ? deborah , 43 , lanarkshire. deborah described her naturally curly hair as a ` frizz nightmare '. taming frizzy hair can be a constant battle. ` my hair can look amazing if a professional hairstylist blow-dries it , ' says deborah. scroll down for video. deborah before -lrb- l -rrb- and after -lrb- r -rrb- the the nanokeratin system hair relaxing treatment. ' i lead a busy life and would love my hair to be more manageable , so how can i tame the frizz and reduce the time it takes to get ready ? ' the expert : we sent deborah to the taylor ferguson salon in glasgow for the nanokeratin system hair relaxing treatment.
nicola adams has been forced to withdraw from this weekend 's english national championships following a burglary at her home in leeds. adams had been due to contest the women 's 51kg flyweight division including a prospective final showdown against her great britain rival lisa whiteside. olympic gold medallist nicola adams has had to pull out of the english national championships. adams said in a statement : ` nothing makes me prouder than boxing on home ground with the support i get from the nation. we would like to thank everyone for their understanding and support - the boxing team , the police and all my supporters.
great-great grandmother betty johnson of missouri , a chiefs season ticket holder since 1986 , had said goodbye to everyone except for her team. but her wish was granted on thursday after a visit from chiefs hall of famer nick lowery , and johnson passed away shortly after , just as he was leaving , her family said. ' i believe she -lsb- was -rsb- holding on to say goodbye to her chiefs , ' her daughter , susan told kctv5. scroll down for video. betty johnson , 86 , was a kansas city chiefs ticket holder since 1986. a devoted fan , she was known as ` grandma ' by several players and received a kiss from wide receiver dwayne bowe every game -lrb- above -rrb-.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- ultrahaptics is a young company with a big dream : changing the way we interact with electronic devices. their technology creates tactile three-dimensional shapes literally out of thin air , using ultrasound. '' through an emission of sound waves , sensations are projected through the air and to the user. changes in air pressure are perceived as suspended tactile surfaces , creating invisible -- but tangible -- interfaces. the rising tide of virtual reality seems unstoppable : facebook 's oculus rift and magic leap are leading the pack , but several other companies are readying devices in a field that could shake the foundations of electronic entertainment.
as inexperienced first-time parents we shower our baby with gifts and document their every milestone. more than a third of mothers clothed their second baby in one or more hand-me-downs , with 46 per cent giving them toys bought for their elder sibling. and though 82 per cent have a memento of their first child , such as a lock of hair or a video of their first steps , only 23 per cent have a keepsake for their second , a report by debenhams found. the new royal baby may be about to force prince george to share the royal spotlight , but most second borns in the family have every reason to feel hard done by , the research shows.
but take your crew 90 minutes north of the big apple to mohonk mountain house in the heart of the hudson valley and you 'll not regret it for a second. it gets its name from the surrounding mohonk preserve , on the fringes of the monumental shawangunk ridge , a vast cliff band that runs down through pennsylvania to new jersey. the hotel is a faux-gothic victorian castle and may look too faux to european eyes , but the lake , gardens and trails are a vast adventure playground for all ages. a world away : the faux-gothic victorian castle hotel mohonk mountain house enjoys a spectacular location.
although he had never run a marathon before , callum ryan , 21 , committed himself to the daunting challenge of running eight of them between january and september 2015 - covering a total distance of 337.5 kilometres. his ` eight great states ' campaign is driven by his passion to make a difference after the loss of his friend , malachy frawley who died from heart disease in 2013 when he was just 14 years old. callum is preparing to battle vastly different weather conditions and diverse terrains as he pounds the pavement right around australia , raising funds for not-for-profit organisation heartkids australia - supporting thousands of children living with heart defects.
as holidays go , kim kardashian has long had the pick of the planet. sitting on a bank balance that could sustain a small country , means that the cost of flights and accommodation has never been an issue for the reality tv star. scroll down for video. kim has long had her pick of holiday destinations - so how have her holiday tastes changed over the years ? this month , kim and her husband kanye west made a high-profile tour of armenia and israel to baptise their daughter and retrace the kardashian roots. paris is top of her travel-list and she has spent increasing amounts of time in the french capital with her husband.
a lonely man has taken his search for love - or lust - online , posting an advertisement complete with his desires , or ` requirements '. the outback casanova , who lives in humpty doo , northern territory , detailed his dream girl on gumtree. ` wanted !!!!! girlfriend/wife , must love pets ... accomodation available , position may offer company car , phone and laptop , to the ` successful candidate ' , ' it reads. scroll down for video. daily mail australia unsuccessfully attempted to contact the man behind the commercial .
-lrb- cnn -rrb- the head of the libyan army has rejected the possibility of cooperating with any eu military intervention in his country intended to stem the flow of undocumented migrants trying to reach europe. in an exclusive interview friday with cnn 's becky anderson , libyan army head gen. khalifa haftar said libyan authorities had not been consulted and , in any event , military action would not solve the problem. '' the european union is struggling to cope with an increasing number of people crowding into unseaworthy boats and trying to reach european shores. many of the travelers are fleeing violence and poverty in libya and elsewhere in the region.
travelling can be tiring , especially if there are many flights involved and jet lag. the traveller went on a trip of a lifetime to see the amazon rainforest ... but he missed the whole thing being asleep ! dozing away ! even a trip piranha fishing could not stir the slumberer from his nap. incredible nature moments the traveller missed due to napping include a pink dolphin watching tour and even a nail-biting piranha fishing expedition. sadly he even missed seeing adorable sloths and monkeys in the wild , and impressive giant amazon lily pads. alex is said to be bemused at his new found internet fame , following the pictures going viral on the site.
win and arsenal go second to put huge pressure on manchester city. lose and liverpool will be nine points behind arsene wenger 's side. olivier giroud v kolo toure/mamadou sakho. with no martin skrtel , olivier giroud will be licking his lips. kolo toure and mamadou sakho are both solid enough but they are nervous in possession and they will miss the experience and physicality of skrtel. if dejan lovren is fit , i expect him to play , but if not , do n't be surprised if giroud gets on the scoresheet. the frenchman is in excellent form this season but the only question mark against him was does he score enough in the big games ? so far in this campaign , he has scored against manchester united , city and liverpool.
hong kong -lrb- cnn -rrb- four months after the end of the massive occupy protests that clogged hong kong 's streets in a bid for greater voting rights , another confrontation is heating up in the former british colony. the flashpoint ? a controversial beijing-backed election proposal tabled wednesday that pro-democracy legislators have already sworn to veto , describing it as `` ridiculous. '' in a speech before the city 's legislature , chief secretary carrie lam said that if approved , the proposal would give hong kongers the right to vote for their next leader in 2017. dissenting pro-democracy legislators wearing black marched from the chamber as soon as lam 's speech ended.
a mississippi man is lucky to be alive after a lawn mower shot a three-and-a-half inch metal wire up his nose and into his head. bill parker , 34 , of gulfport was mowing his lawn while at his family home last sunday when he thought a rock hit him in the face not realizing it was actually a metal fence wire. bill parker , 34 , of gulfport was mowing his lawn on april 19 when the rusty metal wire entered his left nostril and was lodged in his sinus cavity -lrb- above the ct scan showing the wire inside parker 's head -rrb-.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- when al-shabaab gunmen slaughtered 147 people at a college campus in garissa , kenya , on thursday , it was the bloodiest blow islamist extremists have dealt to the country since the 1998 bombing of the u.s. embassy in nairobi. but it was also yet another pave stone in the long path of violence between kenya and the somali militants. although al qaeda was behind the 1998 attack that killed more than 200 people , al-shabaab has killed many more kenyans and is by far the country 's most persistent tormenter , according to a university of maryland study.
london -lrb- cnn -rrb- a 19-year-old man was charged wednesday with terror offenses after he was arrested as he returned to britain from turkey , london 's metropolitan police said. yahya rashid , a uk national from northwest london , was detained at luton airport on tuesday after he arrived on a flight from istanbul , police said. he 's been charged with engaging in conduct in preparation of acts of terrorism , and with engaging in conduct with the intention of assisting others to commit acts of terrorism. rashid is due to appear in westminster magistrates ' court on wednesday , police said.
usually a highlight of mercedes-benz fashion week australia , alex perry 's name is a notable absence from the schedule in 2015. the designer revealed in february that he would not be presenting a collection at the sydney event this week , and revealed to daily mail australia on sunday that he was enjoying ` taking a breather '. scroll down for video. this is only the second fashion week the design powerhouse has missed in two decades. ' fashion favourite : perry says kym ellery -lrb- pictured left -rrb- is one of his favourite designers showing this week. ` there are so many different designers with so many styles now , it 's not like it was 50 years ago when skirts are to the knee or something like that , there are so many handwritings , so i think it will all become really apparent after we see them this week.
an incredible video has stitched together footage from a nasa spacecraft , revealed the beauty of the solar surface as it bursts with energy. taken over five years , the footage includes plasma raining down on the sun , an extreme solar eruption and even a comet breezing through the sun 's atmosphere. scroll down for video. filmmaker michael könig from cologne , germany has created an amazing video showing solar activity -lrb- shown -rrb-. it was made by stitching together footage from nasa 's solar dynamics observatory over five years. the movie , called sun , was created by filmmaker michael könig from cologne , germany.
evans saw her task made all the more intimidating when she was drawn to face 1997 world champion ken doherty on thursday , in the first of three preliminary rounds , while white will tackle fellow veteran james wattana in his opener on saturday. steve davis will attempt to qualify for this year 's betfred world championship at the crucible. but davis , who will also attempt to qualify , expects both would relish the challenge if they fought their way through to the first round in sheffield. he calls 29-year-old dudley potter evans ' a great player ' , and said of the 10-time ladies ' world champion : ` it 's a real tough battle out there against players who are playing for their livelihoods.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- hillary clinton is now officially a candidate for president -- and the never ending clinton story rumbles on. she started as the first lady that the right loved to hate , then the deceived wife , next a senator , then a candidate for president in one of the most dynamic primaries in history and finally , a secretary of state. the great american republic now looks about as democratic as `` game of thrones. yet even though diane feinstein can assert confidently that hillary `` does n't ` need ' -lrb- the white house -rrb-. there are good grounds for a liberal primary challenge to clinton.
most women have known the frustrated feeling of nursing the broken heel of a irreplaceable shoe. tanya heath paris has revolutionised women 's footwear with her collection of shoes that feature an interchangeable heel. scroll down for video. a high heel -lrb- up to 3.5 inches -rrb- can be swapped for a lower heel -lrb- 1.5 inches -rrb- , without compromising the style. the first of their kind , the shoes , which start from # 260 -rrb- are supposedly comfortable and come in a variety of styles. every shoe features a button on the inside of the shoe , in the centre of the heel.
with the cost of a christening hitting upwards of # 300 , parents are looking for ways to baptise their baby on a budget. hot on the heels of releasing its budget bridesmaid range , the supermarket giant has unveiled garments for babies being christened. george at asda has created its ` luxury christening range ' just in time for the birth of the royal baby - and say its gowns and rompers allow mothers to buy a traditional christening outfit for a fraction of the price. scroll down for video. research has revealed that the average price of a christening has hit # 300.
valencia midfielder andre gomes insists he has no intention of leaving the club this summer. the 21-year-old has been linked with premier league duo manchester united and chelsea in some quarters but he says remaining at the mestalla is his preferred option. ' valencia midfielder andre gomes -lrb- right -rrb- , pictured in action against villarreal , says he wants to stay at the club. reports have linked gomes with a move to premier league duo manchester united and chelsea. the portuguese midfielder has netted four times in 25 la liga appearances since leaving benfica last summer , helping valencia to fourth place in the table.
messy homes can understandably be a huge source of embarrassment for home owners. it turns out old mugs of tea , toothpaste-encrusted bathrooms and mouldy food are among the top ` cleaning sins ' committed by busy brits. a study by kärcher has revealed six in ten brits are too busy to clean their homes. a study of 2,000 people by cleaning equipment company , kärcher , revealed that a whopping six in ten full-time working brits are too busy to clean their homes each week. even more shocking is that now , three months into the new year , many have avoided certain cleaning jobs all together.
french trainer freddy head has favourably compared his 2,000 guineas hope ride like the wind to last year 's fifth-placed runner charm spirit , who landed three group one races in 2014. both the runner-up that day , make believe , and the fifth home , sinfonietta , could reoppose in the guineas to make it a three-pronged french assault on the 2,000 guineas. ' the aidan o'brien-trained pair of gleneagles and highland reel head the 2,000 guineas entries. also still in contention are the three winners of last week 's classic trials -- kool kompany -lrb- craven stakes -rrb- , home of the brave -lrb- free handicap -rrb- and muhaarar -lrb- greenham stakes -rrb-.
hundreds of survivalists and so-called ` preppers ' , of all ages and levels of ` experience ' , descended on the salt lake city , utah , suburb of sandy on friday for the nation 's first ever preppercon. during the two-day expo , they were shown specially-equipped underground bunkers , learned new methods of storing food , tried out solar powered flashlights - and even dressed up as zombies. they were also greeted by actors from the amc hit show ` the walking dead ' , including addy miller , who took pictures with fans and acted as a judge in an emergency preparedness food cook-off.
but after 20 grueling hours on the course , maickel melamed overcame another obstacle - a rare form of muscular dystrophy that makes it hard for him to just walk or move - to finally cross the finish line. melamed , 39 , may have come in last place in the 26.2-mile race , but his story touched a city now famous for its own iron-clad will after the boston marathon bombings in 2013. scroll down for video. melamed has a rare form of muscular dystrophy that makes it hard just to move or walk , but he did n't let that stop him from finishing his fifth marathon at 5am tuesday morning.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- indiana 's controversial religious freedom law has been in hot water lately. after a firestorm of backlash and protests , gov. mike pence said on tuesday that the state will `` fix '' the religious freedom restoration act , or rfra , so it will not discriminate against gays and lesbians. pence is making the right call. promoting the false dichotomy between protecting religion versus protecting equality serves no one. not all people who dislike the law hate religion , and not all people who like the law want to discriminate against the lgbt community. the unbelievably easy way to fix indiana 's rfra is to add one small amendment , one easy line codifying that discrimination against the lgbt community is harmful , and that there is a compelling governmental interest in eliminating that harm.
the 12-year-old daughter of the mailman who landed his gyrocopter on the lawn of the u.s. capitol last week has said she was ` downright proud ' of her dad. ' her father , 61-year-old doug hughes , landed the aircraft on the west lawn last wednesday to protest campaign finance laws but was swiftly taken into custody. he is now under house arrest at their ruskin , florida home as he awaits a hearing to determine if he will go on trial for crossing a no-fly zone , a charge that could send him to prison for four years. on monday , hughes called his 80-mile journey to the capitol ' a huge thrill ' and shared footage of the flight from virginia , across washington d.c. and his safe landing on the west lawn.
not everyone should be behind the wheel of a $ 50,000 car. that 's one lesson to take away from a video posted by youtube user richard stewart showing a porsche cayman flying out of control as it speeds from a green light on prince edward island in canada. a wheel even comes off before the car finally comes to a halt. do n't let your son drive your porsche ! '' wrote stewart on youtube about the crash. khou reports that police have not made the identity of the driver public but have said that a 31-year-old driver was cited for the crash , leaving the car a totaled as it was towed away.
leroy j. toppins went missing on friday night while playing with siblings in the front yard of his family 's home in washington court house , ohio. his parents worriedly reported him missing after he disappeared about 6pm. however at 7pm , the boy 's body was found in a pond at an old stone quarry , a short distance from where he was last seen , local network nbc 4. the quarry had been abandoned for years. tragedy : leroy j. toppins went missing about 6pm friday while playing with siblings in the front yard of his family 's home in washington court house , ohio.
a new york woman has worn the same ensemble to work every day for three years. scroll down for video. ' -lsb- i kept thinking -rsb- , `` is this too formal ? is that too out there ? is this dress too short ? '' i finally chose something i regretted as soon as i hit the subway platform. ' arriving at her meeting late , frazzled and wearing an inside-out sweater , while her male colleagues and new boss looked relaxed and at-ease , left her feeling frustrated and wondering why she 'd bothered with the stress of it at all.
greg rusedski has supported aljaz bedene 's bid to overturn an international tennis federation ruling and become eligible to represent great britain in the davis cup. slovenia-born bedene secured a british passport last month but can not currently represent his new nation in the competition having played twice for slovenia in 2010 and 2011. world 99 aljaz bedene is not giving up hope in his quest to play for great britain in the davis cup. bedene has greg rusedski 's support in his bid to overturn the itf 's ruling that he ca n't play for great britain. ` at the moment when it comes to the davis cup he does n't even factor into the discussion unless he gets the itf to overturn their current ruling.
niki lauda 's red cap stood out like a beacon on the dull , grey tarmac of the biggest , most soulless paddock in all formula one. when your face is the charred remains of having nearly burned to death at the wheel of a ferrari , why not throw caution to the wind or , in shanghai 's case , the smog ? lauda , now chairman of mercedes f1 , aimed his first verbal grenade at his driver nico rosberg , who moments earlier had stood in front of him rotating his shoulders and about to play keepie-uppie to warm up for friday 's second practice session for the chinese grand prix.
a heartbroken mother has spoken out about her relentless grief after her baby son was brutally murdered in a random attack when a stranger broke into their home. casey veal 's son zayden was just 10 months old when he was bludgeoned to death by a drug-crazed burglar who broke into their bendigo home at random , whilst the baby slept in his cot in june 2012. the culprit was 19-year-old harley hicks who bashed baby zayden more than 30 times with a homemade baton during a senseless and unprovoked robbery , fuelled by ice and marijuana. casey veal 's son zayden was just 10 months old when he was bludgeoned to death by a drug-crazed burglar who broke into their bendigo home at random in the middle of the night as the family slept.
a taxi driver channelled his inner pavarotti and produced an emotionally charged opera performance to the surprise of his customers. the uber driver was filmed by passengers as he sang along to a radio broadcast while driving in boston , america. at first the driver lets the radio take command and pavarotti 's distinctive voice can be heard from within side the cab. at first the driver lets the radio play before he begins singing along to the pavarotti song in perfect tune. while looking around as he drives , the uber worker continues to sing along to the song both in tune and word perfectly.
restaurant critic and festival curator leo schofield , 79 , claimed living in tasmania was the unhappiest time of his life. an australian festival organiser has slammed tasmania as a state full ` dregs , bogans and third-generation morons '. in a scathing article , long time restaurant critic and festival curator leo schofield , 79 , claimed living in tasmania was the unhappiest time of his life and the decade he spent there left him feeling bitter and depressed. mr schofield moved to hobart to set up a baroque music festival in what he claims was an attempt to help tasmanians take advantage of its grand heritage.
the 25-1 shot , who was sixth in the cheltenham gold cup , is the first hennessy gold cup winner to land the prestigious prize and in the process ended his trainer oliver sherwood 's wretched record in the race. the lambourn handler had previously saddled four national runners and non of them had even completed the course prior to his eight-year-old 's hard-fought length-and-three quarter defeat of the gallant saint aire. many clouds won the crabbie 's grand national at aintree for trainer oliver sherwood -lrb- centre -rrb- and last year 's winning jockey leighton aspell. winning jockey aspell kisses the grand national trophy as the 38-year-old celebrates another famous victory.
trade was taking place between east asia and the new world hundreds of years before christopher columbus arrived in the area in 1492. this is according to a series of bronze artefacts found at the ` rising whale ' site in cape espenberg , alaska. archaeologists discovered what they believe to be a bronze and leather buckle and a bronze whistle , dating to around a.d. 600. the discovery was made after archaeologists found what they believe to be a bronze and leather buckle -lrb- right -rrb- , dating to around a.d. 600. bronze-working had not been developed at this time in alaska , and researchers instead believe the artefacts were created in china , korea or yakutia.
one of australia 's most prestigious universities will review its methods of plagiarism detection after it was claimed dozens of students who paid to have assignments written will not be punished because the university can not identify them. chinese-born yingying dou , 30 , reportedly ran the mymaster website which charged up to $ 1000 per assignment and was used by hundreds of students across 12 nsw universities. the university of sydney was provided with evidence that its students had ordered 40 assignments from the mymaster website after an investigation by fairfax media. but internal emails show just five students have been found guilty of cheating , the sydney morning herald reported.
this is the moment a heroic teenage baskin robbins employee in washington punched an armed robber as he tried to steal money from the cash register. bishop said she tried to plead with the man when he ordered her to hand over all the money in the cash register , but when that did n't work she took action. as the man reached into the till , bishop tried to swat his hand away. when that did n't stop him , she started punching him in the head multiple times. scroll down for video. this is the moment heroic teenage baskin robbins employee rachael bishop , 19 , punched an armed robber as he tried to steal money from the cash register of the lynnwood , washington store.
bolton-born boxer amir khan spent his friday alongside some fellow natural born fighters as he enjoyed a family trip to a safari park in northern california. khan posed alongside , and also fed , a rare but dangerous white tiger as well posing with stunning giraffes and sea lions at six flags discovery kingdom. bolton-born boxer amir khan enjoyed a day a safari park with his family in northern california. khan and his wife and daughter pose with a giraffe as they enjoy a family day at the adventure park. khan feeds a rare white tiger during his time at the american adventure park in california.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- most airline pilots have an above average ability to compartmentalize personal problems. the cockpit is our `` safe '' place. standardization. depression is treatable. and for airline pilots , it is no longer debilitating to our livelihood. the federal aviation administration now approves certain prescribed medication , allowing us to continue flying until depression is no longer a factor. as the world learns more about andreas lubitz , the co-pilot on germanwings flight 9525 , it is readily apparent that this young man had psychiatric issues far beyond clinical depression. he reportedly was administered a series of injections to mitigate his problems , an absolute reflection on the serious nature of his illness.
this is the amazing scene as a freelance photographer risks his life to capture an image of a hungry lion from just a few feet away. fearless atif saeed , 38 , from lahore , pakistan was in the city 's safari park when he spotted the male lion in the distance. atif saeed crept to within 10 feet of the hungry lion before leaving the safety of his car to lie on the ground. unfortunately , the clicking sound of the camera 's shutter alerted the lion to mr saeed 's presence , who was forced to retreat quite rapidly from just 10 feet away from the lion.
no footballer has ever been late for kick-off because he was tied up negotiating a new contract. so , from the start , raheem sterling 's explanation for the end of his conversations with liverpool did not stand up. liverpool ? arsenal ? abroad ? yet postponing the process to the end of the season does n't solve that issue. if sterling wanted to stop thinking right now , he could sign his new deal or tell liverpool to come back in a year. raheem sterling has turned down a new deal with liverpool and put off contract talks until the summer.
kansas has become the first state to ban a common second-trimester abortion procedure that critics describe as dismembering a fetus. republican gov. sam brownback , a strong abortion opponent , signed the ` kansas unborn child protection from dismemberment abortion act on tuesday. the law bans the so-called ` dilation and evacuation ' procedure and redefines it as ` dismemberment abortion. ' sam brownback , the governor of kansas , tweeted a photo on tuesday showing him signing the abortion-ban bill into law. kansas abortion opponents have spent years pushing their state to the right on the contentious issue , including this 2013 rally at the steps of the kansas statehouse in topeka.
tattoo-loving soldiers in the u.s. army will soon be able to get inked on their arms and legs thanks to changing rules , officials announced wednesday. regulations about the size and number of tattoos are also set to be dropped , according to sergeant major of the army dan dailey. ` as long as it 's not visible in the army uniform ... that 's the spirit of what we went after , ' dailey told the army times. army chief of staff gen. ray odierno announced policy change at the association of the united states army conference in huntsville , alabama.
while the debate about whether workers prefer a cubicle over an open office layout , a office furniture company has come up with a design that is possibly a happy medium. scroll down for video. office furniture company steelcase designed the work space seating to provide privacy in an open office setting -lrb- above designs of the brody worklounge -rrb-. the seating will be available for purchase in late august starting at $ 2,700. the brody , which will be available late august starting at $ 2,700 , sort of resembles both a desk and an office and is created to limit distractions by creating a shelter while also providing privacy , according to the company.
most teens would be mortified to have a parent chaperone their prom - let alone take one of them as a date. the 17-year-old albertville , alabama high school junior was proud to be escorted by her grandfather to the annual end-of-year dance this weekend. webb told daily mail online that she asked her 80-year-old ` poppa ' james drain to prom because he never got to attend the dance himself. drain dropped out of school after the eighth grade and then enlisted in the navy in 1951 at age 17 - just in time to be shipped off to serve in the korea war.
it is probably fair to say that never before in the history of the masters has a crowd 10 deep assembled around the first tee at 4.20 pm on the first official day of practice. tiger woods returns to action at augusta national golf club to practice ahead of the masters 2015. woods was making his first public appearance in 60 days since announcing a hiatus from golf. woods is greeted by european ryder cup captain darren clarke -lrb- right -rrb- at augusta national golf club. after his well-documented chipping problems in january , all eyes are being trained on how he copes with the infamous tight lies at augusta.
giant hailstones the size of plums crashed down over the south on tuesday with residents rushing out to capture the freak weather. footage shows the hailstones coming down at speed , with many cracking as they hit the ground. caught on camera : giant hailstones the size of plums crashed down over the south on tuesday with residents rushing out to capture the freak weather. monster hail : brittney davis from arkansas holds one of the hail stones that fell from the sky yesterday. photographs taken after the hail storm passed show large punctures in a lawn. many pictures show the balls alongside quarter-dollar coins to demonstrate their mammoth size.
the fiancé of a beloved georgia teacher is speaking out about the night the woman died , as her killer , a high school student , faces multiple charges. alton hines was waiting for his fiancé , 33-year-old leah o'brien at her home on the night of saturday , april 25 , he told wsbtv. popular : leah o'brien was killed when the car she was driving to chaperone the school prom was hit by a vehicle carrying two students also on their way to the dance. fiancé : o'brien 's fiancé , alton hines -lrb- photographed -rrb- , recently spoke out about the night he found out o'brien had been killed.
facebook has come under fire after removing a video that shows aboriginal women in a traditional ceremony because they were topless. the social media site deemed the clip , which shows two elderly women painted in ochre in a trailer for upcoming abc tv show 8mmm aboriginal radio , as containing ` potentially offensive nudity '. when the makers of the alice springs-based six part comedy tv series for abc1 posted that facebook had taken the clip off their page , fans commented that it was ` outrageous ' and ` ridiculous '. scroll down for video. the trailer for abc tv show 8mmm aboriginal radio , which includes two aboriginal women painted in ochre , was deemed offensive by facebook.
ahead of this weekend 's premier league action , sportsmail will be providing you with all you need to know about every fixture , with team news , provisional squads , betting odds and opta stats. here is all the information you need for burnley 's home clash with arsenal ... burnley vs arsenal -lrb- turf moor -rrb-. burnley. burnley midfielder matt taylor could make his return from a seven-and-a-half month achilles injury lay-off against arsenal on saturday. midfielder dean marney and defender kevin long -lrb- both cruciate ligament -rrb- remain on the long-term absentee list. matt taylor -lrb- left -rrb- attempts to track chelsea 's eden hazard in the sides ' opening game of the season.
one of the best spells of spring weather in the last two decades is set to peak today with temperatures in england beating most of the mediterranean. the mercury is expected to reach 25c -lrb- 77f -rrb- in the south east today. this will beat marseille at 22c -lrb- 72f -rrb- , athens at 21c -lrb- 70f -rrb- , rome at 19c -lrb- 66f -rrb- and madrid at 18c -lrb- 64f -rrb-. temperatures will drop slightly tomorrow as fresher weather arrives but the days will remain sunny until next week. scroll down for videos. laid-back : londoners in st james 's park lying down and sunbathing as the heatwave continued.
gregory van der wiel has denied claims that he is set to leave paris saint-germain in the summer and instead reiterated his ` love ' for the club. the dutchman recently had a falling out with his boss laurent blanc after the decision to drop the full back for the champions league clash against chelsea. but van der wiel insists he 's happy in paris and is making no plans to leave the ligue 1 side. gregory van der wiel -lrb- right -rrb- says he 's not interested in leaving paris saint-germain in the summer. he told l'equipe : ' i am genuinely happy at psg.
one season soon , there will be more people watching each premier league match live in the usa than in britain. that is the confident expectation of broadcasting titan nbc , who hold the live rights to show matches stateside and have more than doubled us interest in england 's elite division in the past two years. in 2012-13 , some 13 million different americans watched at least one top-flight english game live. this weekend , for the first time , reflecting their boom product , nbc have transported their entire premier league production from their hq in stamford , connecticut , to england.
a jet-setting owl has posted photos from its travels on facebook after it was ` kidnapped ' from a nottinghamshire pub. landlord richard stevenson , 32 , had mascot ollie the owl snatched from the lounge area of the admiral rodney , in nottingham , last month. he thought the # 7.99 ornament had been lost forever until he received a letter in the post on march 6 demanding a donation to charity for its safe return. the owl has been pictured sunning itself on a beach after it was ` kidnapped ' from a nottingham pub. incredibly , the wooden statue has already jetted off to belfast , benidorm and even tunisia despite only going missing a month ago.
yet this year it looks as though the 29-year-old actor , who counts robert pattinson and andrew garfield among his best friends , could be set to become more famous than his a-list fiancee. not only is the london-born actor wowing the west end in american buffalo , he 's about to step into the costume drama void left by aidan turner 's poldark , when he plays sergeant troy to carey mulligan 's bathsheba in the hotly-anticipated new adaptation of far from the madding crowd. scroll down for video. tom sturridge the fiance of sienna miller could be set to overtake his partner in the fame stakes this year as he stars in the west end play american buffalo and is set to release a film with ryan gosling.
the mother of a baby born with deformed hands and feet in china is pleading for her husband to come home -- four months after he told her he was going out to earn money for the girl 's surgery. worried jiang min says she has now run out of cash and ca n't even afford food , let alone medical treatment , for baby mengyu and their older daughter. pictured with her daughter mengyu , has n't seen her husband for months. the family 's plight has attracted the attention of local media in binzhou city , who have cruelly compared mengyu 's webbed hands and feet to ` pigs ' trotters '.
middleton and kim sears stepped out armed with their trusty aspinal of london handbags , they have fast became the season 's must-have arm candy. the british brand has called on international style icon olivia palermo to design a limited edition handbag. olivia palermo , who found fame on reality tv show the city , has teamed up with luxury british brand aspinal of london to design a tote. with pippa middleton and victoria beckham both being long term devotees , aspinal of london handbags have been on our sartorial radar for a while now. but the british heritage brand has stepped up its game a notch for its latest venture , a collaboration with one of our favourite fashionistas , olivia palermo.
u.s. secretary of state john kerry and iranian foreign minister mohammad javad zarif met monday for the first time since world powers and iran sealed a framework agreement on april 2 that would limit iran 's ability to build a nuclear weapon. the obama administration moved on two fronts today to advance its nuclear diplomacy with iran , with talks between top u.s. and iranian diplomats at a united nations conference in new york and an aggressive effort to sell the emerging deal to skeptical american lawmakers and constituencies in washington. in this march 16 photo , u.s. secretary of state john kerry , left , listens to iran 's foreign minister mohammad javad zarif , right , during diplomatic talks about iran 's nuclear program in lausanne , switzerland.
on wednesday , dc entertainment , warner bros. and mattel announced a partnership to launch dc super hero girls , featuring familiar superheroes and supervillains as `` relatable teens , '' according to a press release. -lrb- like cnn , dc and warner bros. are units of time warner. the characters involved include wonder woman , supergirl , batgirl , harley quinn and poison ivy , among others. and jenna busch , writing for legion of leia , was concerned the initiative was another way of keeping girls separate. mattel is the toy licensee and random house books for young readers will publish books based on the franchise.
waiting times to be seen in a&e have soared to their worst level in more than 10 years , official figures revealed this morning. in the first three months of the year , 434,775 people waited longer than four hours in hospital emergency wards - some 4,830 patients every day. the figures also show that 113,648 waited longer than four-hours on trolleys in a&e , and 983 over 12 hours. it is now 89 weeks since hospital a&e s met their waiting targets. nhs england figures show that 92 per cent of patients spent less than four hours in the week ending march 29.
dawn was breaking as we pulled out of calvi station , and the town 's medieval citadel , perched on a headland , was bathed in the rosy glow of the first rays of sunlight. i was following the ancient sentiers de transhumance , footpaths used for more than 1,000 years by shepherds leading their animals to summer pastures. over the following days i found myself scrambling over dry river beds , scaling rock-strewn gullies and clinging to cable handrails as i inched across wobbly suspension bridges. the golo valley , where the ancient sentiers de transhumance used for more than 1,000 years begins.
in addition to its 11 channels , tv5monde also temporarily lost control of its social media outlets and its websites , director yves bigot said in a video message posted later on facebook. on a mobile site , which was still active , the network said it was `` hacked by an islamist group. '' isis logos and markings could be seen on some tv5monde social media accounts. but there was no immediate claim of responsibility by isis or any other group. the outage began around 10 p.m. paris time -lrb- 4 p.m. et -rrb- , and network teams were still working to restore service more than five hours later.
over 300 people gathered at sydney harbour for a candlelight vigil in front of a huge flower wall reading ' #keephopealive ' on monday night. brisbane , melbourne and perth also saw hoards of people congregate to show solidarity for the condemned duo. scroll down for video. the two men are set to be executed just after the stroke midnight on wednesday -lrb- 3am aest -rrb-. 300 people gathered at the blues point reserve on sydney 's north shore donning signs and candles. ' #keephopealive ' was erected using over 15,000 flowers donated by amnesty international supporters. the blues point reserve gathering in sydney 's north shore contained 15,000 flowers donated by amnesty international supporters.
the owner of an auto repair shop in michigan has become the latest business owner to claim his religious views should allow him to be able to refuse serving gay customers. brian klawiter posted a message on his company 's facebook page on tuesday in which he announced that openly gay people are not welcome at his business because he considers homosexuality to be wrong. ' i would not hesitate to refuse service to an openly gay person or persons , ' he wrote. ` homosexuality is wrong , period. ' brian klawiter posted a message on his company 's facebook page announcing that openly gay people are not welcome at his business in grandville , michigan.
the leaked sony emails are now claiming more victims just days after wikileaks published thousands of the documents and made them easier to search. this time it is bruce jenner , whose alleged gender transition is mocked by the generally soft-spoken and affable cameron crowe. scroll down for video. in a leaked sony email cameron crowe -lrb- above -rrb- mocks bruce jenner 's gender transition. while discussing his upcoming film aloha , which stars an all-star cast that includes bradley cooper , emma stone , rachel mcadams , and alec baldwin , pascal asked crowe if he had anything to show her from the movie in october 2014.
st etienne want to sign cardiff full-back kevin theophile-catherine on a permanent deal. the 25-year-old signed for cardiff from stade rennais for # 2.1 million but has been on loan with st etienne this season. he has two years left on contract at cardiff. st etienne defender kevin theophile-catherine shields the ball from psg forward zlatan ibrahimovic. st etienne , meanwhile , will not take up an option to sign norwich striker ricky van wolfswinkel on a permanent deal. the dutchman scored only one goal following his # 8.5 million move to norwich from sporting lisbon and has scored six times this season for st etienne in 31 appearances.
kelly kreth , 44 , told dailymail.com that after having a traumatic encounter with a sociopath in her own life she became inspired to learn about the inner workings of a criminal mind. six years and 600 prison letters later , kreth says she 's learned that a sociopath is a person ` who wants to feel like the smartest person in the room. ' her own trauma : kelly kreth told dailymail.com that after having a traumatic encounter with a sociopath in her own life she became inspired to learn about the inner workings of a criminal mind. conceptual prison : in order to make initial contact with the prisoners , kreth sent a postcard that had an image of her in a striped dress along with a note saying she thinks everyone lives in a type of prison.
a man has spent a year losing 70lbs so he could donate his kidney to his wife. pj spraggins was delighted when he discovered he was a perfect match for wife tracy , who was told her life-long battle with lupus would kill her if she did n't get a transplant. the waiting list is seven years long. but the next day the couple from birmingham , alabama , were dealt a blow : his blood pressure was too high to perform the operation. in february , they went under the knife together. scroll down for video. transformation : pj and tracy spraggins -lrb- pictured , left , in 2006 , and right in 2015 -rrb- together lost 145lbs in one year so he could donate his kidney to her.
nigel farage has abandoned hopes of winning dozens of seats at the general election and is now targeting just ten , it can be revealed. ukip , which will today unveil its manifesto , has reduced the number of constituencies where it is concentrating resources as it loses ground in the polls. nigel farage has abandoned hopes of winning dozens of seats at the general election and is now targeting just ten. great grimsby , lincs -lrb- labour 714 -rrb-. after ukip won the rochester and strood by-election last november and gained its second mp , mr farage said the party could go on to win ` dozens of seats ' in the election.
tomas berdych advanced to the semi-finals of the monte carlo masters for the third time on friday after opponent milos raonic retired with a foot injury. raonic called a trainer after dropping serve for the second time to trail 5-2 in the first. tomas berdych advanced to the semi-finals of the monte carlo masters following milos raonic 's injury. raonic had to retire from his quarter-final showdown with berdych due to a troublesome foot injury. berdych , who has yet to lose a set this week , will face either grigor dimitrov or gael monfils in the semi-finals of the clay-court masters tournament.
siobhan-marie o'connor won gold in the 200 metres individual medley at the british championships to ensure qualification for the world championships this summer. o'connor 's time of two minutes 09:51 seconds was the fastest recorded in the world this year and came comfortably inside the world championships qualification mark of 2:10:20. hannah miley took the silver medal with a time of 2:11:65 and aimee willmott claimed bronze in 2:13:30. o'connor , who is the reigning commonwealth champion , was short of her 2:08.21 personal best - a british record - but said making the team for russia was her main focus.
alastair campbell famously said the blair government ` did n't do god '. but david cameron and wife samantha have made a colourful visit to a sikh temple as part of a general election tour. the prime minister , wearing a traditional orange patka , and mrs cameron , in a blue headscarf , chatted and posed for selfies at the gravesend gurdwara in kent earlier today. scroll down for video. the prime minister and his wife joined worshippers at the gravesend gurdwara in kent today in traditional sikh dress. they briefly joined thousands of people in a parade carrying the sikh holy book to the temple before mr cameron gave a speech.
meat and fish are plentiful and , because the soil is very fertile , the vegetables , fruit and salads are the glossiest you 'll ever see. grenada 's seasons are similar to our own , which means cauliflower , broccoli and pumpkins in spring. exotic fruit - mangoes , star fruit , passion fruit , melon and skin-up , which is like a lychee -- are the stars of the summer. sumptuous sands : grenada is home to splendid beaches - such as the glorious arc of grand anse. i am staying in the southwest of the island at mount cinnamon on grand anse beach , near the charming town of st george.
police are using tiny plastic lego figures in a campaign to warn people about the rising tide of housebreakings in scotland. officers from police scotland 's edinburgh division -- which has seen break-ins soar by nearly 40 per cent -- posted pictures of the lego models on their facebook page as part of a move to raise awareness of crime. hands up : plastic lego figures are being used by police as part of a quirky campaign to warn people about the dangers of housebreaking. but the move received a backlash , with victims branding it as ' a joke ' the police internet posting showed scenes of lego criminals attempting to break into people 's homes before being arrested by officers -- and were accompanied by a scots dialect poem giving advice.
manny pacquiao took time out of his busy schedule to hang out with saved by the bell actor mario lopez , otherwise known as ac slater , and nba superstar jeremy lin. pacquiao said of meeting los angeles lakers guard lin : ` thank you @jlin7 for coming to show your support. ' the filipino appears to be in fine fettle ahead of his highly-anticipated showdown against floyd mayweather with pacquiao taking to social media to show off his ripped physique. manny pacquiao poses for a picture with nba superstar jeremy lin and saved by the bell actor mario lopez. pacquiao took to instagram to show off his ripped torso ahead of his fight against floyd mayweather.
truck drivers in victoria are dealing drugs from the behind the wheel of 60-tonne rigs , using secretive codes over their radio systems. in a report issued to the herald sun , victoria police revealed that there is a distribution network of speed , ice and marijuana operating in the trucking industry and one in every 12 truckies tested positive for drugs while out on the road. scroll down for video. a new report has shown that truck drivers in victoria are dealing drugs from the behind the wheel of 60-tonne rigs , using secretive codes over their radio systems. ` yes , some people take speed and ice but there is always going to be rampant drug use if truckers are required to work these long hours , ' the truck driver said.
police were making their final security checks outside st. mary 's hospital in paddington today , as the birth of the duke and duchess of cambridge 's second child approaches. with kate 's due date is just over three days away , officers were out in force , pulling lamp posts apart as they scoured the area for anything troubling. scroll down for video. ready to go : john loughrey takes a nap on his makeshift bed outside the lindo wing in paddington. patriotic : royal fan terry hut takes a break on mr loughrey 's bench. leading the pack was a familiar face , that of self-confessed royal ` superfan ' john loughery , 60 , who camped out overnight ahead of the 2011 royal wedding and was the only member of the public to attend every day of the inquest into the death of princess diana in 2008.
atletico madrid supporters have stopped fretting about departures because they have good reason to be confident in the people that run the club and their ability to find adequate replacements. in goal sergio asenjo became david de gea , became thibaut courtois , who looks to have become jan oblak. playmaker diego ribas became arda turan. while centre-forward diego forlan became sergio aguero , became radamel falcao , became diego costa who has now become that bloodied battering-ram mario mandzukic. atletico madrid know how to replace stars , from david de gea -lrb- left to right -rrb- , to thibaut courtois , to jan oblak.
holocaust survivors have gathered at the site of the former bergen-belsen concentration camp to commemorate the anniversary of its liberation. more than 72,000 camp inmates and prisoners of war died at the nazi camp including diarist anne frank and her older sister margot. british soldiers liberated the camp on april 15 , 1945. today , seventy years on , hundreds of people sobbed as they laid flowers and flags as memorials. scroll down for video. it was held to mark the 70th anniversary of the liberation of the bergen-belsen concentration camp in northern germany. officials also attended the ceremony including joachim gauck , the german president , who said the british soldiers were ` ambassadors of a democratic culture who were not looking for revenge '.
frances bean cobain has admitted she 's not a big fan of her dad 's music in a candid new interview. speaking to rolling stone magazine about her documentary kurt cobain : montage of heck , the frontman 's daughter revealed she 's not really into nirvana. ' scroll down for video. nevermind : frances bean cobain , pictured here in september , has revealed she is n't a huge fan of her late father kurt 's music. saint laurent babies 40 suede boots. she 's the daughter of the once ultimate rock power couple , courtney love and kurt cobain , so it 's no surprise that frances bean cobain has evolved into a rock chick with very expensive taste.
an impoverished father has revealed that he plans to sell his own kidney to fund life-saving treatment for his three morbidly-obese children. sisters yogita rameshbhai nandwana , five , and anisha , three , and their 18-month-old brother harsh , are among the world 's heaviest young children. weighing 5st 5lbs -lrb- 34kg -rrb- , 7st 8lbs -lrb- 48kg -rrb- and 2st 5lbs -lrb- 15kg -rrb- respectively , the food they eat in a week is enough to feed two families in a month. we 're terrified they will die. ' scroll down for video. obese : -lrb- from left -rrb- yogita , five , harsh , 18 months , and anisha , three , weigh 5st 5lbs -lrb- 34kg -rrb- , 2st 5lbs -lrb- 15kg -rrb- and 7st 8lbs -lrb- 48kg -rrb- respectively.
a couple who married in their teens and suffer from cystic fibrosis are in a race against time as the young wife waits for a life-saving lung transplant. katie prager , 24 , was diagnosed with an infection in her lungs in september 2009 and is desperately in need of a transplant as doctors predicted she would not live a year without new lungs. her insurance company , kentucky medicaid , will not pay for the out-of-state treatment she needs at the university of pittsburgh medical center , he says. ' scroll down for video. katie and dalton prager -lrb- above -rrb- , who suffer from cystic fibrosis , followed their hearts and married as teens in 2011.
but now well-heeled handbag lovers are paying as much as # 200 to give their over-loved bags the equivalent of a spa treatment at a luxury new handbag clinic in chelsea. the unusual boutique has opened on a fashionable west london high street to cater to the needs of well-heeled clientele who want to restore their bags to their former glory. scroll down for video. handbag lovers are paying as much as # 200 to give their over-loved bags the equivalent of a spa treatment at a luxury new handbag clinic in chelsea. the handbag clinic has opened in chelsea -lrb- pictured -rrb- to cater to the needs of well-heeled clientele who want to restore their bags to their former glory.
kenny jackett 's team moved into sixth place in the championship with a fourth successive victory after david edwards , the substitute , headed home two minutes from the end of an unpredictable and thrilling game. pre-match results had offered wolves a prospective route into the play-off zone , with brentford and ipswich town dropping points unexpectedly , and kenny jackett reflected the burgeoning confidence within molineux by naming an unchanged starting line-up from the side that prevailed 2-1 at nottingham forest on friday for a third successive victory. wolves substitute david edwards races away in celebration after scoring a late winner.
barcelona ace neymar scored twice as barcelona cruised past ligue 1 giants paris saint-germain at the nou camp. the brazilian was on hand to embarrass fellow countryman david luiz as the former chelsea defender endured a horrendous evening in spain. rik sharma sorted the best from the rest during the champions league clash at the nou camp ... barcelona. marc-andre ter stegen 6.5 : called into action for the first time by zlatan ibrahimovic in the second half and dealt with the swede 's powerful drive well , before fielding an ezequiel lavezzi strike too. dani alves 7.5 : wound back the years to give everyone a reminder of why he was considered the best right-back in the world.
parenting blogger emily-jane clark , who runs the popular site how to survive a sleep thief , which she describes as ` an antithesis to baby advice ' , has compiled a list of the ways that visitors can avoid annoying a new mother. 1. ` besides , all she cares about right now is milky breasts. non-alcoholic ` champagne '. ' mothers are often on the brink of exhaustion when looking after a newborn -lrb- picture posed by model -rrb-. 3. emily-jane says : ` you may think you have clean hands until you meet the first time mother of a newborn.
a mysterious easter bunny has delivered chocolate eggs to every house in a village of 3,000 people. residents from alderholt , dorset , woke to discover a chocolate egg on their doorsteps. local residents in alderholt , dorset , pictured , awoke on sunday to find an easter egg on every doorstep. ` it looks like everyone was left an egg.
researchers from london and edinburgh are developing a computer that can collate meteorological information and then produce forecasts as if they were written by a human. useing a process known as ` natural language generation ' -lrb- nlg -rrb- , it has the potential to one day be used in humanoid robots on our tv screens. the days of weather presenters -lrb- stock image -rrb- could be numbered. researchers from london and edinburgh have developed a computer that can collate meterological information and then produce forecasts as if they were written by a human. it uses a process known as ` natural language generation ' -lrb- nlg -rrb-.
but panasonic has developed a lighter , smaller and more powerful alternative that can blow out seven times more air than it sucks in. the sokaze-ki q uses fluid dynamics to take air in at the rear of the 10-inch -lrb- 25cm -rrb- device , move it through specially designed channels before blasting it from the front via a turbofan. panasonic japan , which designed the device , said that once the turbofan has moved the air flow to the front of the device , a ` high-pressure jet airflow ' creates straight , direct blasts of air. alternatively , the q has a ' 1/f fluctuation ' function that reduces the force of the air flow , and sends ` natural wind ' that mimics outside breeze.
veteran cbs news ` face the nation ' moderator bob schieffer announced tuesday at the texas journalism school named for him that he 'll be retiring this summer. schieffer was speaking to students at an annual symposium that bears his name at texas christian university 's schieffer school of journalism in fort worth , his alma mater. ` it 's been a great adventure , ' schieffer said at the college. ' bob schieffer opens the schieffer symposium on the news at tcu on wednesday , april 8 , 2015 , in fort worth , texas. cbs says veteran newsman schieffer is retiring this year.
swimming pools , jewelry and lingerie stores , psychics , movie theatre , nail salons , massage parlors , bars and theme parks will also be forbidden territory for the first time , if republican gov. sam brownback signs a bill that hit his desk last week. the proposal would also give the force of state law to some of brownback 's policies , including one that requires ` temporary cash assistance ' recipients to hold down jobs , look for work or enroll in job training programs. no benefits : a pending kansas law would make it illegal for welfare recipients to spend their government-supplied stipends at strip clubs , among a laundry list of other places.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- remains of up to nearly 400 unaccounted for service members tied to the uss oklahoma at pearl harbor will be exhumed this year , the defense department announced tuesday. the hope is that most of the battleship 's sailors and marines can be identified. `` while not all families will receive an individual identification , we will strive to provide resolution to as many families as possible. '' the uss oklahoma sank when it was hit by torpedoes on december 7 , 1941 , during the japanese attack on pearl harbor. a total of 429 sailors and marines on the ship were killed.
the naked bodies of a young couple were found stuffed in boxes in india after becoming victims of a suspected honour killing. police said the man 's legs had been chopped off and put inside the trunk , while his partner was found wearing a set of glass bangles traditionally worn by newlywed women. macabre : the naked bodies of a young couple are found stuffed in boxes in a northern indian state , the suspected victims of an honour killing. they are yet to be identified , ' the chief investigating officer , praveen kumar , told afp. india has witnessed honour killings - where couples are targeted because their families or communities disapprove of their relationships - for centuries , especially in rural areas.
more often than not the process will leave you with fragments of shell in your fingers , on the kitchen counter and sometimes even in your food. but one canny youtube user , micahmedia , has uploaded a video demonstrating the simplest and swiftest way to peel a hardboiled egg - using a glass of water. scroll down for video. the hard-boiled egg is placed in a glass -lrb- left -rrb- before it is filled quarter of the way with tap water -lrb- right -rrb-. he keeps the glass in the sink so that the water does n't spill. after approximately ten seconds of shaking , the youtuber lifts his hand to show the egg , which now has a cracked shell.
a new study has found that acetaminophen , the main ingredient in tylenol , most forms of midol and more than 600 other medicines , reduces not only pain but pleasure , as well. the authors of the study , which was published this week in psychological science , say that it was already known that acetaminophen blunted psychological pain. '' the researchers tested their thesis by showing 82 college students 40 photographs -- some of highly pleasant images , such as children with kittens , and some of highly unpleasant images , such as children who were malnourished. half of the participants in the study were given `` an acute dose '' of acetaminophen -- 1,000 milligrams -- and the other half were given a placebo with the same appearance.
scroll down for video. dream job : rhiannon taylor travels the world reviewing beds , pools and room service. the melbourne-based photographer also works with companies who sell travel products , such as luggage and swimwear , allowing her to generate further income from featuring them on her site. ` i 'd record what hotel in miami had the best pie to order on room service at midnight , which hotel in la had the best pool or where the best beds are in hong kong. luxury life ! the photographer documents her findings on her in bed with reviewing site.
daley blind has hailed a pre-match team talk from skipper wayne rooney about ending their run of four successive losses against city with giving the united players an extra edge on sunday. ` wayne rooney mentioned that in the dressing room before the game to all the players and it is something that you have in mind when you go on to the pitch. daley blind played his part in manchester united 's 4-2 derby win over city on sunday. wayne rooney 's team talk inspired united to end a run of four defeats by their local rivals. ' the holland international also warned that manchester united need to focus on the end of this season rather than thinking about challenging for the title next year.
us authorities suspected that a british man accused this week of causing the 2010 ` flash crash ' was making illicit trades back in 2009 it 's been revealed , with experts expressing shock that it took six years for charges to be brought. navinder singh sarao , 36 , is accused of making # 26million from illegal trades over five years and an investigation team involving six agencies in the us and britain want him put on trial in new york. us authorities suspected that british man navinder singh sarao -lrb- circled -rrb- accused this week of causing the 2010 ` flash crash ' was making illicit trades back in 2009.
the case of a british woman allegedly murdered by her pastor husband in ghana took an astonishing twist last week when a court was told that she died of a heroin overdose. hotel staff found the body of pregnant charmain speirs face-down in a bath where it is believed she had been lying for four days. her husband eric isaiah adusah -- a self-proclaimed prophet and evangelical preacher -- has been charged with her murder. pastor eric isaiah adusah has been charged with the murder of his pregnant wife , charmaine spears. local news reports said an autopsy showed the mother of one died of ` opiate heroin overdose '.
the rev. robert h. schuller , the southern california televangelist and author who beamed his upbeat messages on faith and redemption to millions from his landmark crystal cathedral only to see his empire crumble in his waning years , has died. schuller died early thursday at a care facility in artesia , daughter carol schuller milner said. in 2013 , he was diagnosed with a tumor in his esophagus that had spread to his lymph nodes and began treatment. once a charismatic and well-known presence on the televangelist circuit , schuller faded from view in recent years after watching his church collapse amid a disastrous leadership transition and sharp declines in viewership and donations that ultimately forced the ministry to file for bankruptcy.
the cyclone strength winds currently battering the nsw coast are being caused by an intense low-pressure system known as an east coast low. the stormy weather system , formed in the tasman sea , has n't hit nsw this strong since 2007 and is expected to be one of the longest lasting ever. east coast lows are particularly common in june and tend to be more frequent in autumn and winter. they can also dump hundreds of millimetres of rain , causing flash flooding and riverine flooding. climate specialist don white from weatherwatch told daily mail australia : ` it forms occasionally , usually once a year.
louis van gaal has won a battle to install floodlights at the club 's carrington training ground. the meticulous manchester united boss was stunned to find that players could not train after dark at the swish complex on the outskirts of the city when he arrived last summer. sportsmail understands van gaal is very keen to replicate match conditions during sessions. manchester united manager louis van gaal looks on during a training session alongside wayne rooney. an aerial view of manchester united 's swish carrington training base without its floodlights. the manchester united boss was stunned to find players could not train after dark at the swish complex.
but until now the only way to enjoy a tipple with that gorgeous authentic taste that can only develop through spending years in a special wooden cask has been to pay through the nose. the second i see the word ` spicy ' on a bottle label -lrb- which suggests an oaky flavouring -rrb- , i instantly know the price will be much higher. a # 5 bottle has suddenly become # 12 because the wine has lingered in an oak barrel before bottling. the oak bottle promises to impart an authentic aged flavour -- a process that can take up to two years -- in just a day or two.
the manchester united star , whose birthday was in march , posted a picture of the impressive painting on his instagram , which includes images of the father and son together. blind has been a key figure for united this campaign , with his versatility seeing him play in midfield and at left back for louis van gaal. with champions league qualification close to be secured , the red devils return to europe 's elite competition is welcoming after their disappointing season last time around. despite losing to chelsea at the weekend , united dominated the game and felt they deserved at least a point at the premier league leaders - which shows the improvements they have made under van gaal.
fired : stephen hogger , pictured , was sacked after apparently falling out with senior church figures. as the congregation of st peter and st paul church filed in for the easter sunday service , thoughts naturally turned to the meaning of sacrifice. a letter handed out to the stunned churchgoers revealed the 13 choristers were quitting en masse in ` solidarity ' over the sacking of music director stephen hogger. the walkout means it will be the first time in 200 years that the church , which is famed for its timber-framed tudor buildings , will be without a choir.
europe 's oldest mcdonald 's worker has celebrated his 90th birthday with colleagues. bill dudley is still ` lovin ' it ' and has no plans to quit the fast-food joint in mold , flintshire , north wales. bill dudley , europe 's oldest mcdonald 's employee , celebrating his 90th birthday at the outlet in mold , flintshire , where he works two days a week. great grandfather and second world war veteran bill celebrates his special with fellow employees at mcdonald 's in mold. wife margaret , 71 , has nicknamed her hubby old mcdonald. bill 's special day on wednesday was marked with a cake and tickets for a weekend away.
millionaire real estate heir robert durst has pleaded not guilty to two weapons charges related to his arrest last month , further delaying his extradition to california to face murder charges. durst entered his plea during an arraignment in a new orleans court on weapons charges that accused him of possessing a firearm after a felony conviction and possessing both a firearm and an illegal drug , marijuana. unlikely to face charges in california anytime soon : robert durst , 71 , pleaded not guilty thursday to two state gun charges in louisiana in a case that would delay his extradition to la to face murder charges.
the hurt of losing back-to-back european and domestic finals last year took mark mccall 's men all of last summer and a good chunk of this season to overcome. this time they must lick their wounds and refocus their efforts on the aviva premiership after coming up short against clermont. clermont warm up in front of their supporters at stade geoffroy-guichard in saint-etienne. clermont centre wesley fofana attempts an offload following a crunching hit from marcelo bosch. saracens flanker maro itojie secures a loose ball on the deck during a tight first half of action. whereas northampton capitulated embarrassingly against the same opponents a fortnight ago , saracens stood tall on saturday.
' hibernian manager alan stubbs did not know what to make of peter houston 's recent post-match comments. however you choose to interpret everything stubbs said both on saturday * and * after reading houston 's sharp response , a lot of people will be watching their next meeting -- falkirk host hibs on the last day of the championship season , inevitably enough -- for signs of enmity. ` it 's funny the way football works , ' said the hibs manager , looking ahead to that crucial fixture on saturday week. ` everyone in the press conference room after felt we played well but listen , the facts of the matter are that we 're not in the final.
delhi -lrb- cnn -rrb- an international human rights group is calling for an independent investigation of the killings by police of 20 suspected red sandalwood smugglers in southeastern india. `` there must be a criminal investigation to determine whether the police used excessive force , and whether the killings amount to ` fake encounters , ' or staged extrajudicial executions '' , said abhirr vp , of amnesty international india. '' those responsible should be brought to justice , according to amnesty. a police official , deputy inspector general kantha rao , declined comment wednesday , saying an `` investigation is still going on.
he also has a long history of drug arrests -lrb- mugshot from april -rrb-. the stepson of a long island mother who went missing with her daughter last month has a long criminal record and was jailed again just days after she disappeared , a report suggests. george costello jr is currently in jail in florida on apparently unrelated charges and has been described by relatives as a ` mixed-up ' kid. ' iona costello , 51 , and daughter emily were visiting manhattan when they were last seen on march 30 near their home in the the wealthy seaside village of greenport.
bizarre pictures have emerged of two models posing seductively with a giant brown bear as part of an anti-hunting campaign. the photos , taken in a forest outside moscow in russia , show maria sidorova and lidia fetisova hugging and kissing the 650kg bear , named stephen. scroll down for video. bear hug : model maria sidorova is pictured kneeling on a single bed and wrapping her arms around stephen the brown bear - in a forest outside moscow. ` it is about showing a traditional friendship - just like between two human friends - but between humans and the bears in russia.
a man shot himself dead at the universal studios theme park in hollywood , california. the man , who has not been named , turned a gun on himself at the amusement park around 2:15 pm friday afternoon , not far from visiting children and families. smoking area : the man was said to have shot himself in a secluded part of the theme park , near a depiscable me-themed ride. the los angeles sheriff 's department say they arrived at the scene to find the man dead of a self-inflicted gunshot wound , according to cbs los angeles. inside : this video from social media shows guests being herded inside the despicable me ride in the aftermath of the shooting.
the 28-year-old girls star has penned an essay for seventeen magazine titled ` why i 'm on team weirdo for life ' , in which she recounted the regrettable moment when she yielded to the pressure to be a ` regular ' girl by altering her appearance. ` my best friend was my dad. ' scroll down for video. one-of-a-kind : lena dunham , pictured at the january premiere of her documentary , it 's me , hilary - the man who drew eloise , wants girls to be able to express their individuality. lena dunham has such girlish appeal here with her tanya taylor dress and whimsical polka dot bionda castana lama pumps.
hong kong -lrb- cnn -rrb- when she was growing up , mui thomas , wanted to be a fashion model -- not an unusual aspiration for a young girl. but mui suffers from a rare genetic condition that leaves the skin on her face and body red raw and open to infection. she was born with harlequin ichthyosis , which means her skin is extremely thick , dry and flaky -- resembling fish scales. she ca n't sweat but she can shed tears. on the day we speak , her appearance raises few eyebrows at her local starbucks in sai kung -- she 's a familiar and well-known presence in the waterfront hong kong town where she grew up.
retiring 20-time jump jockey ap mccoy has fired a borrowed phrase from great olympian sir steve redgrave back at those who think he might perform a u-turn and reverse his plans to walk away from the sport. the 40-year-old rider , who has two final rides at sandown on saturday , said : ` to be fair to steve redgrave , you have to put your body through physical torture to try and win a fifth gold medal in boat. ' the front cover of the racing post ahead of ap mccoy 's retirement at sandown park racecourse on saturday. retiring jockey mccoy insists he will never return to professional racing after sunday 's sandown farewell.
but that is exactly what happened when jean-honoré fragonard 's 18th-century work young woman was replaced by a hand-painted replica , produced in china and ordered over the internet for # 70. it has hung in among 270 old master paintings since february 10 after a challenge was laid down to the public to ` spot the fake '. now , three months on , the gallery has revealed that only 10 per cent of the 3,000 people who visited during the experiment guessed correctly. scroll down for video. but the gallery 's chief curator , xavier bray , said that he was impressed a number of people had managed to spot the imposter hidden among the rembrandts , rubens and murillos.
the job of parents is to make their children do the things they do not want to do , the country 's most senior family law judge said yesterday. he suggested confiscating mobiles and electronic gadgets , grounding teenagers , and ` threats falling short of brute force ' as suitable methods for parents to get their way. the price of failure , the judge suggested , could be lifelong pain for the parents or even , if the children 's education or health was at stake , their removal by social workers to grow up in state care. sir james , who is president of the family division , gave his advice in a case in which two teenage girls have refused to see their father for more than six years.
a mother whose twins were born so early they spent their first two months in intensive care has revealed she almost lost her son mason a second time after he contracted an extremely rare virus. lauren perry , 25 , had her waters break just 23 weeks into her pregnancy , and doctors feared the worst. her twins mason and chloe were delivered early via an emergency caesarean at 30 weeks. but the parents ' fears for the lives of their newborns did not end there. eight months later when mason was admitted to hospital to have his colostomy removed he nearly lost his life to a dangerous flesh-eating virus.
the world 's best road has just been announced. there are few things as thrilling as accelerating past breathtaking countryside views , and now we know where to find the most thrilling stretch of tarmac possible. the n-222 road from peso de regua to pinhao in portugal has been awarded the prestigious honour. the n-222 road from peso de regua to pinhao in portugal has been awarded best road in the world. the highway has been named the best in the world for its location , cutting through the heart of the stunning douro valley and the spectacular views it provides of the wine region below.
london -lrb- cnn -rrb- time 's running out for britons to decide who they 'll back , as polling booths prepare to open across the country in an election that could change the political landscape. the election could result in the handing of power from david cameron 's conservative government to the labour party , led by ed miliband -- or a frenzy of wrangling from leaders as they attempt to forge alliances with smaller parties. but that 's all to come when polls close late thursday evening , local time. very strict rules govern the reporting of uk elections , but until they kick in , here are some things you should know -- who are the candidates , what are the issues , who 's likely to win , why bacon sandwiches matter , what is `` ukip '' and , if the queen is n't in charge , what does she do ? the queen does n't run britain.
an eagle demonstrated its footwork after gate-crashing a football team 's training session and enjoying a solo kick-about. filmed in north vancouver , the bird - which appears to be a golden eagle , despite some speculation that it is a young bald - is captured standing over a football during its try-out before giving it a slight peck with its beak. after standing and shaking its head , the big bird then moves forwards and rolls the ball to the left with its foot. as the ball rolls away the members of the north shore football club , whose training session had been interrupted by the eagle , can be heard laughing.
for ronny deila , qualification for the champions league is not all about the money. but there are now 16million reasons for the norwegian to take celtic there by leading the team to a fourth successive title. this week uefa confirmed their ` cash cycle ' for the next three years of european competition. the last time celtic reached the champions league group stage , in 2013-14 when they faced ac milan , ajax and barcelona , they won one match and earned # 12.6 m. the same performance -- or better -- next season would see that sum rise by # 4m.
jon stewart will host his last show on august 6 after he revealed that he decided to quit because he was becoming increasing depressed watching cable news. departing host jon stewart has revealed he will present his final the daily show on august 6. my last daily show program will august 6. it comes after he revealed that he decided to call time on his 17 year reign because he was becoming increasing depressed by american politics and watching cable news. noah has been accused of antisemitism for comments made about jews in tweets dating back to 2009. but stewart urged viewers to give the south african comedian a chance , saying he was ` an incredibly thoughtful and considerate and funny and smart individual ' who would earn viewers ' respect.
garissa , kenya -lrb- cnn -rrb- first came the gunshots. then the footsteps , as al-shabaab militants followed her into her dorm room. cynthia cheroitich went into a closet , covering herself with clothes. '' -lrb- the gunmen -rrb- told them if you do n't know to read to them in the muslim word , whatever , and then you lie down , '' cheroitich told cnn. '' the 19-year-old student at kenya 's garissa university college did n't see what happened next , but she heard more than enough. unable to get to water , she hydrated by drinking body lotion.
just over a year ago , adam johnson sat in a room with journalists at the stadium of light and talked about england and the forthcoming world cup. johnson -- scorer of seven goals in as many matches for sunderland -- believed he was worthy of a recall , 21 months on from a five-minute cameo in norway 's ullevaal stadium during a euro 2012 warm-up friendly. adam johnson -lrb- right -rrb- was accompanied by his lawyer as he was charged with three counts of sexual activity with an underage girl and one of grooming. johnson , an england international , was considered a prospect for roy hodgson as recently as a year ago.
manchester city have defended price hikes after some fans saw the cost of their season tickets almost double. a number of fans in the east stand at the etihad stadium have been informed that their # 885 season cards will rocket to # 1,750. some etihad season tickets have seen their price double , despite empty seats at times this season. some fans will now have to pay over # 1,700 to watch manuel pellegrini 's side , up from just # 885. they also point out that they still have 8,000 seats below manchester united 's cheapest offering. some of the fans affected claim city , who face a fight to secure champions league football after winning last season 's premier league title , are abusing their loyalty.
crystal palace midfielder jason puncheon appeared to be struck by an object during his side 's 2-1 over manchester city. puncheon , who scored what turned out to be the winning goal for the eagles , appeared to be struck by a maoam sweet during monday night 's match at selhurst park. the 28-year-old was making his way to take a corner in front of the travelling manchester city fans when he was hit by the flying object during the second half. crystal palace midfielder jason puncheon claps in the direction of manchester city 's travelling supporters. a steward at selhurst park picks up the maoam after the sweet was aimed at puncheon.
it seems to happen after every single world cup that someone near to the top of english cricket gets the sack. whether it be duncan fletcher , david lloyd , whoever , someone always seems to pay the price for our abject failure to compete on the global one-day stage. it is high time that we looked at the entire structure of english cricket and the reasons we are incapable of producing the types of cricketer required to succeed in international one-day cricket. paul downton has left his role as managing director of england and wales cricket board. the system is broken and it desperately needs fixing if england are ever going to compete in limited-overs cricket again.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- a florida judge denied a motion by two women to join a lawsuit against prince andrew and a prominent u.s. lawyer that alleged underage sex crimes. lawyer alan dershowitz was accused of having sex with minors with help from billionaire jeffrey epstein. buckingham palace denied the allegations , which surfaced in a court filing in january. in his decision , u.s. district court judge kenneth marra denied a motion by the alleged victims -- `` jane doe 3 and jane doe 4 '' -- to join a lawsuit accusing the federal government of violating their rights by negotiating a nonprosecution agreement with epstein without consulting them.
listening to the beatles could help to enhance the enjoyment of a fish and chip supper , psychologists have found. research suggests that certain types of music can bring out specific flavours - including sweet , salty and bitter - in a range of foods. the intensity of nessun dorma , performed by luciano pavarotti , is said to be the perfect accompaniment to dark mouse or coffee. listening to the right sort of music , including the beatles -lrb- pictured -rrb- can enhance flavours in certain food and drink , researchers have found. in the ultraviolent restaurant in shanghai , fish and chips -lrb- pictured -rrb- are served up to a backdrop of the beatles.
in what was likened to a ` military operation ' a pair of cranes struggle to retrieve a ` casualty ' from a house , while fire engines , police , a medical team and other officials stand by. no traffic can get to nearby schools. this was simply what it took to remove a 22-year-old woman who weighs 55st from her home. scroll down for video. obese georgia davis , 22 , who weighs 55 stone , had to be lifted out of her home in aberdare , south wales , by a crane so emergency services could take her to hospital.
most of the time , though , the coverage was about how armenians and turks hate each other like cats and dogs , that the turks continue to deny that ethnic cleansing occurred , saying the armenians had hatched a rebellion , and that the leaders had no choice but to deport them from their homes and put them on the road that led to their deaths. even adolf hitler had brushed us aside , uttering , just before invading poland in september 1939 : `` who , after all , speaks today of the annihilation of the armenians ? '' according to the former bureau chief of the associated press in berlin , louis lochner.
so it comes as a surprise that the korean demilitarized zone -lrb- dmz -rrb- - located along the no-man 's land between the north and south - is next to a burgeoning surf spot for south korean hipsters , gangsters , ex-pats and its jet-setting adventure class. the dmz was established in 1953 as a buffer zone to separate the north from the south. surfer shannon aston , from new zealand , said he felt compelled to start photographing the area while he was living and working in south korea as a teacher. mr aston added : ` the military is ever present and must be respected and everybody does -lrb- respect it -rrb- , but korea has been divided for decades , so life just goes on.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- can you imagine paying $ 1,000 a month in rent to live in a one-car garage ? nicole , a 30-year-old woman , does n't have to imagine this scenario because it 's her everyday reality. the small and unusual living space is all that this employed , single mother can afford in her high-cost community in san mateo , california. nicole is n't alone in her struggles. cnn recently published a powerful piece called `` poor kids of silicon valley '' that documents the affordable housing challenges facing families in the bay area. another chronicles a husband and wife named rich and stacey , both of whom have jobs , who are living in a san jose homeless shelter with their two kids because they do n't have the money to go anywhere else.
the timing is surely a coincidence -- three days before her daughter is due to give birth to another royal baby , carole middleton is busy promoting her party firm 's baby-shower goodies. the mother of the duchess of cambridge emailed customers of her party pieces firm yesterday , recommending the chevron divine tablewear range for parents-to-be. ' scroll down for video. the mother of the duchess of cambridge emailed customers of her party pieces firm yesterday , re commending the chevron divine tablewear range for parents-to-be. and , in keeping with news that william and kate do not know the sex of their baby -- the fourth in line to the throne , she adds : ` it teams blue and pink together -- perfect if you do n't know what sex the baby is.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- nobel literature laureate guenter grass , best known around the world for his novel `` the tin drum , '' has died , his publisher said monday. grass died in a clinic in the city of luebeck , where he was taken over the weekend , said steidl publishing spokeswoman claudia glenewinkel. german media are reporting he died of pneumonia. grass focused in much of his work on learning from the horror of war and genocide by exploring motifs from his childhood city of danzig , which is now gdansk , poland. during the nazi era , ethnic poles and jews were persecuted and deported from the multicultural city , at a time when they faced the possibility of mass murder.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- you may know mindy kaling from fox 's cult hit comedy `` the mindy project , '' in which she plays mindy lahiri , a perky , quirky ob/gyn juggling her career and love life in new york. the show was a breakthrough for on-screen representation -- the first network sitcom created by and starring a woman of color -- and it looks likely to be renewed for the coming 2015-16 season. chokalingam had spent his college years as a `` hard-partying frat boy , '' and achieved a less than stunning 3.1 gpa. upon facing graduation and exploring his med school options , he realized that fellow indian-americans with his grades were getting turned down from the universities of his choice -- but that `` black , hispanic , and native american applicants with my grades and test scores were much more likely to gain acceptance.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- like phone booths and typewriters , record stores are a vanishing breed -- another victim of the digital age. camelot music. corporate america has largely abandoned brick-and-mortar music retailing to a scattering of independent stores , many of them in scruffy urban neighborhoods. yes , it 's harder in the spotify era to find a place to go buy physical music. but many of the remaining record stores are succeeding -- even thriving -- by catering to a passionate core of customers and collectors. on saturday , hundreds of music retailers will hold events to commemorate record store day , an annual celebration of , well , your neighborhood record store.
washington -lrb- cnn -rrb- an iranian military observation aircraft flew within 50 yards of an armed u.s. navy helicopter over the persian gulf this month , sparking concern that top iranian commanders might not be in full control of local forces , cnn has learned. the incident , which has not been publicly disclosed , troubled u.s. military officials because the unsafe maneuver could have triggered a serious incident. it also surprised u.s. commanders because in recent months iranian forces have conducted exercises and operations in the region in a professional manner , one u.s. military official told cnn. the incident took place as the u.s. and other world powers meet with iran in switzerland to negotiate a deal limiting tehran 's nuclear program.
a senior writer for the australian financial review has labelled anzacs ` racist yobs ' , while standing up for an sbs football reporter who was sacked after condemning anzac day on twitter. sbs journalist scott mcintyre was fired on sunday over his tweets which called anzac day ` the cultification of an imperialist invasion ' and accused australian diggers of committing war crimes which included ` widespread rape and theft. i also think anzacs were racist yobs and anzac day is a death cult. ' on friday , the day before anzac day , mr winestock said of the memorial : ` anzac day wish : in next 30 years there will be no wars and in 50 years no soldiers around to honour.
tokyo -lrb- cnn -rrb- a crowd gathers near the entrance of tokyo 's upscale mitsukoshi department store , which traces its roots to a kimono shop in the late 17th century. that 's because the greeter is not a human -- it 's a robot. aiko chihira is an android manufactured by toshiba , designed to look and move like a real person. toshiba says chihira has 43 motors allowing it to move , speak in sign language and even sing. the regular greeter , ayako seiryu , says she 's not worried about a robot replacing her -- even one made to resemble a real 32-year-old woman.
' in an emotional outburst during a concert bobby appeared close to tears as he referenced his daughter 's ongoing battle for her life. the former husband of whitney houston looked tired and grief stricken at times during his performance , his first public appearance since bobbi kristina fell into a coma. bobby performed a set of his old hits for 4,000 fans at the soul food festival in downtown los angeles on saturday after months staying by his daughter bobbi kristina 's side. unresponsive : on january 31 , bobbi kristina brown was found unresponsive in her bathtub. after a few other tunes , bobby needed a break from the stage to rest while his boyband performed a number.
this is the moment an 11-year-old boy became stuck in knee-deep mud and had to be rescued by a hovercraft. the child was on holiday in burnham-on-sea with his family from manchester when he walked across the mudflats on wednesday. seemingly unaware of the low tide , he quickly became stuck and had to be pulled to safety by the coastguard in its hovercraft. scroll down for video. an 11-year-old boy had to be pulled to safety after becoming stuck in knee-deep mud on in burnham-on-sea. the coastguard used a hovercraft to reach the boy , with two members of its mud rescue team enlisted to pull him out to safety.
roberto martinez has ruled darron gibson out of the rest of the season after he underwent tests on his damaged metatarsal. the everton midfielder was hurt in the 2-1 win over queens park rangers last month but martinez was hopeful that gibson would be able to play some part in the final seven matches of the campaign. it is a blow for the everton manager , whose side have staged a mini-revival in recent weeks , but he insists there is positive lining in that gibson , who missed almost all of martinez 's first campaign with cruciate ligament damage , does not require surgery.
the award-winning tech entrepreneur 's ballsy attitude helped land her an investor in very unusual circumstances for her first business job capital - a leading technology services firm that handles payroll services , migration , salary packaging and contract-management and turned over $ 40 million in its first four years. scroll down for video. seventh start-up : australian entrepreneur jo burston , 43 , achieved a turnover of $ 40 million in her first four years of business. ' 1. surround yourself with inspiration. ' 2. ' 3. 4. ` when you 're looking for investors , know your financial literacy.
millie-belle diamond , the proud owner of louis vuitton and chanel purses and pint-sized burberry jackets , has become a money-making social media celebrity after her mother schye fox started posting cute photos of her online. the mum , from warriewood , in northern sydney , originally set up an instagram account for millie-belle when she was two months old so that their family in wa and queensland could see her grow. scroll down for video. smiler : millie-belle diamond , who is 14 months old , has a staggering 115,000 instagram followers. mini-celebrity : in one photo -lrb- right -rrb- millie-belle is seen dressed in a pink tutu and top sent to her by the kardashian family clothing line kardashian kids.
a missouri mother believes her three-year-old daughter with special needs was discriminated against after finding out the child was forced to take off her thick glasses for a school portrait. abby lubiewski was born with hallerman-streiff , a rare genetic syndrome that resulted in congenital cataracts. ` she has no vision at all without her glasses , ' her mother amanda lubiewski told fox 2 now. when lubiewski received her daughter abby 's photographs , she immediately saw that her child 's smile was strained. scroll down for video. abby lubiewski 's mother amanda was outraged after finding out her three-year-old daughter with special needs was forced to take her thick glasses off for school picture day.
there was a mild tremor felt in the room when louis van gaal banged a fist on the table to reinforce his point after manchester united had lost 1-0 at stamford bridge. van gaal revealed that he had 11 disappointed faces looking up at him in the dressing room , with the sunken eyes of united 's players pleading with him to explain how they had come to be beaten. they dominated possession , completing nearly three times as many successful passes than the champions-elect and yet they were unzipped by a goal in the 38th minute from eden hazard. despite united 's defeat there were signs on saturday , what with the slick passing and their range of movement , that the battle lines have been drawn ahead of a proper title race next season.
two georgia corrections officers have resigned after a photo emerged on facebook last week depicting a badly beaten inmate with a leash around his neck flanked by his suspected tormentors. the teenage victim , cortez berry , was serving time at the burruss correctional training center in forsyth , georgia , for his role in a 2011 carjacking and robbery. the disturbing image was uploaded to facebook friday using a cellphone that had been sneaked into the jail. scroll down for video. in the disturbing photo which was uploaded to facebook on friday , cortez berry can be seen hunched down with a swollen eye in front of two shirtless young men , one who is holding the leash.
the bbc has made light of disgraced presenter jeremy clarkson 's attack on a junior producer by poking fun at the incident in a comedy programme. a new episode of mockumentary w1a , to be broadcast later this month , shows bosses holding an emergency meeting after clarkson uses the word ` tosser ' on top gear. the bbc has made light of jeremy clarkson 's attack on a junior producer by poking fun at it in a comedy show. '
jurgen klopp is to step down as borussia dortmund manager this summer. the 47-year-old german will seek a new challenge with a move to the premier league likely. klopp and dortmund chief executive hans-joachim watzke confirmed in a press conference reports that he will officially leave at the end of june after seven successful years at the club. ' jurgen klopp confirmed in a press conference he is to leave borussia dortmund this summer. an emotional klopp said he believed dortmund needed a change of manager. klopp will officially cease to be dortmund manager on june 30. klopp has enjoyed seven largely successful years in charge at the westfalenstadion.
a 77-year-old woman was left partially blind after a lightning bolt struck her as she sat in her car. rather , her hairdresser noticed several days later that she had suffered minor burns on her scalp. later that day the pensioner noticed her eye sight was blurred - she could barely see with her right eye. a few days later , she visited the opticians and was referred to see opthalmologist mohit gupta , who works at pilgrim hospital in boston , england. the 77-year-old woman was struck by lightning while she sat in her car. days later , after her vision became blurred , a scan of her retina revealed she had a hole in her retina.
these are the horrific final moments of a 44-year-old suspect who was apparently accidentally shot dead by a 73-year-old reserve deputy last week after he fired his handgun instead of his taser. in the footage , released by police , deputies are filmed chasing after eric harris , first by car then on foot , in tulsa , oklahoma , on april 2 after he fled during a sting operation in a nearby parking lot. robert bates then yells , ` taser ! taser ! ' - but takes out his service weapon and pulls the trigger. after firing one round into harris , the former full-time officer drops his gun from the recoil and says in shock : ` oh , i shot him ! i 'm sorry.
forget learning abcs. however , as he was still wobbly on his legs he was lifted low to the ground. perfect balance : as he whizzes up and down , the infant manages to keep his legs and body upright. when his balance started to improve , noah mastered the stunt hands-free. but now , more than a year on , it appears he could be getting a little too heavy for his father to lift in the palm of his hand. noah 's parents describe him as having a ` fun ' and ` crazy ' adventurous spirit.
ashley young is finally feeling like a senior member of the manchester united squad. the 29-year-old moved to old trafford in june 2011 from aston villa , but acknowledges it took time for him to come into his own at the club. young now feels he has an important role under louis van gaal , and told manutd.com : ' i was looking around and thinking i was in the top six or seven who have been here the longest now. ashley young is finally feeling like a senior member of the manchester united squad under louis van gaal. the 29-year-old moved to old trafford in june 2011 from aston villa and feels he has a role to play at united.
this is the dramatic moment firefighters battle a 1,000-degree blaze as it rips through a $ 3.8 million mansion in new jersey. sea bright fire chief volunteer chad murphy wore a camera on his now-charred helmet as he stepped into the furnace in rumson on monday. at one point he 's seen hosing down a glass skylight with debris falling down. caught on camera : this is the dramatic moment firefighters battle a 1,000-degree blaze as it rips through a $ 3.8 million mansion in new jersey. going in : sea bright fire chief volunteer chad murphy wore a camera on his now-charred helmet as he stepped into the furnace in rumson on monday.
but within a week of moving in , her dream home turned into a nightmare thanks to an aggressive neighbour with a penchant for watching tv with the volume turned up at all hours of the day. terrified : emma jackson , 28 , was subjected to vile verbal abuse and was stalked by her neighbour. now ms jackson has been forced to move home because of mr ray but says she lives in terror of him discovering her new address. ms jackson 's ordeal began less than a week after moving into her ground floor flat , which she did despite having been warned that the previous occupants also had trouble with mr ray.
all babies cry. crystal mcnaughton from long beach , california , filmed the moment her newborn son paul started welling up to a rousing song from glee. as the lea michele version of the track o holy night plays , footage shows a look of sadness spreading across the tiny infant 's face. there , there : crystal mcnaughton from long beach , california , filmed the moment her newborn son paul started welling up to a rousing song from glee. when the chorus builds , tears appear in paul 's eyes and his lips start quivering. emotion quickly gets the better of little paul , and he repeats the same tearing-up routine.
lauren crawley was given a new platinum implant. facial palsy , or weakness of the facial muscles , can stop the patient 's eyelids closing properly. lauren crawley , 54 , a housewife from kings langley , hertfordshire , was given a new platinum implant that makes it easier to blink again , as she tells thea jourdan. after a year , it was clear the nerve would never work again so i was referred to raman malhotra , a plastic surgeon at the facial palsy clinic at the queen victoria hospital. apparently , surgeons used to use gold , but platinum is better because it does n't irritate the eye 's inside lining.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- as we approach april 27 when south africa marks the anniversary of the first post-apartheid elections held that day in 1994 , we are faced with yet another wave of deadly attacks against african migrants. these recurring attacks against migrants and their property might be read as one more indication of how the rainbow nation 's dream has faltered. that vision not only symbolized a multi-ethnic south africa , but one where living in dignity is shared across racial and class lines. attacks against newcomers in south africa are often reduced to attitudes of hate and resentment towards other black africans.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- how can more than 200 nigerian schoolgirls simply disappear ? and how can the nigerian government and the rest of the world have allowed this to happen ? exactly 365 days have passed since the girls were snatched from their boarding school dormitories in the dead of night in chibok , northeastern nigeria. on the ground in nigeria as part of cnn 's team covering the story , i was buoyed by this global solidarity. caught in the blinding glare of global attention , and facing a tide of questions about their bungled response to the kidnappings , the nigerian government felt the weight of accountability and was spurred to take greater action ; offers of assistance from the likes of the us , uk , france , and china were accepted.
former hewlett packard head carly fiorina is attributing the years-long drought in california to ` liberal environmentalists , ' whom she says brought on the state 's water shortage with their policies. ` it is a man-made disaster , ' she told glenn beck during a monday radio interview. ' the ` tragedy ' of california , fiorina , a maybe presidential candidate , said , is it ` has suffered from droughts for millennia , ' and still ` liberal environmentalists have prevented the building of a single new reservoir or a single new water conveyance system over decades during a period in which california 's population has doubled.
a veteran has described the hurt he felt after being disrespected by a mob of university of florida fraternity members during a charity weekend that honors wounded heroes in panama beach city. the zeta beta tau fraternity was suspended friday and charged with obscene behavior , public intoxication , theft , causing physical or other harm , and damage to property for allegedly disrespecting disabled veterans by spitting on them , shouting verbal abuse and even urinating on the american flag. ` they actually spat on me and my service dog as well , and that 's just so disrespectful and it hurts , ' wounded veteran nicholas connole , who served 18 months in afghanistan and nine months in iraq , told wjhg.
a tense , heartbreaking story , and then a surprise twist at the end. as eight of mary jane veloso 's fellow death row inmates -- mostly foreigners , like her -- were put to death by firing squad early wednesday in a wooded grove on the indonesian island of nusa kambangan , the filipina maid and mother of two was spared , at least for now. her family was returning from what they thought was their final visit to the prison on so-called `` execution island '' when a philippine tv crew flagged their bus down to tell them of the decision to postpone her execution.
at first glance , it appears to be any ordinary play-date for two young girls at primary school. in a pink-walled bedroom , decorated with posters of justin bieber , best friends zoe and eleanor settle themselves on to the bed and press play on the webcam of their computer. what they 're doing is far more pernicious -- and will be horrifying to parents everywhere. scroll down for video. in a world where girls grow up fast , should these online hot or not videos really surprise us ? half of three to six-year-olds say they worry about being fat , with a fifth of girls under 11 confessing to have even tried diets -lrb- picture posed by model -rrb-.
ed miliband has been getting a lot of praise for admitting that he ` blubbed ' while watching pride , a british film released last year. so what is it about , this heartwarming tale of british derring-do ? the battle of britain ? the falklands crisis ? the iraq war ? scroll down for video. labour leader ed miliband confessed that he ` blubbed ' during the british film pride that centres on the 1984 miners ' strike. no. it centres on the 1984 miners ' strike and the plucky underdogs are a london-based group of gays and lesbians who travel to south wales to express their solidarity with the local branch of the national union of mineworkers.
alastair cook hung his head in disbelief after wasting a golden opportunity to end his long wait for a century before the man who seems destined to succeed him as england captain showed how to do it. but the problems cook had in finding fluency in his 211-ball 76 were put into stark perspective by yet another display of the rare class and maturity that has made joe root england 's outstanding batsman. joe root celebrates his century and is 118 not out at stumps on day three of the second test against the west indies. england 's root smashes a short ball to the boundary as west indies keeper and captain denesh ramdin can only watch on.
defense attorneys released some of the training records saturday for a 73-year-old volunteer sheriff 's deputy charged with manslaughter in the fatal shooting of an unarmed suspect in oklahoma. bates ' attorneys said the 64 pages of information include records bates , of tulsa , copied and kept for himself. although there are time gaps in the documents provided , some of the records seem to indicate bates was proficient in firearms and dozens of other training courses. scroll down for videos. apology : robert bates became emotional as he apologized to the family of the man he shot dead during a botched sting operation on april 2.
whether it 's a larger-than-life skyline in one of the world 's greatest cities or an endless vista of snow-topped mountains , people are willing to travel across the globe to take in a stunning view. here are some of the places daredevil holidaymakers should visit if they are looking to take in mind-bending views. scroll down for video. brave souls can walk on a glass floor or hang over the edge of the cn tower in toronto while tethered to an overhead rail system. located in the heart of downtown toronto , the cn tower offers sweeping views of canada 's largest city and lake ontario.
a british grandmother on death row in bali for smuggling cocaine has accepted that she will be next to face the firing squad. ' the 58-year-old broke down in tears last night when she learned that her close friend -- australian drugs gang leader andrew chan -- is to be shot this week along with eight other prisoners on indonesia 's ` execution island ' , nusa kambangan. scroll down for video. lindsay sandiford , pictured , believes that she will be executed by the end of the year for smuggling drugs. sandiford , 58 , from cheltenham , who is on death row , has told friends she ` wants to get it over with ' chan 's brother michael told sandiford in a text message sent last night that the execution has been scheduled for tuesday evening.
the world 's third largest cruise liner today sailed past its sister ship as it made its way out of southampton docks on its maiden voyage. the anthem of the seas , which has 16 decks and can carry almost 5,000 passengers , towered over the explorer of the seas as it departed the hampshire dock this afternoon. as the season comes to a close , the anthem of the seas will then move to new york harbour which will become its permanent home and allow it to regularly sail from cape liberty cruise port to bermuda , the caribbean , canada and new england.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- `` it 's showtime ! '' michael keaton paid homage -- ever so slightly -- to his roles in `` beetlejuice '' and `` batman '' in his third turn hosting `` saturday night live '' this weekend. keaton acknowledged in his opening monologue that a lot has changed since he first hosted the comedy sketch show in 1982. fans who were hoping for a full-blown revival of keaton 's most memorable characters might have been a little disappointed. snl cast members taran killam and bobby moynihan begged the actor with a song to `` play '' batman and beetlejuice with them.
the west indies believe they now dominate england captain alastair cook whose nightmare start to the series saw him fail in both innings of the first test - along with opening partner jonathan trott. england finished on 116-3 to lead by 220 runs at the end of the third day in antigua with seven second-innings wickets standing. but the hosts are jubilant that struggling cook has twice fallen cheaply to the plan of bowling at him full and swinging around off stump. alastair cook failed with the bat once again on day three of the first test in antigua. asked whether the west indies feel they have got the better of cook , maiden test centurion jermaine blackwood replied : ' yes , i think so.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- over the last year more than 25,000 people , a population about the size of key west , florida , have fought ebola infections. and even for those who did not experience ebola personally , the `` most severe public health emergency seen in modern times '' showed the world its vulnerability to disease. while the intensity of the largest ebola epidemic in history has died down , and the initial dire predictions that there would be over a million infections by january never came true , dozens are still newly infected each week. the latest world health organization report confirmed a total of 30 new confirmed cases of ebola were reported in the week of april 5.
jack wilshere is reportedly on the shopping list of manchester city this summer , but the arsenal midfielder showed off his own trolley dash during his day off on monday. wilshere has been forced to miss five months of this season following ankle surgery in november , but the england midfielder is closing in on a return to full fitness. jack wilshere in action for arsenal u21s recently and his overflowing waitrose shopping trolley. and wilshere clearly loves a bowl of cereal. the standard refuel of a dozen eggs and a four-pack of baked beans provide crucial protein to strengthen the arsenal star 's muscles , while a smartly packed corn in the cob also seems to have been ticked off at the top of the trolley.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- two years ago in a less turbulent time , mike premeau and kathy danke launched a small business , memories gourmet pizza co. , in their wisconsin town. the two were successful in getting their line of frozen pizzas , including breakfast pizzas and gluten-free options , in stores across nichols , west of green bay. but all that was threatened this week when people began mistaking them for memories pizza of walkerton , indiana , which made national headlines after its owners said they would refuse to cater a same-sex wedding. people posted angry comments on memories gourmet pizza 's facebook page and called its phone number to protest.
ironing may be the marmite of household chores. british company swan , which sold its first iron in 1933 , has just released a top-of-the-range steam generator iron , for # 279.99. co.uk. it cut my ironing time by half. because all the water is in the separate 1,000 ml generator tank , the iron itself is lightweight. the steam is forced out of the generator through a hose into the iron , shooting out at 90g per minute -- twice as fast as conventional steam irons -lrb- think of the difference in power between jet-washing and using a hosepipe -rrb- -- cutting through creases quicker.
everton stars leighton baines and luke garbutt visited alder hey children 's hospital on wednesday to spread some easter cheer for the young patients and their families. the toffees duo handed out easter eggs and posed for photographs in the wards of the west derby hospital following their training session on wednesday. leighton baines -lrb- left -rrb- and luke garbutt paid a visit to alder hey children 's hospital on wednesday. despite being a liverpool fan , this youngster looked thrilled to meet the everton duo. ' garbutt and baines will now be turning their attention to everton 's premier league clash against southampton on saturday.
ahead of this weekend 's premier league action , sportsmail will be providing you with all you need to know about every fixture , with team news , provisional squads , betting odds and opta stats. here is all the information you need for swansea 's home clash with hull ... swansea city vs hull city -lrb- liberty stadium -rrb-. swansea will make a late check on ecuador winger jefferson montero before hull 's barclays premier league visit to the liberty stadium on saturday. montero suffered a muscle strain against mexico during the international break and the injury is not as serious as first feared but on-loan spurs midfielder tom carroll is definitely out after damaging ankle ligaments on england under 21 duty and might not play again this season.
yesterday , though , locals living in the tiny township of wuggubun in western australia got the surprise of their lives when prince harry turned up unannounced. the prince , who begun a month-long secondment to the australian defence force on monday , took an hour-long break at the village during a training exercise with a norforce unit. scroll down for video. striking a pose : prince harry poses with members of the local community , including mr trust. mr trust , who was speaking to abc news , described the royal visitor as ' a real delightful chap ' and revealed that harry is enjoying the outback so much , he 's contemplating a move there.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- a dress worn by vivien leigh as she played scarlett o'hara in `` gone with the wind '' has fetched $ 137,000 at an auction. the outfit , a gray two-piece ensemble , was sold at an auction in beverly hills , california , on saturday , according to heritage auctions. it was the most sought after item among roughly 150 pieces of `` gone with the wind '' memorabilia on sale in the auction. they come from the huge collection amassed by james tumblin , who used to work at universal studios. tumblin said he came across the scarlett o'hara dress in the early 1960s while doing some research at a costume company.
a 200-year-old book of poetry gifted to george iii and letters from rear admiral sir samuel hood written during the american war of independence are among a treasure trove of documents released by royal archive yesterday. the collection , which was amassed by george iii and has been under lock and key for 200 years , has been digitised and the queen was at windsor castle for the launch. treasure trove : the queen inspects a 200-year-old book of poetry presented to george iii. along with the poems , which were given to the hanoverian monarch in 1812 , was a collection of scientific instruments , many of which were considered advanced in their day.
now he 's exhibiting his ` skills ' on stage in a one-man pickpocket show , called man of steal , in which he even takes off someone 's tie without them realising. scroll down for video. the watch : james freedman removes harry mount 's timepiece without him noticing in his pickpocketing lesson. for years he 's been giving pickpocket demonstrations to teach people how not to become victims of street crime. he has also advised the metropolitan police and taught the ` art ' to actors -- showing the boy who played the artful dodger in roman polanski 's film oliver twist how to pick a pocket or two.
and the gay couple are due to become fathers for the third time in just a few weeks after controversially enlisting the help of three surrogate mothers. scroll down for video. luke harris and daryl lee , from surrey , had their first child three months ago and are now preparing to welcome their third baby into the world after enlisting the help of three surrogate mothers. pictured -lrb- from left -rrb- : pregnant surrogate becky harris , mr lee with son phoenix harris and his surrogate mother bex harris -lrb- behind -rrb- , mr harris holding daughter willow-star and her surrogate mother viktoria ellis -lrb- right -rrb-.
cristiano ronaldo did n't have too much joy with his trademark free-kicks during real madrid 's victory over neighbours atletico this week - but it did n't stop him from showing his compassionate side. in the white-hot atmosphere of the santiago bernabeu prior to wednesday night 's second-leg champions league quarter-final , when every minute of preparation is key , there was still time for ronaldo to display a small but heartfelt act of kindness. cristiano ronaldo shows his delight after real madrid finally broke the deadlock against rivals atletico. but it was a different story before the game as ronaldo expressed his concern after his shot hit a supporter.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- if you 're famous and performing the american national anthem , be prepared to become a national hero or a national disgrace. to say neil butchered the song before the las vegas outlaws arena football league game would be unkind to those in the profession. the late whitney houston set the modern standard for the national anthem at super bowl xxv. in the early stages of the gulf war in 1991 , a patriotic america saluted her performance. just six months earlier , comedian roseanne barr may have established the low-water mark. the crowd at the san diego padres game booed her rendition and president george h. w. bush called it `` disgraceful.
ultimately , bristol city were never destined to become the first football league club to win promotion this season at deepdale , even though they are inching ever closer. swindon 's win over peterborough meant steve cotterill will have to wait until tuesday to finish the job of returning to the championship , but almost as importantly they made sure preston would n't make any ground on them in the top two. bristol city striker aaron wilbraham celebrates his 63rd minute goal against preston at deepdale. preston -lrb- 3-5-2 -rrb- : johnstone ; clarke , king , wright ; humphrey -lrb- wiseman 84 -rrb- , welsh , johnson , gallagher , laird ; beckford -lrb- davies 90 -rrb- , garner -lrb- robinson 84 -rrb-.
but kai windsor started life as a girl -- and knew from the age of three that he had been born into the wrong body. ' now , at the age of ten , kai is set to undergo hormone treatment to halt puberty to stop him developing into a woman. miss windsor , from cheltenham , gloucestershire , said : ` as a toddler , kai only wanted to play ball. the number of transgender referrals to the nhs for children under 11 has quadrupled since 2009. but the single mother , who runs a health juice business , said kai had ` amazing support ' from his primary school.
of course , they did it in style , staying at the 18th-century ballyfin , at the foot of the slieve bloom mountains in the centre of the country. and now the five-star hotel has been given the highest accolade , declared the grandest hotel in ireland by conde nast traveller magazine. splendour ! ballyfin has been named by travel publication condé nast traveller as the grandest hotel in ireland. the five-star retreat boasts a luxurious pool , which can be enjoyed with privacy due to its small volume of rooms. grand retreat ! with only 20 rooms for the 614 acre estate , this 5 star luxury hotel is the perfect place for a break from the stresses of the modern world and provides discretion and privacy like few other destinations.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- the investigation into the crash of germanwings flight 9525 has not revealed evidence of the co-pilot andreas lubitz 's motive , but he suffered from suicidal tendencies at some point before his aviation career , a spokesman for the prosecutor 's office in dusseldorf , germany , said monday. investigators have not found any writings or conversations where lubitz shared his motives or confessed to any plans , prosecutor 's spokesman christoph kumpa said. however , medical records reveal that lubitz was suicidal at one time and underwent psychotherapy. kumpa emphasized there 's no evidence suggesting lubitz was suicidal or acting aggressively before the crash.
vehicles were set ablaze in one of mexico 's biggest. cities along the u.s. border , after security forces arrested a. from mcallen , texas , ground to a halt on friday afternoon after. vehicles were torched and shooting began , authorities said. three suspected assailants were killed during the confrontations and two state police. were injured , the tamaulipas state government said in a. a reynosa police spokesman said two bystanders were. scroll down for video. a truck blazes on a street of reynosa , tamaulipas state , mexico on april 17 , 2015 as gunfights erupted in broad daylight apparently in reaction to a drug cartel leader 's arrest , officials said.
a university of south carolina ex-sorority girl has been suspended after she was pictured writing that ` n ***** s ' were to blame for the campus 's poor internet connection on a whiteboard in a study room. the white female student , who has not been identified , was captured in a snapchat photo detailing several ` reasons why usc wifi blows ' on the board at the university in columbia , south carolina. her reasons included ` incompetent ' professors , ` ratchets ' , an ` overpopulated campus ' and parking. scroll down for video. suspended : this university of south carolina student has been suspended after she was pictured writing that ` n ***** s ' were to blame for the campus 's poor internet connection on a whiteboard in a study room.
luke shaw thought he had done ok as he walked off the old trafford pitch at half-time during manchester united 's fa cup tie against arsenal last month. the score was 1-1 and shaw , returning to the team for the first time since united 's defeat at swansea city in february , had kept arsenal flyer alex oxlade-chamberlain reasonably quiet. shaw was growing into that famous red shirt , getting stronger down the left flank as this fiery sixth-round tie against arsene wenger 's team wore on. luke shaw thought he had done ok against arsenal in the fa cup but he was substituted at half time.
the devastated fiance of the late ` wellness warrior ' jessica ainscough has written an emotional letter to her followers , revealing she was undergoing radiation treatment in her final weeks and ` giggling and drinking green smoothies ' in her hospital bed until the day she died. she spurned chemotherapy and radiation , choosing to fight the cancer with a controversial treatment known as gerson therapy , which involves a vegan diet and coffee enemas and does not have scientific support. but after discussions with ` oncologists , healers and specialists around the world ' , in her final weeks - the most ` difficult ' weeks of her fight - ms ainscough began a course of targeted radiation , her partner tallon pamenter has revealed.
model karlie kloss is spreading her passion for computer coding and empowering young women by teaming up with the flatiron school in new york to offer teen girls around the country scholarships to the academy 's software engineering program this summer. the 22-year-old 's kode with karlie scholarships will provide 20 girls between the ages of 13 and 18 free tuition to the same two-week coding course she took last year at the flatiron pre-college academy. ' scroll down for video. role model : karlie kloss can be seen flexing her muscles in a promotional video for her kode with karlie scholarship program , which will provide 20 young girls free tuition for a computer coding course this summer.
'' the lyrics to the famed don mclean song sold for $ 1.2 million tuesday morning at an auction held by christie 's. `` don mclean 's manuscript of ` american pie ' achieved the 3rd highest auction price for an american literary manuscript , a fitting tribute to one the foremost singer-songwriters of his generation , '' christie 's tom lecky said in a statement. mclean told rolling stone that it was time to part with the manuscript. `` i 'm going to be 70 this year , '' the singer and songwriter said in february. '' over the years , `` american pie '' has become one of the most dissected and argued-about songs in the pop music canon.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- hockey player jarret stoll of the l.a. kings was arrested friday at the swimming pool of a las vegas resort on a drug-possession charge , cnn affiliate ksnv reported , citing a police spokesman. stoll , 32 , was charged with possession of controlled substances , including cocaine and ecstasy , according to ksnv. he was released from the clark county detention center late friday on $ 5,000 bail. the kings said in a statement , `` we are aware of police reports out of clark county , nevada regarding jarret stoll. '' the canadian player is a center and has been with the kings since 2008.
freddie gray 's family had asked there be quiet on baltimore 's streets the day they laid him to rest. they became criers in the desert against countless young people flinging rocks at police , breaking windows , looting and setting fires. the peacemakers -- clergy , gray 's family and brave residents -- placed themselves in the rioters ' way. it overshadowed the message peaceful protesters delivered on prior days -- justice for gray. the 25-year-old african-american man died from spinal injuries after being arrested earlier this month. the early fits of violence came in the afternoon , about the time mourners left gray 's memorial services blocks away , rev. bryant said.
a conservative building in scotland has been sprayed with graffiti by ` nationalists ' , a tory councillor claimed. a swastika and the word ` scum ' were sprayed in white paint on the window of the offices in aberdeen last night. conservative headquarters in scotland have been sprayed with graffiti by ` nationalists ' , a tory councillor has claimed. ross thomson , a scottish conservative councillor , posted images of the graffiti on twitter just before lunch. he wrote : ` our party office has been targeted by vandals , showing the ugly face of nationalism. reports suggest labour offices around half a mile away were also targeted by vandals with a white ` q ' added to its black door.
ashley young is desperate to avoid being part of the first united team to lose five successive manchester derbies. united have more silverware in their trophy cabinet , but city have had the better of their local rivals during the last couple of years. last november 's 1-0 victory at the etihad stadium was the fourth successive derby win for city. ashley young -lrb- right -rrb- wants to avoid a fifth successive derby defeat by neighbours manchester city. ander herrera celebrates scoring as united move above city for the first time this season. united have lost the last four derbies to city :.
her youngest son has only just tied the knot with his long-term partner kim sears. however , the tennis coach , who helped propel andy , 27 , and his brother , jamie , 29 , to sporting success , has a couple of caveats -- he has to get the french open and wimbledon out of the way first. mrs murray , 55 , who has carved out her own star status after appearing on strictly come dancing last year , also said she would be a ` very active granny ' and in the same way she coached her sons , she already has plans to introduce her grandchildren to tennis.
andros townsend admitted he had devoted plenty of thought to his cheeky retaliation against paul merson. ` that tweet has been going over in my head , ' said townsend , who followed up his spectacular equaliser in italy by hitting twitter to strike back at criticism from the former arsenal and england midfielder. andros townsend scores england 's equaliser in their 1-1 friendly draw with italy in turin on tuesday night. townsend celebrates his strike with tottenham hotspur team-mates ryan mason -lrb- left -rrb- and kyle walker. in his column for skysports.com , merson wrote : ` if andros townsend can get in then it opens it up for anybody.
a sailor who vanished after heading out to sea more than two months ago has miraculously been found alive and well off the north carolina coast. louis jordan , 37 , was picked up by a german-flagged ship at 1:30 p.m. on thursday - 66 days after he took off to do some fishing. he was found sitting on the capsized hull of his sailboat , angel , which had lost its mast and was approximately 200 miles east of cape hatteras. ' a coast guard helicopter crew from north carolina flew to the ship and airlifted jordan to a hospital in norfolk , virginia , said lt. krystyn pecora , a spokeswoman for the coast guard.
there 'll be no need to queue up at the gates of buckingham palace and crane your neck to discover the sex of the new royal baby. when prince george 's brother or sister makes their entrance to the world , their arrival will be announced first on twitter according to a report in the sunday times. news of the royal delivery will then also be posted on the traditional easel behind the gates of buckingham palace , just like prince george and prince william before him - or her. scroll down for video. when prince george was born in july 2013 his birth was first announced in an emailed press release ... ... before being displayed on the traditional easel inside the gates of buckingham palace.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- aaron hernandez is known for his swagger. some court security officers who escort him are as tall and muscular as he is. jury deliberations resume wednesday. watch `` downward spiral : inside the case against aaron hernandez '' tonight at 9 p.m. et. it has n't been there as often in the last couple of weeks when state witnesses have included his fiancée shayanna jenkins and his former boss , new england patriots owner robert kraft , who testified hernandez would usually greet him with a kiss and a hug. always impeccably dressed in suit and tie brought in by his defense team , hernandez quickly scans the courtroom , usually starting with the rows of seats directly behind him.
looks like lewis hamilton has landed himself a cameo role in zoolander 2. the f1 world champion was spotted on the rome set for the comedy sequel , in a scene that looked like ben stiller 's male model was taking part in a catwalk show with owen wilson 's hansel. cameo : lewis hamilton and olivia munn film scenes in rome for zoolander 2. he donned a stylish red camouflage suit with a white shirt and sunglasses for the runway scene while olivia wore a shaggy fur coat over the shoulders of a fashion forward dress. they happily chatted and showed each other their phones as they waited for the scene to be set.
boston -lrb- cnn -rrb- adrianne haslet-davis and her husband , adam davis , were standing near the finish line on the day of the boston marathon bombing. it was the second day the boston jury heard a procession of heartbreaking loss -- the survivors and families of those killed when twin bombs planted by the pair of brothers named tsarnaev exploded near the finish line. the jury must decide whether bomber dzhokhar tsarnaev , 21 , should live or die for what he has done. haslet-davis and davis , who had just returned from a tour in afghanistan with the air force , were steps away from the explosion near the forum restaurant.
a judge has given a new york city woman permission to become the first person to legally file for divorce from her elusive husband via a facebook message. the woman 's lawyer says the ruling was made by manhattan supreme court justice matthew cooper. the daily news says victor sena blood-dzraku will be served with the divorce summons via a private facebook message. attorney andrew spinnell says the couple married in 2009 in a civil ceremony. first time : ellanora baidoo hopes to finally begin divorce proceedings with her husband by sending him facebook messages containing her petition to end their marriage.
she has been selling herself as a sex pot to push copies of her new album rebel heart. after belting out human nature to drake at coachella on sunday night , madonna pulled the 28-year-old singer back to plant a kiss on his lips , making out with him for at least three seconds. this happened : madonna french kissed drake onstage at coachella on sunday night. the eighties pop star looked confident as she went in for the bold kiss. wearing black a tank top that said big as madonna , hot pants with stockings that showed off her toned legs , and a pair of kinky boot heels , she sauntered over to drake , who was sitting in a chair.
a 31-year-old british woman has died in a freak accident when she was crushed by a falling tree in the bolivian jungle while on her dream round-the-world trip. louise shepherd had been hiking through the remote madidi national park in the north-western part of the country when a tree toppled onto her during a storm. tragedy : louise shepherd , 31 , from cobham , surrey , was hiking through a national park in north-west bolivia with her sister and a friend when a tree toppled onto her during a storm. her grief-stricken parents , peter and christine shepherd from cobham , surrey said they were left having to choose a burial plot instead of planning for her birthday.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- jodi arias was sentenced to life in prison monday for the gruesome 2008 murder of her ex-boyfriend travis alexander. maricopa county judge sherry stephens could have sentenced arias to life with the possibility of early release after 25 years , but decided the convicted killer should spend the rest of her life behind bars. before her sentence was handed down , arias expressed remorse for her actions. '' earlier , travis alexander 's sisters gave their victim impact statements. hillary alexander said she 's trying to block her brother from her life. arias , 34 , was found guilty of first-degree murder in may 2013.
graeme finlay leaving teesside crown court today. he is accused of attacking husband and wife ronald and june phillips while on board a cruise ship. after enjoying dinner , an evening show and a drink in the cruise ship 's cabaret bar , ron and june phillips headed to their cabin clutching cups of cocoa. the elderly couple were ambushed outside their room by a passenger who had earlier sat with them in the restaurant and claims that he was snubbed , a court heard yesterday. graeme finlay , 53 , says he was ` ignored ' when he joined their table and so moved to another after looking at the menu.
testosterone. by joe herbert. everything that 's unpleasant about male behaviour has been ascribed to the effects of this much maligned hormone. sexual assault and rape ? just blame testosterone. ` without our father 's testosterone , ' as he writes , ` none of us would exist. although this is the case and it 's impossible to think of ` maleness ' without testosterone , it 's also important for sexual behaviour in women. the blood of an adult woman before menopause actually contains about five times more testosterone than oestrogen , the supposedly ` female ' hormone. however , it 's as a metaphor for masculinity that testosterone is best known.
a not-for-profit group that organised seminars featuring us anti-vaccination campaigner sherri tenpenny before she had to cancel due to threats of violence has had its charity status cancelled. the australian charities and not-for-profits commission -lrb- acnc -rrb- made the announcement about get rid of sids project on wednesday. the organisation is run by well-known brisbane anti-vaccination campaigner stephanie messenger who has penned a number of children 's books , including melanie 's marvelous measles. scroll down for video. get rid of sids , which had been organising events featuring anti-vaccination campaign sherri tenpenny , has had its charity status revoked. the decision was effective from april 1 and the organisation had 60 days to lodge an appeal.
ap mccoy makes a lap of honour round the parade ring with champion jockey 's trophy at sandown. mccoy walks into parade ring to ride his final race on box office as the media assemble to get one last shot. then , when former colleagues head to uttoxeter and hexham on saturday to make an early impression on the first ap-free jockeys ' title race in two decades , mccoy will be attending the wedding of one of wife chanelle 's friends. the family duties and the exorbitant cost of a ticket means mccoy will not be heading to las vegas to watch mayweather and pacquiao.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- eyewitness video showing white north charleston police officer michael slager shooting to death an unarmed black man has exposed discrepancies in the reports of the first officers on the scene. slager has been fired and charged with murder in the death of 50-year-old walter scott. a bystander 's cell phone video , which began after an alleged struggle on the ground between slager and scott , shows the five-year police veteran shooting at scott eight times as scott runs away. scott was hit five times. the officer initially said that he used a taser on scott , who , slager said , tried to take the weapon.
sebastien pocognoli has risked the wrath of his manager tony pulis , after publicly stating his confusion at losing his place in the west brom team. the belgian defender was an important player under alan irvine but since he left the club , the left back has found his game time limited. sebastien pocognoli -lrb- centre -rrb- says he 's baffled by tony pulis ' decision to drop him from the starting 11. ` even if my -lrb- left-back rival -rrb- is injured or suspended i do n't get a chance. ' pocognoli insists that he does n't want to be one of the those players to throw a strop but may be forced to consider his long-term future.
bayern munich holding midfielder bastian schweinsteiger is doubtful for their german cup quarter-final against bayer leverkusen on wednesday after picking up an ankle injury. schweinsteiger limped off with an ankle problem in their 1-0 victory over borussia dortmund in the bundesliga on saturday but bayern said it was not too serious after early concerns for a player ravaged by injuries. ` he luckily did not suffer any serious injury on saturday but his ankle is still a bit of a problem. schweinsteiger did not train on monday. bastian schweinsteiger suffered an ankle injury during bayern munich 's weekend win over dortmund.
comcast today confirmed it has abandoned its bid to buy time warner cable for $ 45.2 billion and create a mega-size tv and internet provider. of course , we would have liked to bring our great products to new cities , but we structured this deal so that if the government did n't agree , we could walk away , ' comcast ceo brian roberts said in a statement. on wednesday night , it emerged that federal communications regulators decided that merger was n't in the public interest and threw up a regulatory roadblock that would have bogged the deal down for months and may have killed it entirely.
islamabad , pakistan -lrb- cnn -rrb- her second floor cafe on a dusty industrial road was painted with dashes of psychedelic colors. introducing others to jimi hendrix , street art , and talking politics was not supposed to get her killed. but in pakistan , free speech is dangerous , and mahmud 's exuberant exercise of it made her stick out nationwide. two gunman shot her dead at point-blank range late friday after she locked up the second floor cafe in karachi for the night , police said. mahmud died from five bullet wounds. she is in a hospital but is expected to be released on time for her daughter 's funeral.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- boston native mark wahlberg will star in a film about the boston marathon bombing and the manhunt that followed , deadline reported wednesday. wahlberg 's film , to be titled `` patriots ' day , '' is being produced by cbs films , which linked to the deadline article from its website. according to deadline , wahlberg is hoping to play boston police commissioner ed davis , who retired after the attack in 2013. the film will be told from davis ' point of view. '' wahlberg is also a producer of the film. `` patriots ' day '' is the second film related to the boston bombing to be announced.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- just eight months ago , a young woman named fatu kekula was single-handedly trying to save her ebola-stricken family , donning trash bags to protect herself against the deadly virus. today , because of a cnn story and the generosity of donors from around the world , kekula wears scrubs bearing the emblem of the emory university nell hodgson woodruff school of nursing in atlanta , where she 's learning skills she can take back home to care for her fellow liberians. `` i 'm thankful to cnn and i appreciate the people who made donations , and i 'm thankful to emory for accepting me to study.
pc ronnie lungu has won a race discrimination case against wiltshire police. a black police constable has won a race discrimination case against his force after they did not promote him due to the colour of his skin. ronnie lungu was singled out as ' a marked man ' by wiltshire police solely due to his race , the employment tribunal ruled. it also heard evidence that derogatory comments were made about mr lungu based on his colour violating his dignity. the force - which has only 16 ethnic minority officers out of a total of just over 1,000 - had denied the claims.
rory mcilroy 's official coronation will come at augusta national on sunday if he wins the masters to complete the career grand slam and consign the tiger woods era to the history books. but northern ireland 's world no 1 would be forgiven if he had grinned from ear to ear. that 's because each of mcilroy 's four major victories so far has come on courses which have been subjected to heavy rain at some point during the week. wet conditions hand mcilroy a massive advantage : his huge hitting with sky-high ball flight means he can still fly his ball miles.
the tranquility of a high-priced inner-sydney suburb has been shattered as a transport war has broken out between locals and commuters. a fed up resident of cammeray , a wealthy north shore suburb , stuck a note to the windscreen of car parked near a school they believed belonged to an outsiders. this controversial note was left on the windscreen of a car by a fed-up resident of cammeray. ` if you ca n't afford to park in the cbd do n't come here !! cammeray is not a parking lot for losers. ' dijana wolffram , a local who is friends with the woman who found the note , said the letter created a few laughs among other residents when she posted it to a community facebook page.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- spacex on tuesday launched a two-stage falcon 9 rocket carrying an uncrewed cargo spacecraft called dragon on a flight from cape canaveral , florida , to the international space station. in a difficult bid to land a rocket stage on a floating barge for the first time , the private space exploration company was unsuccessful. spacex founder elon musk tweeted : `` ascent successful. dragon enroute to space station. rocket landed on droneship , but too hard for survival. spacex tried to land a falcon 9 on the drone ship in january , but the rocket hit at an angle and exploded.
dope smokers beware : if marco rubio or chris christie manage to elbow out the competition and win the white house in 2016 , they 'll crack down on pot in states that have legalized marijuana. the republican presidential hopefuls told conservative radio host hugh hewitt in separate interviews on tuesday that they 'd enforce federal drug laws and block the sale of marijuana in colorado and washington. ` marijuana is a gateway drug , ' christie said , citing an ` enormous addiction problem in this country. marijuana is an illegal drug under federal law. ' new jersey governor chris christie , center , makes a campaign stop at rockingham county gop happy hour on tuesday in newmarket , new hampshire , with his wife mary pat , right.
described by police as the ` worst we have ever seen ' , the san francisco property was teeming with black widows , rats , feces and 300 bottles of urine when it was discovered on april 4. just a week after removing the rodents , trash , and corpse , realtors have priced this san francisco property at a cool $ 2.5 million. the 1904 victorian build in bay area will be sold at a live auction by tim hawko of zephyr real estate. still worth it ! property developers are expected to pay millions for this house which was made available last week after police evicted a 65-year-old hoarder and removed her mother 's five-year-old mummified corpse.
a flickering rainbow of colours came with the march solar storm that made the northern lights even more remarkable than usual , and italian photographer giovanna griffo was in iceland to capture them in all their glory. while giovanna takes and edits all manner of photographs , she has a particular affinity with the night sky - and not just the spectacular aurora borealis but locations in her own country too. scroll down for video. italian photographer giovanna griffo 's mesmerising images of the aurora borealis during the blue hour near hella , iceland. in march , the northern lights were even more remarkable than usual and griffo was in iceland to capture them in all their glory.
stuart dallas has come a long way since mark warburton plucked him from a glorified park and # 70-a-week. the 23-year-old , who impressed for northern ireland in the week , scored two quite stunning goals as brentford demolished fulham 4-1 on good friday. they go into monday 's game against nottingham forest eyeing more than just a play-off spot. stuart dallas celebrates the second of his two excellent goals against fulham on good friday. dallas has been a revelation this season as he helps brentford push towards the premier league. there were those who felt he was n't cut out for league one last season , but a three-month loan at northampton has turned the winger into an integral figure as brentford hunt premier league promotion.
straight after easter on planet football comes squeaky bum time , but the only squeaking at chelsea came from jose mourinho , trying to contain his mirth when told west ham had the most positive tactics in england. mourinho was having no truck with the barclays premier league 's fair play table , which lauded the hammers for their attacking style and frowned upon chelsea 's lack of respect. he was relaxed ahead of a visit from manchester united. he even offered support to manuel pellegrini , claiming the manchester city boss had been treated like a ` criminal ' after losing six of eight games.
charlie adam stunned the premier league with a goal from his own half in stoke 's clash with chelsea on saturday evening. here is a look back at some of the finest examples of the genre. charlie adam struck a stunning goal from inside his own half against chelsea at stamford bridge. thibaut courtois was left helpless also his chelsea side eventually went on to win 2-1. the midfielder would go on to be a world-renowned , generational talent - but was only an emerging figure when , on the first day of the 1996-97 season , he spotted wimbledon goalkeeper neil sullivan off his line and arced the ball perfectly over him and into the net to round off a 3-0 win.
the ss city of cairo was travelling from bombay to england in 1942 when it was torpedoed by a u-boat 480 miles south of st helena , taking 100 tons of rupees with it to the bottom of the ocean. it was long assumed that the vessel 's cargo , belonging to the uk treasury , would be lost forever such was the complexity of the task facing salvage experts. treasure trove : some of the 100 tons of rupees found buried in the ocean floor at a record depth of 17,000 ft after the cargo ship they were being transported on was sunk by a nazi submarine during world war two.
a father has been left furious after police ran over his daughter 's cat -- and then simply told the family that their pet had been ` disposed of '. harry the ginger tom was hit by a police car near tony hunt 's home. but instead of tracking down the owner and explaining what had happened , the officers involved knocked on a neighbour 's door and asked for a black bin bag. tony hunt , from normanton in derby , is demanding an apology from police after a neighbour reported his daughter 's cat harry had been hit by a patrol car and ` disposed of ' mr hunt spent two days putting up ` lost cat ' posters in his area before finding out what had happened from a local teenager.
washington -lrb- cnn -rrb- washington was rocked late thursday by shootings -- one at the gates of the u.s. census bureau 's headquarters and another in a popular area packed with restaurant patrons. the shootings were connected , authorities said. they began with what authorities believe was a domestic kidnapping incident , according to d.c. police chief cathy lanier. the suspect 's vehicle was spotted outside the census bureau , which is in suitland , maryland. that guard was then shot at least once in the upper body , said prince george 's county fire department spokesman mark brady. the guard was in extremely critical condition , according to brady.
when the queen , then aged 86 , was filmed ` jumping out of a plane ' during the opening ceremony of the london 2012 olympics , no one was more surprised than her grandson , prince william. ` but , in fact , she did such a good performance that she 's been asked to star in the next bond film. ' scroll down for video. birthday : the queen , pictured at newbury racecourse on saturday , is celebrating her 89th birthday today. while the queen 's cameo role as a bond girl came as a surprise to her grandsons , her still-sharp sense of fun did not and , as she turns 89 , it 's one that shows no sign of diminishing.
aston villa manager tim sherwood kept faith with jack grealish , the 19-year-old academy graduate , after handing him his first premier league start against queens park rangers a fortnight ago. the young midfielder did not disappoint , playing a part in christian benteke 's equaliser and then setting up fabian delph 's winner. ` the bigger the stage the better he plays , the more he relishes it , ' said sherwood who saw grealish outshine liverpool 's experienced internationals steven gerrard and jordan henderson in midfield. ' jack grealish runs at liverpool defender martin skrtel in a game where he adapted well to the big stage.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- a look at oklahoma city , 20 years later. a fly-by of pluto , 4 billion miles away. and the struggle to save the last male northern white rhino in the world. on april 19 , 1995 , the alfred r. murrah federal building in oklahoma city , oklahoma , was bombed by two disaffected young americans. one hundred sixty-eight people died in the terrorist attack , including 19 children. as the 20th anniversary of the tragedy approaches , cnn captured video of the memorial that stands on the site today. the use of marijuana as a medicinal treatment actually dates back millennia , to at least 2730 b.c. cnn 's sanjay gupta looks at the history of the herb in medicine -- including its prescription by queen victoria 's doctor.
boston -lrb- cnn -rrb- after weeks of dramatic testimony , jurors are set to begin deliberations tuesday in the trial of dzhokhar tsarnaev , who faces life in prison or the death penalty for working with his brother to explode bombs at the 2013 boston marathon. the defense and prosecution made closing arguments in the case on monday. `` the defendant brought terrorism into the backyards and main streets , '' assistant u.s. attorney aloke chakravarty said. he wanted to awake the mujahideen , the holy warriors , so he chose patriots day , marathon monday , '' a time for families to gather and watch the marathon.
an athletic boston-area high school senior collapsed and died in greece this week , becoming the third student in his school year to die within six months. quirk , who played basketball , baseball , and football at rockland high school , died a hospital in the greek capital after being taken there by ambulance , the boston globe reported. sudden death : jared quirk , right with his mother and brother , died on friday in athens , greece , while walking with friends. authorities have yet to announce a cause of death for quirk , whose unexpected passing has plunged rockland high into mourning for a third time since october.
the high-end resort , which opened in 2010 , is renowned as being one of the best in the algarve for a luxury family holiday. but despite the sun shining for around 300 days of the year here and the golden sand being warm beneath your toes , the water is cold. martinhal , which boasts a fine-dining restaurant , is the only five-star resort in the area to have direct access to a beach , and is set within 25 hectares in the protected costa vicentina natural park. but despite the sun shining for around 300 days of the year here and the golden sand being warm beneath your toes , do n't be fooled -- the sea is sharp-intake-of-breath cold.
despite the continued rumours about his future at manchester united , radamel falcao seems unperturbed. falcao has been unable to hold down a regular first-team place at old trafford , and has admitted to becoming tearful over his lack of game time. radamel falcao gets into his # 100,000 car after a meal in alderley edge with a friend on thursday. the manchester united striker will consider his old trafford future at the end of this season. falcao scored a penalty against kuwait on monday , his third goal for his country in two games. falcao has only scored four goals since signing for manchester united but found his form again with three goals in two games for his country.
millions of petrol and diesel engine cars would be banned from the road within 25 years under liberal democrat plans. only ultra low emission vehicles and electric cars would be allowed in the uk in 2040 under the proposal. normal petrol and diesel engines which make up the vast majority of all motor vehicles would be barred. scroll down for video. liberal democrat leader nick clegg takes a short break from campaigning and takes part in go ape haldon forest park near exeter today. mr clegg thanked ` go ape ' for having him this afternoon. lib dem leader nick clegg said he wanted to tackle ` dangerous levels of air pollution ' which cut average life expectancy by up to eight months.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- residents of central sanaa , the yemeni capital , have learned the hard way that key strategic bombing targets are located in their neighborhoods : detonating ordnance has been shattering their windows and doors. the saudi-led coalition smashed parts of yemen 's defense ministry central command in the capital over the weekend , senior yemeni officials said. under the rain of coalition bombs , the houthis , who are shiites in a majority sunni country , still control sanaa. but the airstrikes have hurt them and destroyed a lot of infrastructure. the electricity has gone out on 16 million yemenis living in houthi-held areas , the yemeni officials said.
a tory councillor with a history of odd behaviour was told to put down his knife and fork after being caught tucking into a roast duck dinner during a council meeting. jonny bucknell , 58 , was enjoying his meal in the council chamber when a labour rival , theo blackwell , spotted him and alerted other councillors. in 2013 he slept in his car at the tory party conference. he now says he wants a rule change so he can eat a roast dinner at council meetings. the mayor , who was chairing the meeting of camden council in north london , reminded the hungry councillor that eating was banned in the chamber.
an invitation to a white house state dinner has always been one of washington 's most sought-after tickets. there 's the elegant setting , vip guests in tuxedos and designer gowns and a four-course meal served up by america 's most famous kitchen. president barack obama has held the fewest number of state dinners since harry s. truman , who left office 62 years ago. in his first six years , obama held just seven state dinners and will hold at least two more this year : for the leaders of japan , on april 28 , and china , later in the year.
al horford and demarre carroll scored 20 points each to help the atlanta hawks match a franchise record with their 57th win , beating the brooklyn nets 131-99 on saturday night. however , the hawks lost forward paul millsap to a right shoulder injury in a collision with brooklyn 's earl clark with 1:52 left in the first half. there was no foul called on the play which left millsap sprawled on the floor. millsap did not return and finished with eight points and five assists. the hawks provided no immediate details on the injury. al horford scored 20 points as the atlanta hawks crushed the brooklyn nets on saturday night.
manning 's profile picture is a sketch done of her since she began living as a woman. chelsea manning , the us army solider who was convicted of leaking thousands of secret diplomatic cables to wikileaks , has begun tweeting from behind bars at leavenworth military prison in kansas. manning sent out 15 tweets on friday afternoon - mostly to thank her supporters , including the american civil liberties union , amnesty international and journalist glenn greenwald. she also gave a shout out to tom morello , the frontman of rage against the machine. ' manning 's lawyer told politico that she was dictating the tweets over the phone to supporters in ` close contact ' with her.
chelsea left the north london with the draw they came for , which takes them a step closer to the title. arsenal were unable to break down their opponents in an attritional game , while jose mourinho 's side rarely troubled david ospina. sportsmail 's sami mokbel gives his verdict from the emirates stadium ... arsenal. david ospina - lucky not concede a penalty after clattering into oscar - but produced a good stop to deny ramires. hector bellerin - the youngster was preferred to fit again mathieu debuchy and justified his manager 's faith. david ospina was fortunate to get away without conceding a penalty when he clattered oscar.
researchers sketching out a ` wiring diagram ' for rat brains have discovered its structure is organized like the internet. they say the animal 's cerebral cortex is ` like a mini-internet '. the first comprehensive picture of how neurons connect to one another found local networks of neurons layered like the shells in a russian nesting doll. the internet has countless local area networks that then connect with larger , regional networks and ultimately with the backbone of the internet. the brain operates in a similar way , the researchers found. ` the internet has countless local area networks that then connect with larger , regional networks and ultimately with the backbone of the internet.
borussia dortmund have offered a contract extension to mats hummels as he contemplates whether it is time to leave the club. the germany international has been on manchester united 's list of targets for some time but insists he has yet to make a decision. dortmund ceo hans-joachim watzke is optimistic about extending his stay. ` we continue to plan with him , ' zorc told german magazine kicker. ' mats hummels -lrb- centre -rrb- congratulates his team-mates after they beat hoffenheim 3-2 in the german cup. hummels -lrb- top right -rrb- watches on from the stands as dortmund reach the german cup semi-finals.
tiger woods says the par-3 contest is all about ` having fun , enjoying it and not winning '. woods played in the tournament for the first time since 2004 , and made it quite a family outing with girlfriend lindsey vonn at his side , and his children caddying for him. ' tiger woods walks with his children charlie -lrb- left -rrb- and sam -lrb- second from right -rrb- and lindsey vonn -lrb- right -rrb-. woods walks with his children as they play the annual par-3 contest , in which many golfers invite their wives , girlfriends or children to caddie.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- a transportation security administration committee concluded that full screening of airport employees nationwide would not lower the overall risk to the public , according to a report released monday. the report by the tsa 's aviation security advisory committee said that full employee screening would not `` appreciably increase the overall system-wide protection. `` therefore , risk-based , multi-layered security offers the greatest ability to mitigate risks through the application of flexible and unpredictable measures to protect commercial aviation. '' the tsa and most airports could not afford 100 % employee screening , the report said. only two major airports in the u.s. -- miami and orlando -- require employees to be screened through metal detectors , a cnn investigation found earlier this year.
an ohio man who trained with al-qaeda terrorist tried to play off his time abroad as a harmless holiday when questioned by his friends , authorities said. ' but federal prosecutors charging mohamud with supporting terrorism and making false statements say he was actually being instructed to carry out a terrorist act in the united states. scroll down for video. abdirahman sheik mohamud , 23 , faces charges for attempting to provide and providing material support to terrorists , attempting to provide and providing material support to a designated foreign terrorist organization , and making false statements to the fbi. he pleaded not guilty to the charges friday in a columbus.
spacex has released dramatic footage of its third attempt to land a rocket booster on a barge in the atlantic. the video , taken from a plane yesterday , shows the falcon 9 booster lowering itself onto the platform , before a gust of wind sways it to one side. scroll down for video. spacex has released dramatic footage of its third attempt to land a rocket booster on a drone barge in the atlantic ocean. the maneuver was attempted following the launch of the falcon 9 rocket a few minutes earlier from cape canaveral in florida. soon after the launch , billionaire spacex founder , elon musk , tweeted : ` ascent successful.
the body of andrew getty , naked from the waist down , was discovered in a bathroom at his gated , three-storey # 2.6 million villa in the hollywood hills on tuesday afternoon. the los angeles neighbourhood is home to many of tinseltown 's most powerful players , but getty 's surname was all that was needed to ensure his entry into that social set. the 47-year-old grandson of john paul getty , once the world 's richest man , andrew was an heir to the vast getty oil fortune. scroll down for video. found dead : andrew getty , the 47-year-old grandson of john paul getty once the world 's richest man , was an heir to the vast getty oil fortune.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- mercedes driver and f1 championship leader lewis hamilton stole pole position for sunday 's chinese grand prix from teammate and fierce rival nico rosberg in dramatic fashion. hamilton took first place on the front row on the last lap , beating rosberg by a slim four hundredths of a second margin. the two former friends have enjoyed , or rather endured , a heated rivalry since falling out last season and rosberg 's annoyance at hamilton 's last ditch success was obvious. the german appeared upset as he left his car and refused to shake hamilton 's hand.
it 's hard to know quite what motivated the duke of york to rescue teenage sex slaves in india at the same time he faced damning allegations that he had slept with one in america. with a remarkable initiative combining the unlikely bedfellows of fashion and compassion , it can be revealed that prince andrew has personally changed the fate of more than 100 vulnerable young women in calcutta. rescued from brothels and domestic servitude , child labour and human trafficking , the girls have been taught tailoring and silk printing through a charity called key to freedom. moved : prince andrew during his visit to an indian refuge in 2012 , which inspired him to form the charity.
sam the german shepherd was filmed at home in pennsylvania as he struggled to keep his eyes open while lying on the couch. however , he keeps repeating the same action before finally giving up and pulling a big yawn. he then sleepily rolls over and snuggles up against his owner. adding to the comedy , some smooth jazz plays away after being dubbed over the final video edit. going , going , gone : sam the german shepherd was filmed at home in pennsylvania as he struggled to keep his eyes open while sitting on the couch. ready to nap : he keeps repeating the same action before finally giving a defeated stretch and big yawn.
sportsmail 's boxing correspondent jeff powell looks ahead to saturday 's mega-fight at the mgm grand after witnessing floyd mayweather and manny pacquiao 's grand arrivals in las vegas. both boxers made public appearances on tuesday as their $ 300million showdown draws ever closer , and our man powell was there. powell reflects on the pair 's arrivals on the las vegas strip and looks forward to the rest of the week.
a new jersey school teacher took the mic at a town hall meeting tuesday to tell presumptive 2016 presidential candidate chris christie that he needs to check his attitude at the door. ' cool it : new jersey schoolteacher cheryl meyer told chris christie to cool it with the attitude at a town hall meeting tuesday. ' christie 's response seemed to please many in the audience , who clapped each chance they got to affirm christie 's no-nonsense attitude. watching the matawan town hall meeting was jim keady , who christie famously told to ` sit down and shut up ' for heckling him over the disbursement of superstorm sandy funds.
indiana has seen a ` significant increase ' in the number of cases of hiv more than two weeks into a short-term needle exchange program approved by gov. mike pence , state health officials said on friday. there are now 120 confirmed hiv cases and 10 preliminary positive cases tied to scott county , about 30 miles north of louisville , kentucky. health officials who declared an epidemic last month have said they expect the number of cases to rise as more people are tested. but the growing number could put pressure on pence to extend the 30-day needle exchange program that he approved on march 26.
one that pope francis once owned just sold for $ 30,500 , according to castells , an auction house in uruguay. the apple tablet had all the personal touches. `` his holiness francisco '' and `` vatican internet service , march 2013 '' were engraved on the back in spanish and italian. it also came with a keyboard and a certificate signed by the pope 's personal secretary. it 's not the first time a papal hand-me-down has gone for big bucks. last year , the pope donated a harley-davidson that he was given to charity. the motorcycle sold for $ 284,000 at auction , more than 10 times its normal sales price.
there was more drama than expected at a thespian awards ceremony this week , as an honoree slipped off the stage and nearly crushed musicians in the orchestra pit. harrison poe was announced as best supporting actor at the annual tommy tune awards on tuesday in houston , texas , but the high school student had a little difficulty navigating the stage. scroll down for video. caught on camera : there was more drama than expected at a thespian awards ceremony this week , as an awardee slipped off the stage and nearly crushed musicians in the orchestra pit. going , going , gone : harrison poe was announced as best supporting actor at the annual tommy tune awards on tuesday in houston , texas , but the high school student had a little difficulty navigating the stage.
he came across a range of mysterious graveyards hosting all sorts of vehicles , including a rare jaguar xk120 , which , if restored , could be worth # 82,000 , and a fleet of vehicles used by the allies in the second world war. dieter , 57 , from cologne , first came across a citroen truck that had been dumped in a bush six years ago. after witnessing how the foliage had grown in and around the man-made machine , he was hooked and began to track down other unusual resting places. covered in moss and lichen , they appear to blend in with the woods around them.
scroll down for video. features with a high spatial frequency -lrb- einstein -rrb- are only visible when you 're viewing them close up , and those with low spatial frequencies -lrb- monroe -rrb- are only visible from further away. combining pictures of the two produces a single image which changes when the viewer moves closer or farther away from the screen. this classic optical illusion was created several years ago by neuroscientists at the massachusetts institute of technology. in a recent video , asapscience highlighted the process behind the trick , which can also be seen in a still image by anyone if they move closer and then farther away from the screen.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- cigarettes have been put out across the bars of new orleans. the city known for excess of everything -- drinking , eating , dancing in the street until all hours -- went smoke-free as tuesday became wednesday at midnight. how can that be ? it turns out that the city known for its over-the-top mardi gras celebrations and incredible jazz fests -lrb- starting friday ! -rrb- did n't want its waiters and musicians to have to breathe smoke to do their jobs anymore. the new orleans city council passed its ban against smoking in most places across the city -- including bars , casinos and restaurants -- in january , and the vote was unanimous , the new orleans times-picayune reports.
emma hannigan had her breasts and ovaries removed in 2006 to reduce her risk of cancer after she was diagnosed with the faulty brca1 gene. a mother-of-two has battled cancer nine times in the last seven years , despite having her breasts and ovaries removed to try and prevent the disease. emma hannigan was told in 2005 that she carried the faulty brca1 gene , which increases a woman 's chance of getting breast cancer by 85 per cent , and ovarian cancer by 50 per cent. but despite the drastic surgery , the 42-year-old received the diagnosis she had been dreading - she had breast cancer.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- are you smarter than a really smart singapore high school student ? see if you can figure out cheryl 's birthday , the singapore logic problem that 's got the internet twisted into knots. cheryl 's birthday challenge was meant to test the better high-school students competing in the singapore and asian schools math olympiad , held april 8. here it is : cheryl has a birthday , and she does n't want to share it right away. -rrb- so she gives her friends albert and bernard a list of 10 possible birthday dates : may 15 , may 16 , may 19 , june 17 , june 18 , july 14 , july 16 , august 14 , august 15 or august 17.
are you partial to a prawn mayo sandwich , drawn by the lure of a shrimp cocktail on a menu ? once only enjoyed by the affluent , prawns are now a healthy , cheap option filling supermarkets , sandwich bars and restaurants across the world. a new study by experts at consumer reports in the us has found 60 per cent of packaged prawns tested were found to contain traces of harmful bacteria. experts in the us found the majority of the shrimp sold on supermarket shelves arrive there after starting life on vast prawn farms in south east asia.
chris ramsey believes three wins from the last five games will be enough to secure queens park rangers ' top flight status. rangers are in the drop zone of the barclays premier league with 28 points as they prepare for a london derby at home to west ham. ` if you win three games you 're probably going to stay up , ' said ramsey. queens park rangers boss chris ramsey believes his side will stay in the premier league with three wins. clint hill reacts after qpr conceded a late goal against chelsea to lose 1-0 at loftus road. ramsey spoke of his dismay at the nature of the late defeat by chelsea in their last game.
since marrying king felipe of spain in 2004 , queen letizia has continued to regularly up the style stakes. and the glamorous monarch put on a smart show on a visit to a conference in barcelona in a white trouser suit with a blush-coloured silk top and woven clutch. the mum-of-two -lrb- pictured right -rrb- stepped out in a striking white tailored suit with complementary nude accessories. the mother-of-two , who delivered an address at the event , paired a chic blazer with perfectly-cut tailored trousers , which showed off her svelte figure. she kept her accessories neutral , opting for a pair of patent nude platform heels and a purse woven from fabric of varying nude shades.
the sands are awash with thousands of blue jellyfish-like creatures known as velella velella. the small creatures are easily blown to the shores of oregon , california and washington during strong winds this time of year thanks to a blue sail on the tops of their bodies. in oregon , there are more velella velella across beaches than usual , experts say. they are covering beaches including seaside , manzanita , astoria and rockaway beach. incredible : thousands of velella velella can be seen across seaside beach in oregon after strong winds blew the jellyfish-like creatures onto the shore. experts say there are more than usual this year.
seoul , south korea -lrb- cnn -rrb- on march 20 , 2013 , a cyberattack brought chaos to several banks and media outlets in south korea. then more ominously on december 23 last year , computers at the country 's nuclear operator were breached. the source of these attacks ? north korea. and south korean investigators say they have proof -- the actual malicious codes used in the attacks. they shared this data with cnn. the 2013 attack , known as `` dark seoul , '' paralyzed an estimated 48,000 computers at a number of major banks and broadcasters , disrupting network systems and wiping their hard disks clean.
in telly terms , the fa cup has had quite - what they like to call in the trade - a ` journey ' this season. but with wembley on board for both games , i doubt the bbc and bt sport will have minded presenting their coverage from hq. however , on saturday evening , ian wright was dead sheepish about it in the bbc 's on-site studio. ` i do n't like semi finals at wembley ' , said wrighty squirming awkwardly in his seat at the prospect of it. arsenal players celebrate during the victory over reading which saw the gunners reach the fa cup final.
australian artist george gittoes says his 2015 sydney peace prize is welcome recognition that ` creativity is the opposite of war '. the jury recognised gittoes ` for his courage to witness and confront violence in the war zones of the world ' and for ` enlisting the arts to subdue aggression '. australian artist george gittoes , pictured at his studio in bundeena - south of sydney in 2007 , has just been awarded the sydney peace prize. gittoes told aap he does n't consider himself in the same league as previous winners , which include archbishop desmond tutu and academic noam chomsky but said it 's great to have an artist recognised in a peace award.
masters wednesday began on a sombre note when australian marc leishman , who got so close to victory in 2013 before finishing tied fourth behind countryman adam scott , had to withdraw. his wife audrey spent part of last week in an induced coma owing to a serious infection. marc leishman has withdrawn from this year 's competition to be with his wife. ` the time that we dedicate to the preparation and conduct of the tournament is already extensive. ' billy payne has ruled out starting a women 's masters despite talking about growing the game. after buying up all the houses on adjacent berckmans road and turning it into a patrons ' car park , masters chairman billy payne is promising a ` beautification ' project.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- their eyes reflect childhoods marked by tragedy. tomasz lazar spent hours photographing and interviewing adults who were ripped from their homes as children in the 1940s and forced to live thousands of miles away in siberia. '' soviet authorities invaded poland during world war ii and deported hundreds of thousands of poles. some were sent to prison camps in the frozen wilderness of central russia. `` some lost mothers , fathers , brothers , sisters -- killed by the soviets. '' lazar remembers hearing 84-year-old boguslaw dokurno recall his grandfather 's dying wish. dokurno 's grandfather asked his grandson to return home to poland after his death to retrieve polish soil and bring it back to his siberian gravesite.
it was a real-life fairytale -- the moment , 70 years ago , when two carefully guarded princesses were let loose to join the jubilant crowds in london celebrating the end of the second world war in europe. now the adventure has been re-created in a new film , showing the young princesses elizabeth and margaret as they wander incognito through the city streets. scroll down for video. royal role : canadian sarah gadon , left. dancing queen : sarah gadon as princess elizabeth enjoying a night out to celebrate the end of the second world war. ` it was a cinderella moment in reverse , ' says the hon margaret rhodes , 89 , first cousin to the queen and her best friend.
cuba pulled off a diplomatic coup by marshaling the support of other regional countries to insist on their attendance at the summit of the americas. and for the first time since 1962 , the u.s. has not blocked cuba 's attempt to join. cuba is trying to re-establish itself at the two-day summit in panama , arriving with more than 100 government officials , diplomats , small business people and artists. but cuba 's attempts to rebrand itself as an open , diverse society stumbled wednesday when government supporters and anti-castro supporters brawled in the streets of panama. video of the incident showed cuban government officials exchanging punches and insults with dissidents until panamanian police in riot gear broke up the melee.
a restless baby has been lulled to sleep by her father 's impression of darth vader. madison avery crotty , from san diego , is seen screaming and crying until her doting dad decides to try out his terrifying impersonation. in a new video posted online , the wriggling one-month-old seems to doze off as soon as thomas ` buddy ' starts his deep breathing technique. little madison crotty is seen crying until her doting father buddy decided to try out his impersonation. the crackling , deep-sea type sound is reminiscent of what madison might have heard in the womb just a month earlier.
daniel sturridge is well-known for showing off his dance moves , but the striker 's shapes were no match for a young liverpool fan. the reds frontman was challenged to a dance-off by kop kids presenter paisley back in february and duly obliged only to be left red-faced by the talented youngster. daniel sturridge poses with kop kids presenter paisley ahead of their dance-off in february. ` dancing is more from my childhood , ' said sturridge. the 25-year-old then revealed that he was n't a fan of pop group one direction despite posting a picture of himself with band member louis tomlinson in march.
a study claims that britons spend an average of # 62 a week on rewarding themselves , with retail therapy reaching a high at lunchtime today. treats can range from as little as a bar of chocolate or a glass of wine to designer clothes and shoes , according to research by website vouchercodes.co.uk. a study reveals that britons spend an average of # 62 a week on rewarding themselves , with retail therapy reaching a high at lunchtime today. treats can range from a bar of chocolate to a glass of wine. they are also more likely to lie about their expenditure and hide items they have purchased from their partners in a desperate quest to keep their shopping habits under wraps , a different survey last year found.
an associate dean of students at the university of virginia said wednesday a widely discredited rolling stone article caused her professional and personal harm by portraying her as insensitive and unresponsive to an alleged victim of a gang rape. dean nicole p. eramo blasted rolling stone in an open letter on wednesday over its retracted campus rape story. the magazine furthered its ` malicious and false allegations by accompanying the article with a cartoonish picture of me doctored to appear as though i was smiling and giving a `` thumbs up '' to a crying victim , ' eramo writes. the magazine retracted an article about sexual violence at u.va.
an albuquerque man opened fire at a customer he argued with at a gas station -- and then used his 13-year-old son as a getaway driver , police say. sergio barrientos-hinojosa was arrested late saturday. police say an inebriated barrientos-hinojosa had his 13-year-old son take him to buy beer at the gas station , where he got into an argument and started shooting at another customer. scroll down for video. father : police say an inebriated sergio barrientos-hinojosa had his 13-year-old son take him to buy beer at the gas station , where he got into an argument and started shooting at another customer.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- the outlines of a nuclear deal with iran are in place. indeed , the reality is that president obama is giving up enormous leverage in his nuclear deal with iran -- and i worry we will lose it for good. bleeding money , and faced with falling oil prices , supreme leader ayatollah khamenei gave his government rare permission to bargain with the `` great satan '' -- the united states. but just as u.s. and european sanctions were forcing iran to the nuclear crossroads , president obama has given tehran an easy exit. for khamenei , the `` framework '' announced last week looks like a win-win : he gets to keep his nuclear infrastructure , and in return gets billions of dollars in sanctions relief.
a birthday gift for 24-year-old man at a florida speedway ended in tragedy when he plowed the $ 220,000 lamborghini he was driving into a guardrail , killing his 36-year-old passenger. tavon watson was taking racing advice from instructor gary terry on sunday when he lost control of the italian supercar at the exotic driving experience at walt disney world in florida. father-of-one terry died at the scene while watson was rushed to celebration hospital near lake buene vista for treatment where he was later declared stable. drive : according to his linkedin terry was the operations manager at the richard petty driving experience at walt disney world.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- once hillary clinton 's official announcement went online , social media responded in a big way , with terms like `` hillary clinton , '' '' #hillary2016 , '' and yes , even '' #whyimnotvotingforhillary '' trending.
a woman from south carolina is suing harlem tattoo parlor black ink , claiming an artist there did a botch job on a chest piece that left her disfigured and in pain. the harlem tattoo parlor 's owner and artists star in their own reality show , black ink crew , which has had three seasons. scroll down for video. scarred : asabi barner , 37 -lrb- pictured -rrb- , is suing black ink tattoo parlor in harlem , new york city for a chest tattoo that left her scarred. in pain : barner said she trusted the artists , but came away with a tattoo that remains painful a year later.
ravi beefnah , 34 , parked his white audi a5 - which is covered in red lettering - outside the entrance of the dealership in chelmsford , essex , in february as a warning to other buyers. two months later and mr beefnah 's protest is still there , with the owner claiming that audi have failed to resolve his long-running complaint about the engine and fix the car. scroll down for video. mr beefnah 's car has been parked outside the audi dealership in chelmsford , essex , for two months. mr beefnah claims that audi failed to resolve his long-running complaint about the engine and fix the car.
ben grower -lrb- above -rrb- , a labour councillor , refused to deal with a constituent because they supported ukip , it has been claimed. a labour councillor refused to deal with a local resident because they supported ukip , it has been claimed. pensioner alan roberts wrote to bournemouth borough council complaining about a lack of action over fly-tipping. he signed off his email with : ` that 's why i 'll be voting ukip '. ' mr roberts said he was shocked by the ` petty ' reply. the 65-year-old said : ' i am certainly not a racist and i do not think ukip is racist.
john knott shot his terminally ill wife anne dead before turning the shotgun on himself after the couple apparently made a pact to die together. a retired managing director at the ` end of his tether ' over his wife 's alzheimer 's and plans for a traveller camp near their home shot her dead before killing himself , an inquest heard yesterday. pensioners john and elizabeth knott lived in an ` idyllic ' # 500,000 retirement cottage in the village of bosbury , near ledbury in herefordshire. he had spent months battling plans for the traveller encampment on the land -- which he feared would knock thousands off the value of his home -- and kept a file ` three inches thick ' on the planning proposals.
ronny deila is preparing for the william hill scottish cup semi-final against inverness , believing celtic themselves provide the biggest hurdle to their treble hopes. the scottish league cup winners are eight points clear of aberdeen at the top of the scottish premiership with six games remaining and strong favourites to make it four in a row. ronny deila is preparing his celtic side for sunday 's scottish cup semi-final against inverness. as they ready themselves for the trip to hampden park , celtic will be focused on treble hopes. ' deila believes treble success will help not only attract players to the club this summer , but also help keep those who are already at parkhead and perhaps thinking of moving to pastures new.
prince william , dutiful fellow that he is , has announced that he will be taking six weeks of paternity leave. ' scroll down for video. ` he may be a prince of the realm , but under it all he is a new man , bowing to convention like a willow branch in the flood , ' says quentin letts of prince william 's six weeks ' paternity leave. and so , for the next six weeks , and possibly beyond , the prince will be on domestic parade , quivering to attention at the nursery door somewhere deep inside their stately home , anmer hall , in norfolk , like a guardsman doing sentry duty outside st james 's palace.
arkansas republican gov. asa hutchinson said wednesday that he wo n't sign a religious freedom bill that his state 's legislature sent to him on tuesday , citing influence from his politically liberal son. he is sending it back to lawmakers , he told reporters , for amendments that will bring it more in line with the 1993 federal religious freedom restoration act -- which critics say better protected the rights of gays and lesbians. ` my son seth , signed the petition asking me , dad , the governor , to veto this bill , ' hutchinson said. ' seth told daily mail online that ' i love and respect my father very much , but sometimes we have political disagreements , just as many families do.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- the marriage apocalypse may be coming. their views on marriage intrigued me the most. 'cause , guess what ? they do n't care what your generation thinks -- they 'll get married if and when they want. you want to be successful. and i do n't think you need a wedding ring to prove that you love someone. i see a lot of people get married too soon or stay together and are unhappy because they are afraid to be alone. and i would rather be alone , successful and happy than in a relationship where i 'm not happy.
scroll down for video. a group of children describe their feelings in the midst of a passionate outburst , in a video featured on super soul sunday , oprah 's emmy award-winning tv series. and while mindfulness has become the latest buzzword when it comes to dealing with stress and bolstering your mental well-being for adults , it seems children are also benefiting from it. the video titled , what children can teach us about anger , is described as showing that ` you 're never too old , or too young , to discover mindfulness and let anger go. mindfulness has become the latest buzzword when it comes to dealing with stress and bolstering your mental well being.
however , one florida homeowner was shocked to find a nine foot bull shark swimming right past his back door. this incredible video captured the moment the extremely dangerous predator prowled past the property at the north end of hickory island , in bonita springs. this is the moment a nine foot long bull shark , considered among the deadliest in the world , was captured swimming past a condo back yard on hikcory island in florida. the beast can be seen just under the the water , with its distinctive pectoral fin breaking the surface. residents in bonita springs told nbc-2 that sharks began swimming up to their condos about a week ago , and have been spotted several times since.
vijaya gadde , twitter 's top lawyer , admitted it has been ` inexcusably slow ' in tackling online trolls. twitter 's top lawyer has admitted it has been ` inexcusably slow ' in tackling online trolls who make the lives of others a misery. vijaya gadde said the social network had let internet abuse go ` unchecked ' because it did not recognise the scope and scale of the problem. she made the announcement on the day a study found that 88 per cent of abusive behaviour on social media happens on twitter. anti-bullying campaigners have also long complained that twitter is a sanctuary for trolls who post hateful abuse behind the veil of anonymity.
istanbul , turkey -lrb- cnn -rrb- sitting on a sunny bench in istanbul 's gezi park , fadime gurgen dismisses the controversy surrounding the 100th anniversary friday of the massacre of armenians under the ottoman empire with a wave of her hand. ninety-one percent of turks do not believe that the events of 1915 -- when , according to armenians , 1.5 million ethnic armenians were systematically killed in the final years of the ottoman empire -- were genocide , according to a recent poll. it 's a sentiment shared by the turkish government , which denies that a genocide took place , maintaining that hundreds of thousands of turkish muslims and armenian christians died in intercommunal violence around the bloody battlefields of world war i. turkey also disputes armenia 's count of the numbers killed , putting it at 300,000.
tracey neville would say she has never lived in the shadow of her footballing brothers. at the peak of her career as an england netball player who won bronze medals at the commonwealth games and world cup , she earned just # 742 a month. tracey neville , pictured at hotel football in manchester , is phil neville 's twin and sister to gary neville. neville gives a team talk to her manchester thunder players during a match with surrey storm last year. england coach and sky sports pundit gary neville poses with his sister tracey and her friends. it might explain why it is tracey who has risen to the rank of national head coach first , taking england 's netball team to this summer 's world cup in australia while her brothers continue to combine coaching and broadcasting.
a mother-of-one has revealed how she overcame anorexia and depression by becoming a bodybuilder. kira hollis was diagnosed with borderline personality disorder three years ago after a lengthy battle with depression and body dysmorphia. she had been self-harming and experienced from aggressive outbursts - and at just 6st , she was deemed clinically underweight. scroll down for video. kira hollis weighed just 6st at the time doctors diagnosed her with borderline personality disorder -lrb- left -rrb-. now a healthy 9.5 st -lrb- right -rrb- , she reveals how bodybuilding gave her the confidence to overcome depression. the 27-year-old , from tamworth , staffordshire , was ordered by doctors to go to the gym in a bid to gain some weight.
murdered : road rage victim shahnawaz was returning home from a family function when the shocking attack occurred. at around 10.30 pm on sunday , turkman gate lived up to delhi 's reputation as a city that has lost its soul. two children , 13 and nine years old , stood wailing and begging bystanders as five local strongmen mercilessly beat their father to death over a traffic quarrel. road rage claimed another life. the police did not arrive from a chowki merely 50 metres away. when no one came to their father 's rescue , the hapless children ran to the cops , who asked them to call 100.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- duke university students and faculty members marched wednesday afternoon chanting `` we are not afraid. duke officials have asked anyone with information about the rope noose , which was found near a student center at 2 a.m. , to call campus police. at a forum held on the steps of duke chapel , close to where the noose was hung , hundreds of people gathered. this is no duke we want. the incident is one of several recent racist events to affect college students. last month a fraternity at the university of oklahoma had its charter removed after a video surfaced showing members using the n-word and referring to lynching in a chant.
officially it 's known as a ` forward three-and-a-half somersaults with one twist pike ' but unofficially it 's the ` firework ' and tom daley hopes it 's the dive that turns london bronze into rio gold. the former world champion knows he needs to push the boundaries of his sport and spent most of last year battling to master his ` demon ' dive , a dizzying combination of somersaults and twists he had hoped would prove the difference. daley spent long hours on the trampoline perfecting technique before building the dive in stages from different heights. tom daley hopes his new ` firework ' dive can help win olympic gold at the 2016 rio de janiero games.
waterloo , iowa -lrb- cnn -rrb- martin o'malley and jim webb share little in common. both democrats are toying with a presidential run , both are facing long odds in that endeavor , and both shared a stage at the polk county democrats awards dinner in des moines , iowa , on friday night. o'malley is a former mayor and maryland governor who seems most at home when he is pressing the flesh at events and introducing himself to anyone who would extend their hand. `` it is a marathon , not a sprint , '' one man told o'malley , a nod to his long odds in the 2016 democratic nomination process.
online fitness company protein world caused a twitter storm recently with its london underground poster of a genetically-blessed model in a small yellow bikini , asking : ` are you beach body ready ? ' the poster , promoting weight loss , came under fire from some feminists and body image campaigners who branded the campaign body-shaming and called for the offending images to be removed. transport for london are in the process of removing the ad , and now internet pranksters have hit back with their own version of the poster , this time featuring three curvaceous women and featuring the caption : ` yes.
all eyes will be on ap mccoy as he bids for a dream end to his career but i have a strong feeling that a horse he could have ridden is going to come back to haunt him. the 19-time champion jockey could have ridden cause of causes who , like his mount shutthefrontdoor , is owned by his boss jp mcmanus. he was second at the 2014 cheltenham festival and then landed the four-mile national hunt chase at last month 's meeting. that marks him down as a quality performer , and he is ridden by a grand national winning jockey in paul carberry -lrb- bobbyjo , 1999 -rrb- and trained by a race-winning trainer in gordon elliott -lrb- silver birch , 2007 -rrb-.
a pigeon-lover from utah has had a giant aviary in his backyard torn down following a three-year legal battle with the city council. boris majnaric , 75 , of south jordan , built the 384-sq-ft , four-room bird house in 1996 and went on to rear more than 200 birds - five times over the legal limit. over the years neighbors filed a torrent of complaints about the pigeons , detailing excess droppings and noise and last tuesday the structure was finally demolished. heartache : in this tuesday , march 31 , photo workers clean out and begin to tear down a pigeon loft in 75-year-old boris majnaric 's backyard in south jordan , utah.
a hillary clinton campaign official explained on monday why her presidential advisers have brought pre-screened partisans to some events promoted as an opportunity for the former secretary of state to meet with ` everyday americans. ` there was a bit of a thing back here when she came in , ' explained marcia dubois , a cashier at kristin 's bistro & bakery on washington street , where clinton spent a half-hour talking with customers and shaking hands. okay. ' scroll down for videos. hillary clinton met a few employees at kristin 's bakery in keene , new hampshire on monday as her presidential campaign in the granite state got underway , but some in the kitchen refused to be seen with her.
wayne rooney believes manchester united team-mate marouane fellaini has gone from old trafford scapegoat to one of the most dangerous forwards in europe. fellaini was one of the stars of united 's manchester derby demolition of neighbours city on sunday and was recently described as almost undroppable by manager louis van gaal. now rooney has revealed his admiration for the former everton forward , saying : ` he is getting used in the right way. marouane fellaini has enjoyed an upturn in fortunes in recent week at manchester united. ` he is probably the best in world football at bringing the ball down and getting us out of that pressure and further up the pitch.
characterised by their long beak and large throat poach used for catching prey and draining water , pelicans are already aesthetically peculiar looking birds. but it turns out that watching one yawn is an even stranger visual experience , as an american man discovered after coming face-to-face with one of the birds. capturing the footage in santa barbara , california , scott kaiser filmed the back of the large pelican sitting on a post overlooking the water. before it began lifting its head all the way back and opening its mouth extremely wide to show off the size difference between the two parts of its beak.
fashion-conscious militants fighting for the islamic state in syria have been dealt a blow after their commanders banned them wearing products made by nike. the sports brand features prominently on a leaflet distributed in the terror group 's de facto capital raqqa warning isis jihadis about items of clothing they are no longer allowed to wear. the news comes shortly after one militant decried the popularity of nike among isis fighters , comparing the brand 's name and famous ` tick ' logo to wearing a christian cross. banned : the sports brand features prominently -lrb- circled -rrb- on a leaflet distributed in the terror group 's de facto capital raqqa warning isis jihadis about items of clothing they are no longer allowed to wear.
struggling to drift off ? ed sheeran could be what you need , and lots of it. music streaming service spotify has analysed over 2.8 million users ' playlists labelled ` sleep ' , and sheeran 's thinking out loud features as the top song that people fall asleep to. music streaming service spotify has analysed 2.8 million ` sleep ' playlists and revealed that ed sheeran 's hit song , thinking out loud , is the top song that people fall asleep to. as well as scooping the global list 's top spot for sleep-inducing song , the brit award winner features on the list , an additional six times.
stars , buyers and fashion editors in the ` frow ' are often showered with gift bags stuffed with treats from the show sponsors. the maticevski show at mercedes-benz fashion week australia on tuesday went above and beyond to impress guests , with front row attendees given a personalised tablet. scroll down for video. sticky fingers : singer jessica mauboy was among the front row attendees at the maticevski show at mercedes-benz fashion week australia who had her gifted tablet stolen from her seat. jessica mauboy , model maddison brow , and gq editor nick smith were among those who had their lenovo tablets stolen from their seats.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- in 1944 , 16-year-old yong soo lee of taegu , korea , was lured by a friend of hers to meet with an older japanese man. there , the girls were forced into sexual slavery , serving four to five japanese soldiers every day for a year. lee suffered beatings and torture , was infected with a venereal disease , was fed paltry amounts of food , faced temperatures so cold that ice formed on her body , and was never allowed outside. lee is just one example of the over 200,000 women from korea , china , the philippines , indonesia , and other asian nations , who were kidnapped and sexually enslaved by the japanese imperial army during world war ii.
a series of billboards posted around new york city are seeking to encourage residents to consider a move east to detroit. the ads are the brainchild of a trio of people opening a new thai restaurant in the motor city who not only want exposure for their new business but also to promote detroit as an alternative for new yorkers who feel that city has got too expensive for them. a series of billboards posted around new york city - including this one in bushwick in brooklyn - are seeking to encourage residents to consider a move east to detroit. she , together with chef brad greenhill , live in detroit while a third partner , philip kafka , owns the new york-based boutique billboard company responsible for the ads.
a lithuanian talk show has accused norway of stealing their children in an attempt to tackle ` the highest rate of inbreeding in the world '. ' an introduction to the chat show argued that norway 's child protection service -lrb- barnevernet -rrb- argued that it was deliberately targeting lithuanian children which were seen as a ` sought-after commodity '. lithuanian talk show an hour with ruta -lrb- pictured -rrb- has accused norway of stealing their children in an attempt to tackle ` the highest rate of inbreeding in the world ' it stated that ` in norway , lithuanian children are taken away from their parents.
secret service agents will take a bullet for the president of the united states , but apparently they wo n't swim for him. when the public commissions with jurisdiction over the white house heard proposals for beefing up the presidential mansion 's perimiter , they were told that the government would n't be digging a moat around the building. ' ultimately saner heads prevailed : the national park service and the secret service are recommending the addition of half-inch-thick spikes , angled away from the white house , to the existing fence. scroll down for videos. a joke taken seriously : one television network mocked up what 1600 pennsylvania avenue might look like surrounded by a ditch filled with water to deter would-be intruders.
a pregnant popeyes employee in texas says that she was fired from her job at the fast food chain after being robbed and refusing to personally pay back the money that was stolen. marissa holcomb , who is five months pregnant with her fourth child , was held at up at the fried chicken chain store in channelview on march 31. a man armed with a handgun and his face concealed by a red beanie ran into the store and jumped the counter , forcing holcomb to empty the registers before making off with $ 400. scroll down for video. i 'm not paying the money ' : marissa holcomb - who is five months pregnant with her fourth child - says she was fired from popeyes after $ 400 was robbed from her till and she refused to pay it back.
a new reddit thread asking users to submit the most horrendous baby names they have ever come across has attracted more than 18,000 comments in just 24 hours , and turned up a treasure trove of bad parental judgement calls. femail has compiled the worst examples , including the names ` orgasm ' , submitted by the daughter of a midwife who has heard her fair share of horror stories , and ` mazen ' , because ` it was ` mazen ' -lrb- amazing -rrb- when the child was born. unlucky : a new reddit thread asking users to submit the most horrendous baby names they have ever come across has attracted more than 18,000 comments in just 24 hours , and femail has compiled the top 12.
jonjo o'neill hosted a media stable visit on thursday at his jackdaws castle yard in gloucestershire and said he could not be happier with favourite for the crabbie 's grand national , shutthefrontdoor. he trains shutthefrontdoor for his principal patron j p mcmanus , who owns jackdaws castle and retains ap mccoy , the record-breaking jump jockey who is about to gain his 20th consecutive jockeys ' championship and retire. jonjo o'neill hopes jockey ap mccoy rides shutthefrontdoor to grand national success later this month. i think he is a better horse on a flat track and secondly i did not want to give him a hard race at a time when he was n't as well as he is now.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- twenty years ago , on april 19 , 1995 , timothy mcveigh detonated a massive truck bomb in front of the murrah federal building in oklahoma city. the attack killed 168 men , women and children , injured hundreds more , and remains the deadliest act of domestic terrorism in u.s. history. the attack 's aftermath saw a storm of media coverage with themes such as `` attack on the heartland '' and america 's `` lost innocence. it was n't simply the scale of the tragedy that drew attention , but the fact that the bombing exposed something new : american citizens targeting their own government with a deadliness hitherto unseen.
historians have unearthed nearly 2,000 perfectly preserved examples of poignant graffiti written on the walls of a cave 100 feet beneath the french countryside by doomed first world war soldiers just weeks before they were to join the fighting on the western front. the inscriptions were found in naours - a two-hour drive north of paris - and left for posterity by young men facing the horror of trench warfare a few dozen miles away at the somme. ' scroll down for video. poignant : the names of 9th battalion australians ' g. fitzhenry of paddington , sydney and alistair ross of lismore are engraved on the walls of the former chalk quarry in naours , northern france and dated july 1916.
oscar nominee carey mulligan subsequently watched alzheimer 's disease take hold of margaret booth. now , 14 years after mrs booth , affectionately known as nans by the actress , was diagnosed , miss mulligan has revealed her anger at how dismissively dementia sufferers are treated. hollywood actress carey mulligan says more needs to be done to raise awareness of dementia. her grandmother margaret booth , who she is pictured with here on a charity walk , suffers with the illness. the 29-year-old said she watched as her grandmother , a former teacher , develop problems with her memory. mulligan , a patron of the alzheimer 's society and said her gran has n't recognised her in at least five years.
raheem sterling gave a revealing insight into his future on wednesday , insisting he was not a money-grabbing 20-year-old despite turning down a liverpool contract worth # 100,000-a-week. the england winger instead pointed to his desire to finish out the season before considering any more offers , focusing on winning trophies with his club for the time being. but how much of what sterling told bbc sport can we believe ? sportsmail 's riath al-samarrai tries his hand at interpreting. liverpool star raheem sterling gave a revealing insight into his liverpool talks with bbc sport. i talk about winning trophies throughout my career.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- here you go , galaxy. at an emotional event in anaheim , california , director j.j. abrams and the `` star wars : episode vii -- the force awakens '' cast showed off for the audience and then capped the presentation with the trailer for the new film. you 're family , '' mark hamill told the crowd. carrie fisher was also there , though without her trademark princess leia hair buns. airline unveils ` star wars ' 787 dreamliner painted like r2-d2. also introduced : `` star wars '' emoji , some new stormtroopers and the bb8 , the soccer-ball-like droid that rolled around the stage , to the delight of the audience.
fighter ace : douglas bader 's story is to be told in a hollywood film dubbed ` the first great escape ' the story of how douglas bader recovered from having both legs amputated to become one of britain 's greatest fighter aces is remarkable enough. bader -- who lost his legs in a flying accident in 1931 -- was shot down over france in august 1941 and ended up in a german prison camp in warburg. it was there that the officer , who always made light of his disability and refused to even use a stick , was involved in a mass break-out that pre-dated the break in 1944 immortalised in the great escape starring steve mcqueen and richard attenborough.
a japanese priest has vowed to crack down onto drink driving in the most cinematic way possible : dressing up as a superhero and patrolling the streets on his motorbike. but after the days work is done , he dresses up as iconic japanese sci-fi tv hero kamen rider 1 and takes to the streets to lay down the law , according to japan today. bizarre images depict kumagai riding around kitakyushu in full kamen rider gear - which makes him appear like a giant grasshopper - and the trademark cyclone motorcycle , fitted with fake jets. scroll down for video.
and now sherrell dillion has revealed she has landed herself a place in a top competition. however , the single mother-of-two , who was featured in the hit channel 4 series which saw her desperately searching for work , now says she is technically homeless. scroll down for video. sherrell dillion from benefits street has been given a place in the top model of colour competition , however , her good news is marred by the fact that she is currently homeless. sherrell starred on benefits street alongside white dee and she says she feels happiness for her co-star. sheena says she has nowhere to live following a mice infestation at her home in eva road , which is adjacent to where the show was filmed in james turner street , winson green.
a nervous lindsey vonn was back at augusta on friday to watch her beau tiger woods in his quest for a fifth masters title - and fifth green jacket. and while it was a good day woods , the golfing great still had some stressful moments and still has a way to go in catching up to leader , 21-year-old jordan spieth. scroll down for video. lindsey vonn was back at augusta friday to watch boyfriend tiger woods -lrb- above -rrb- play in the second round of the masters. woods is still well behind the leader , hot young american star jordan spieth -lrb- above -rrb-.
the sailor who claimed to have ` miraculously ' survived for 66 days at sea has responded to sceptics around the world -- saying : ` god knows i am a truthful man '. louis jordan , 37 , who was rescued 200 miles off the north carolina coast , said he survived for more than two months on his stricken boat by eating fish he caught by trailing dirty clothes in the ocean , and by catching rainwater in a bucket. scroll down for video. louis jordan , second from left , walks from the coast guard helicopter to the sentara norfolk general hospital in norfolk , virginia.
so 's bill murray , george clooney , scarlett johansson , jerry seinfeld , howard stern , tina fey , michael keaton and ray romano. on tuesday , `` the late show with david letterman '' announced some of the guests for the talk show host 's final month of broadcasts. the last `` late show '' will air wednesday , may 20. among the notables are oprah winfrey , with whom letterman has had an on-and-off faux feud for years ; clooney , who 's starring in `` tomorrowland , '' which will be released on may 22 ; and stern , who 's always an engaging letterman guest.
javier hernandez made it six goals in eight starts as real madrid kept up their pursuit of barcelona at the top of la liga with a 4-2 win over celta vigo. chicharito is currently scoring a goal every 83 minutes with a scoring ratio that is only two minutes short of lionel messi who nets once every 81 minutes. the manchester united loanee put his team in the champions league semi-finals in midweek with the winner against atletico madrid and in baliados on sunday night he scored twice to keep real in the title race. real madrid are now just two points behind league leaders barcelona.
a sign written in ancient greek and latin warning cyclists not to chain their bikes to railings in cambridge has been branded ` elitist '. the notice has been fixed outside a university building in portugal place - but the message contains grammatical errors , according to one expert. warning : a sign written in ancient greek and latin telling cyclists not to leave their bikes chained to railings has been erected outside a university building in cambridge. the sign , put up behind a building previously used by the greek orthodox church , has been branded ` elitist ' selwyn college classics lecturer dr rupert thompson said there were inaccuracies in the greek warning with one word having the opposite meaning to that intended.
oldham athletic have signed ronaldo. but fans of manchester united fear not - the league one club have not snaffled their old boy from the mighty real madrid. the man in question is 16-year-old ronaldo brown who has joined the latics after being released by liverpool. ronaldo brown -lrb- left -rrb- , pictured on tour of the nou camp in barcelona , has signed for oldham athletic. the 16-year-old is named after brazil 's former striker ronaldo , who is pictured scoring in the 2002 world cup. but he is actually named after the original brazilian ronaldo , rather than portugal star cristiano.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- a group of six young minnesota men conspired to sneak into syria and join isis `` by any means necessary , '' federal prosecutors said monday. the group of friends , ages 19 to 21 , were arrested sunday. these are focused men who are intent on joining a terrorist organization by any means possible. '' recruiting for the isis terrorist network is a particular problem in minnesota 's community of somali immigrants. '' zacharia yusuf abdurahman , 19 ; adnan farah , 19 ; hanad mustafe musse , 19 ; and guled ali omar , 20 , were arrested in minneapolis.
but there 's something we never knew about bobby drake , aka iceman of the x-men. wednesday 's issue of `` all-new x-men '' no. 40 reveals the truth : bobby is gay. `` there are thousands if not millions of stories of people who , for many different reasons , felt the need to hide their sexuality , '' brian michael bendis , who wrote the issue , said in a statement to cnn. this is just the first little chapter of a much larger story that will be told. in the `` all-new x-men '' storyline , members of the x-men team travel to the past , as younger versions of themselves.
jessica ennis-hill has revealed she faces her ` biggest challenge ever ' as she attempts to juggle being a mother with winning gold at next year 's rio olympics. britain 's golden girl of athletics is ready to step back on the track nine months after the birth of son reggie and next month she will take on katarina-johnson thompson , 22 , who has risen to prominence in ennis-hill 's absence , winning pentathlon gold at the european indoor championships last month and taking her british record. jessica ennis-hill admits juggling motherhood with her olympic aspirations poses a big challenge.
tensions between marine le pen , the leader of the french national front , and her father have escalated , as the 86-year-old founder of the far-right party defended having described nazi gas chambers as a ` detail of history '. in words which will revive accusations that the far-right party remains anti-semitic , jean-marie le pen said he had ` never regretted ' making similar statements in the past. tensions between french national front leader marine le pen -lrb- right -rrb- and her father worsened today as the founder of the far-right party -lrb- left -rrb- defended having described nazi gas chambers as a ` detail of history ' reigniting old tensions , mr le pen , who is the founding father of the national front -lrb- fn -rrb- and still an mep , said : ` what i said corresponds to what i think.
a former factory girl who earned less than # 100 a month is now worth # 4.9 billion , and has been named china 's richest woman. zhou qunfei has shared her incredible ` rags to riches ' life story with the people 's daily , after the self-made billionaire 's company lens technology went public -- making her wealthier than richard branson. zhou qunfei , 45 , has been named china 's richest woman after her company lens technology went public. she would send her salary home to her father , who was nearly blinded in an industrial accident. her mother died when she was five.
the lightning-fast greens at augusta national can be a daunting prospect for many first-timers at the masters. the 27-year-old finished one-under but it was his monster putt for eagle at the par-five 13th that he was tweeting about afterwards. england 's danny willett carded an opening round of 71 at augusta on thursday. his brother p j willett , at home doing some diy on light switches , also tweeted : ` bro @willett1987 shot under par in 1st round of #masters2015 debut. who 's living the dream ? ' willett admitted it was a dream come true to mark his masters debut with an eagle and an opening round of 71 at augusta national.
` toxic ' : celebrity big brother contestant katie hopkins said migrant vessels ` need pushing back ' katie hopkins was today branded ` toxic ' after saying boats in north africa should be ` burned ' to cut immigration - just hours after up to 900 migrants drowned in the mediterranean sea. ' her comments were labelled ` dangerous ' , while she was described as a ` manifestation of the culture of toxic hate that is prevalent in the uk '. more than 900 people are feared dead after the fishing boat overturned in the mediterranean at midnight yesterday in one of the worst maritime disasters since the second world war ended.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- tornadoes , fierce winds and severe thunderstorms with large hail are predicted for the midwest and for the plains , from the ozarks eastward to the lower ohio valley , on thursday and friday , the national weather service said. severe weather is perilous anytime , of course , but cnn meteorologist chad myers says that tornado conditions are more dangerous during the night. scattered storms will soak illinois and missouri , and wind and hail will continue to be moderate in those states , the national weather service said. by thursday afternoon , storms will hit parts of indiana and kentucky.
a playground in tokyo has been found to have dangerously high levels of radiation , which has raised fears for the health of children in the area. soil underneath a slide at the park in the toshima ward in the north-east of the japanese capital , showed radiation readings of up to 480 microsieverts per hour. danger : japanese authorities detected an unusually high level of radiation around playground equipment in this tokyo park -lrb- pictured -rrb-. safety : authorities cordoned off the park after high levels of radiation were detected underneath a slide. it was not immediately clear why radiation levels were so high in the park , which opened two years after the 2011 fukushima disaster.
masters champion jordan spieth is back to work this week at the rbc heritage classic after two days celebrating his victory at augusta national and being showered with attention. spieth arrived at sea pines resort late tuesday night after a media whirlwind in new york since tying tiger woods ' masters record of 18-under 270 to capture the green jacket. spieth does n't believe the success will change him. in fact , he said he upheld his commitment to the rbc heritage in part to chase down rory mcilroy for world no. 1. ' i would n't come to a tournament just to come to a tournament , especially with that goal still in mind , ' said spieth , who moved to no. 2 in the world rankings with the masters ' win.
sometime in the next few weeks , louis van gaal has a lunch appointment with sir alex ferguson. on friday he expressed a tongue-in-cheek hope that ferguson will pay but , more pertinently , the current manchester united manager hopes to have some genuine and tangible progress to talk about. the united team he left to david moyes moved only backwards while this season 's version has only occasionally appeared genuinely purposeful under van gaal. manchester united boss louis van gaal revealed he is set to discuss the club with sir alex ferguson soon. van gaal is preparing his side for saturday 's clash against aston villa as they bid to finish in the top four.
new york -lrb- cnn -rrb- jake tapper is the next anchor of cnn 's sunday morning political interview program `` state of the union. '' cnn announced tapper 's promotion on friday morning. he will take over the program in june ; he 'll remain the channel 's chief washington correspondent and the anchor of the weekday afternoon newscast `` the lead. '' tapper joined cnn from abc in 2013 to anchor `` the lead. '' on `` state of the union , '' he succeeds candy crowley , who signed off the program last december. a rotation of fill-in hosts have been anchoring the program this year.
disarming images of the north korean dictator kim jong-un have emerged - apparently showing that he has hurt his wrist. the 32-year-old was inspecting a weapons factory in the country 's capital of pyongyang in a visit filmed by north korean central tv. scroll down for video. pictures from state-controlled media show the dictator smiling and waving , with his right wrist in bandages. it is the latest in a string of presumed health problems for the north korean dictator , aged 32. according to a south korean official , quoted in sky news , jong-un must have suffered the injury in the recent past.
but elvis presley 's planes are to be taken from the grounds of his former mansion after local officials signed off the controversial deal. memphis city council agreed yesterday that hound dog ii and lisa marie -- named after the king of rock ` n ' roll 's daughter -- can be moved from his estate to a site nearby. graceland visitors can currently buy a ticket that includes a tour of presley 's home-turned-museum and the interiors of the two planes. they have been at the estate since the mid-1980s after graceland 's managing company , elvis presley enterprises -lrb- epe -rrb- , agreed that the planes ' owner , okc partnership , could have a cut of graceland ticket sales.
you get the impression around english cricket at the moment that people have a bit of a downer on stuart broad. there should always be scrutiny on england players ' places , i have no problem with that , but we have to be careful we do not get confused between broad the bowler and broad the batsman. fact is , in the last 14 tests broad has taken 63 wickets at 24 apiece which is pretty good considering he 's been carrying niggles and injuries. so there has not been much wrong with his bowling even though , as i said on wednesday , he 's not quite at his best following his long lay-off after surgery.
residents and tourists in venice have for years delighted in their local , laid-back fizz. but here in britain prosecco has long been seen as the second choice to champagne. according to industry figures released this month , we 've developed such a taste for prosecco that last year uk sales overtook those of champagne for the first time -- # 181.8 million compared with # 141.3 million. one uk wine importer , david gleave from liberty wines , tried to sell it in the late eighties : ` i thought : `` this is delicious -- i 'm sure people will buy it.
you might think seemingly endless sales would be guaranteed to tempt shoppers through the door. but high street retailers are boosting their fortunes -- by scrapping them. debenhams and mothercare have called a halt to long-running promotions which fail to excite shoppers , replacing them with shorter events that have more impact. experts claim prolonged sales can devalue products and encourage shoppers to delay buying an item until it is reduced. high street chains , including mothercare , are calling time on cut-price promotions that seem to go on forever. figures show a third of all fashion purchases are now made in a sale or promotion , and there have been warnings that shoppers are being ` trained ' not to buy at full price , undermining profits.
the body of kyle knox has been found near the foot of ben nevis three weeks after he disappeared. the body of a missing hiker has been found three weeks after he vanished trying to climb britain 's highest mountain. kyle knox , from london , was last seen alive at the foot of ben nevis on march 31. the 23-year-old was reported missing the following day when he failed to return to his hotel in fort william. the mercury had plunged to minus seven and winds of up to 70mph were recorded in the region. it was believed kyle , who was not an experienced walker , had attempted to climb the ben nevis alone.
the saying ` two is company but three 's a crowd ' clearly did n't apply to james corden as he met two beckham sporting stars. the comedian tweeted a picture on thursday alongside former england captain david beckham and new york giants ' nfl hotshot odell beckham jnr. accompanied with the caption : ` double beckhams ! ' corden was all smiles as he posed in between the duo. both beckhams , who are of no relation , were pictured in america with the 36-year-old - who is currently filming late-night talk show late late in the states. last month david beckham lifted the lid on his son brooklyn 's first date , in which the former manchester united midfielder watched on from a nearby table in a london restaurant.
she and rogers , 34 , own the breckenridge cannabis club , a recreational marijuana dispensary in the historic and scenic ski town of breckenridge , colorado. the couple started their business as a medical cannabis dispensary in 2010 , but when colorado became the first state in the nation to allow the sale of recreational marijuana , they saw a once-in-a-lifetime business opportunity. previously , they were only permitted to sell medical marijuana to the approximate 4,500 permanent residents of breckenridge ; when the new legislation took effect on january 1 , 2014 , they could then sell to any of the 30,000-plus tourists -lrb- 21 years or older -rrb- who visited the town during peak season.
a burlesque performer is attempting to eradicate all negativity surrounding the word ` fat ' -- by embracing it as an honest , body-positive description of her own physique. scroll down for video. not-so-tiny dancer : burlesque performer lillian bustle explained in her ted talk that ` fat ' is just another word - and using it does n't have to be an insult. and those negative perceptions of bigger people start young : the top ` magic wish ' for girls 11 to 17 , according to a study , is to be thinner. lillian explained that , according to other studies , ` the more we 're exposed to body diversity , the more we tolerate , accept , and yes , even prefer , different body types '.
red squirrels have returned to one of britain 's most stunning beauty spots after a 16-year absence. red squirrels have returned to one of britain 's most stunning beauty spots after a 16-year absence. numbers of the reds , popularly illustrated in the beatrix potter squirrel nutkin books , have been rapidly dwindling thanks in large part to the squirrel pox virus carried by greys. but now , red squirrels have been spotted in windermere , in the picturesque lake district. experts say a lack of habitats caused them to disappear from the area. since 1952 , 95 % of red squirrels have been wiped out in england and wales.
it has been more than a month since much-loved teacher sharon edwards graced the halls of her school. while her students at coutts crossing public school on the nsw north coast hold on to the hope the mother-of-three will turn up to school again one day , the police focus has shifted to treating the teacher 's disappearance as a homicide. investigators , including forensic officers and the dog squad , returned to her home in grafton on monday with a crime scene warrant. police also went back to the nearby suburb of lawrence , where ms edwards and her husband , john , still own their family home on neill st. sharon edwards , 55 , was last seen between 10pm and 11pm on saturday march 14 in grafton , nsw.
a four-year-old boy got trapped in an arcade game after climbing in to the ` claw ' machine when he failed to win a teddy. henry howes narrowly failed to pick up a despicable me toy as he played the notoriously difficult claw game at his local swimming pool in tamworth , staffordshire. desperate to get to his hands on the teddy , he put his hand inside the machine 's hatch - but when he reached too far , he slipped under the trap door and was stuck inside. scroll down for video. grumpy : but the four-year-old was unhurt after spending half an hour trapped in the machine.
alex impey is breaking the law selling his customers marijuana , but as long as he keeps hearing stories that the drug is helping them cope with pain , he could n't care less. and business for medicinal marijuana is booming , with mr impey telling daily mail australia he receives 20 new requests for help each week at his hemp store , gnostic hemporium , on the nsw central coast , north of sydney. ' scroll down for video. alex impey , is a father-of-two , who says he is selling marijuana to help to those suffering from serious illness.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- would you build a house with water ? hungarian architect matyas gutai believes that water is the perfect material for keeping a house at a comfortable temperature. gutai built a prototype house in his hometown of kecskemet , south of budapest , with his high school friend milan berenyi , after years of research and development. the house was built with a grant from the eu , and showcases the `` liquid engineering '' concepts gutai has written about extensively. panels , some of steel , and some of glass , make up the structure of the house and a sheet of water is trapped between the inner layers , which equalizes the temperature across the building.
they had only one shot at it , with the masked raider wriggling clear of security in the 88th minute and making his way into the penalty area undetected. this was the second london heist in a week , with the loftus road imposter easily identifiable when he whipped off his head gear in front of qpr 's stunned supporters. cesc fabregas was the diamond when he worked the opening , following the carefully laid out plans of eden hazard and substitute oscar to pull off this unlikely job for chelsea. cesc fabregas arrives late on to convert eden hazard 's pass and secure all three points for chelsea at loftus road.
mi5 has issued an alert over the threat posed by rogue workers in britain 's nuclear , transport and public services after suicide pilot andreas lubitz killed 150 people in the alps plane crash disaster. ' mi5 is now giving advice on the risk posed by thousands of employees working in sensitive areas -- known as ` insiders ' -- highlighted by the germanwings disaster. warning : mi5 has issued an alert over the threat posed by rogue workers in britain 's nuclear , transport and public services after co-pilot andreas lubitz killed 150 people in the alps plane crash disaster.
fast food giant chipotle is making a fresh start and stepping away from using gmos -lrb- genetically modified organisms -rrb- as ingredients. steve ells , the company 's co-ceo and founder , discussed the new development with cnn money. ' scroll down for video. fresh start : chipotle co-ceo steve ells , pictured , has said ` it 's relatively easy for us to have all non-gmo ingredients ' ells added ` you know , we 've always paid attention to the way we 've sourced food since we started 22 years ago. ` like artificial colors , additives , preservatives.
the married at first sight star who tried to leave her groom at the altar after deciding he was too ` unattractive ' for her has finally admitted to having romantic feelings towards him. while the honeymoon period comes to an end for the couples on tonight 's episode of the hit fyi reality series , as they all return home to celebrate the holidays with their spouses , whom they 've known for a total of seven days , it seems that , for jaclyn methuen and ryan ranellone , the romance has only just begun. day seven , oh man , i have a crush on my husband , ' 30-year-old jaclyn says in a preview for the latest episode.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- barney frank , to say the least , knows his way around politics. frank , you 'll recall , was the first member of congress to marry someone of the same-sex while in office , and among other things , he had some choice words for closeted politicians who vote against lgbt rights. and when someone in the audience asked his thoughts about a current ballot proposal in california that would legalize killing gay people , he said he was n't aware of the measure but told the young man not to `` worry yourself about the crazy people.
a 4-foot-high , 100-pound sculpted bust of the infamous nsa whistle-blower now exiled in russia was sneaked into brooklyn 's fort greene park in the pre-dawn hours monday. animal new york , a city news website that first reported the incident , said the mysterious perpetrators were a trio of guerrilla artists -- admirers of the former government contractor who had leaked thousands of pages of classified information from the national security agency detailing a massive domestic spying program to the media. scroll down for video. illicit tribute : a group of anonymous artists erected a 4-foot-tall plaster bust of edward snowden , the former us spy agency contractor famous for leaking classified information , in brooklyn 's fort greene park early monday morning.
a 90-year-old man loved by his community has been found with his hands tied behind his back and beaten to death in his own home. police say earl arthur olander who lived alone in a home in rural minnesota , was discovered covered in cuts and bruises and his home had been ransacked. pictured from left is earl olander with his friends the boecker family , maria , bill and tatiana. earl olander was found beaten to death in his own home. here he is pictured with his close friend william boecker 's family members , to whom he was like a ` surrogate grandfather ' close friend william boecker told the minneapolis startribune he had known mr olander for the past 22 years and described him as ' a stand-up person '.
brazilian star oscar says he is happy at chelsea and wo n't be leaving stamford bridge in the summer. there have been suggestions that the 23-year-old could be offloaded by jose mourinho having not completed a full 90 minutes since january. but oscar is determined to stay and become mourinho 's main man : ` i 'm very happy here. brazilian star oscar in action for chelsea at queens park rangers on sunday , where he came off the bench. oscar has not completed a full 90 minutes for chelsea since february , raising speculation he could leave. but the brazil international has insisted he is happy at stamford bridge and will be staying at the club.
leeds ' sporting director nicola salerno has resigned , the club 's disqualified owner massimo cellino is reported to have confirmed. the 58-year-old italian 's departure comes six days after leeds ' assistant head coach steve thompson was suspended. cellino , banned from having any executive influence at elland road until may 4 due to a tax conviction in italy , told the yorkshire evening post : ` he resigned. nicola salerno -lrb- right -rrb- has resigned from his role as leeds united 's sporting director. ' i wanted him to stay and speak about it first when i got back to leeds but he made the decision.
internet users were left scratching their heads after an old hoax video showing a wave rider surfing in front of the sydney 's opera house started trending for a second time. the posting of the video comes in the wake of heavy storms which battered sydney overnight , with parts of the city experiencing the heaviest rainfall in 100 years. a hoax video showing a wave rider surfing in front of the sydney 's opera house has gone viral for the second time. some users have referenced the weather as the trigger of the strange phenomenon , with musician fortafy uploading the video with the following caption : ` storm brings out surfers in sydney harbour.
the actor 's enduring sex appeal may have been boosted by his aftershave , eau sauvage , which contained a potent chemical known as hedione. now scientists have revealed how this chemical activates the hypothalamus - an area of the brain responsible for triggering the release of sex hormones in women. scroll down for video. the actor 's enduring sex appeal may have been boosted by his aftershave , eau sauvage , which contained a potent chemical known as hedione. pictured is steve mcqueen starring in the 1965 film the cincinnati kid. hedione - derived from the greek word ` hedone ' , for fun , pleasure , lust - has a fresh jasmine-magnolia scent.
off target : it has been claimed the g36 -lrb- pictured -rrb- does not shoot straight when it overheats at 30c. the g36 was created for the requirements of the german armed forces but it is also used as an infantry weapon in around 50 countries. it is used in britain by counterterrorism police. calibre : 5.56 mm x 45. weight : 3.63 kg. length : 755-1 ,002 mm. use in the uk : between 2,000 and 3,000 g36 rifles belong to police forces across the country. an assault rifle used by counter-terror police does not shoot straight when it gets hot , tests claim.
former cuban president fidel castro has appeared in public for the first time in more than a year , his first since his country reached a landmark agreement with the us to reestablish ties. the state-run cubadebate website says castro greeted a group of venezuelans visiting the capital of havana. images of fidel castro meeting with venezuelan visitors to havana were reported in cuban media on friday , though the encounters were said to take place on monday. the meetings , with photos taken inside castro 's bus , are the former president 's first public appearance since january 2014. he sports longish gray hair and a beard.
a four-year-old boy has accrued a burgeoning fan base for giving a very animated interview on local tv despite having bandaged wounds. jayden wingler of phoenix , arizona , was interviewed by fox news earlier this week about a theme park accident which left him with severe burns on his legs. scroll down for video. tv debut : jayden wingler of phoenix , arizona , was interviewed by fox news earlier this week about a theme park accident which left him with severe burns on his legs. jayden 's father , skeeter , was unable to get a word in edgewise , as the youngster continued with his story.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- it was a typical practice day for the washington university of rowing team , but then danger came from beneath. the scene was creve coeur lake outside of st. louis early friday morning. '' patel screamed at teammate yoni david , `` yoni , get it off me ! '' thankfully , no rowers were injured during the ordeal , but the strong smell of fish lingered in the moments afterward.
this is the moment a college athlete 's victory turned to ashes in his hands after he slowed down to celebrate his win and got overtaken. tanguy pepiot , a steeplechase runner for the university of oregon , had a clear lead on his rival meron simon , who competes for the university of washington. but at a track meet saturday in eugene , oregon , a crowd of more than 3,000 people saw the distance evaporate after pepiot raised his hands in pre-emptive joy , with less than 100m to go. the gesture seemed to sap some of his momentum , opening the way for simon to speed towards the finish line , and beat him by a tenth of a second.
floyd mayweather and manny pacquiao are less than two weeks away from facing each other in the richest fight in history. floyd mayweather with girlfriend doralie medina -lrb- left -rrb- and manny pacquiao with his wife jinkee -lrb- right -rrb-. pacquiao with his wife and children -lrb- left to right : michael , israel , emmanuel , princess and queen elizabeth. pacquiao was joined in los angeles by his ever-expanding family ; wife jinkee and their five children - princess , emmanuel jnr , israel , queen elizabeth and michael. jinkee arrived in los angeles last month , three weeks after her husband had started his training camp.
but research with twins suggests picking who to vote for in an election might have more to do with your genes than the policies of the parties. to put this to the test , the department of twin research , which hosts the biggest adult twin registry in the uk , recently performed a poll of voting preferences. deciding who you will vote for may have more to do with your family than who won the leaders debate -lrb- above -rrb- finds study which looked at the voting habits of twins born in the uk. the twins were all born in the uk and were broadly representative of the uk population.
from model rosie huntington-whiteley 's beloved wheatgrass-packed green juice to victoria beckham 's favourite bee pollen breakfasts , there are plenty of stars who are walking adverts for the power of superfoods. health bloggers and celebrities alike sing superfoods ' praises and scientists publish countless studies into their health benefits. indeed , acai berries have been linked to weight loss and cancer prevention , flax seeds are thought to help lower blood pressure and reduce the risk of heart disease , while coconut oil has been hailed as a weight loss aid. tipper lewis , 43 , has been reaping the benefits of superfoods for twenty years and credits the likes of chia seeds , bee pollen and matcha green tea with her boundless energy and good health.
but though mean and critical messages may have put a dent in the 28-year-old 's self-esteem , the workout pro is getting the last word with her latest video , the ` perfect ' body , which examines just whether conforming to society 's standards is the key to happiness , while highlighting some of the cruel comments she has received from viewers of her youtube videos. scroll down for video. she 's only human : seemingly full of confidence , cassey said even she has felt bad about herself after reading nasty comments calling her ` fat ' online. ` it 's hard to be content with the shape of your body when people are constantly telling you how fat you are , how much weight you need to lose , how much weight you need to gain , ' she wrote.
over the years i 've been lucky enough to play with a lot of accomplished women golfers , including two former world no 1 's in lorena ochoa and laura davies. but none of these encounters prepared me for playing 18 holes with charley hull , the best teenage golfer in britain. the venue was turnberry and a media day for the ricoh women 's british open in july. teenager hull possesses the same ` wow ' factor as world no 1 rory mcilroy -lrb- below -rrb-. she positively exudes the ` wow ' factor rory mcilroy had at the same age.
historians have discovered a 1,900-year-old hangover cure written on an ancient egyptian papyrus. the text recommends stringing the leaves of the evergreen plant , also called ruscus racemosus , together and possibly wearing it around the neck. this papyrus was found in oxyrhynchus , egypt , and contains a medical ` recipe ' for treating a hangover. while the text recommends this as a way of relieving headaches brought on by alcohol , it is not known if it had any effect. the treatment was discovered as part of an ongoing effort to translate the oxyrhynchus papyrus - more than 500,000 documents found in an ancient rubbish tip at the egyptian town of oxyrhynchus , about 100 miles south of cairo.
the young syrian girl pictured surrendering to the camera she mistook for a gun is not the only one traumatised by a short life filled with violence and war. another little girl was photographed in a jordanian refugee camp , weeping with fear after mistaking an aid worker 's camera for a weapon. the photographer who took the heart-breaking image in november did not grasp how terrified she was until he was editing the photographs. scroll down for video. terrified : a red cross worker has pictured another syrian girl -lrb- pictured -rrb- who became scared and raised her arms to surrender after mistaking his camera for a weapon.
david bulman -lrb- pictured -rrb- left his wife lubova with a black eye after repeatedly punching her in the face. a bad-tempered managing director repeatedly punched his wife in the face after he shouted at her for not doing the ironing. david bulman , 55 , and his wife lubova had a row after he criticised her for not doing the chores or checking to see if his shirt buttons were missing. neighbours called the police after bulman drove away , damaging a gate post and a van , leaving his frightened wife with a black eye and a lump on her head.
as scott carson 's long , hopeful punt downfield floated harmlessly out of play , the talented winger spun in disgust , shook his head and threw open his arms. wigan are better than this , and they know it. they were 2-1 down at that point , two moments of genius from ross mccormack and matt smith the difference. they rallied to come away from fulham with a point - it was a night in which new manager gary caldwell certainly saw enough to build on - but all at the club know their stay in the championship is unlikely to be extended beyond may.
feeding the pet dog is enough to keep this baby entertained - for hours. michael j from michigan filmed his 11-month-old daughter leighton in floods of tears before she was handed a french fry to lure over the family pup , zayla. footage shows the little girl reaching down to feed the hungry canine and chuckling with delight when he snaps the treat up. but this time around she decides to break the chunk of potato in half to make it last longer. each time the dog nibbles the portioned fry up , more laughter ensues. and so the fast food frenzy continues.
what we may be witnessing in these opening jousts of the season is the mental disintegration of nico rosberg as a racing driver. his reaction to losing to lewis hamilton -- blaming the brit for slowing down and bunching him up as the attacking ferrari of sebastian vettel closed on him -- told us more about his own state of mind than it offered fair criticism of hamilton. rosberg was , i thought , disgruntled by his failure to match his team-mate during a run of eight wins in the last 10 races. nico rosberg -lrb- left -rrb- looks less than impressed after finishing second to mercedes team-mate lewis hamilton.
this is the surreal moment a dog takes the reins and literally drags his owner out for a walk. dashcam footage , shared by dailymotion.com user vidsking , shows a giant st. bernard running across a road somewhere in the czech republic with a child trailing behind. as the canine scampers along , his passenger holds tightly to a leash. they 're forced to slow down to avoid hitting the animal and human train. according to the video time stamp , the incident took place on march 3 just past 5pm. ' a dog walks a child , ' the cameraman casually titled the unusual piece of footage.
seoul -lrb- cnn -rrb- in the first few days after the sewol disappeared beneath the yellow sea , divers pulled body after body from the watery wreckage , bringing the dead home. the divers stopped searching months ago because of the winter and water conditions , and the south korean ferry remains on the bottom of the sea floor. the sewol sank on april 16 , killing 304 people , mostly high school students who were on their way to a field trip to jeju island , off south korea 's southern coast. a year later , park 's life remains at a standstill.
andy flower , england team director who guided sides to three ashes triumphs and the world no 1 spot , will not be interfering in any way with the work of the next director of england cricket. the england cricket board gave flower the confusing title of technical director of elite coaching after he renegotiated a new role at significantly lower pay after resigning as team boss following the last ashes whitewash. former england team director andy flower is now technical director of elite coaching at the ecb. but effectively flower is now running the england cricket academy at loughborough and working with young players in a coaching role , and liaising with counties.
former us president george h.w. bush looked in good health on friday as he accompanied australian tennis player roy emerson at the u.s. men 's clay court championship in houston , texas. bush , 90 , fell ill in december and was hospitalized after complaining of shortness of breath. bush is a fan of associated tennis professionals -lrb- atp -rrb- world tour 250 events and lives in the houston area with his wife barbara. he and his wife have attended many atp fundraisers and charity events throughout the years. in good spirits ! : former president george h.w. bush , seated , arrives just before the quarterfinal match between jeremy chardy of france and kevin anderson from south africa was suspended by rain.
a father-of-five has been stabbed to death at a wisconsin river following an argument with three other fishermen. peter kelly , a 34-year-old volunteer high school wrestling coach , was stabbed in the chest beside the st croix river at 9.45 pm on tuesday as he fished with a friend. the two men were on the minnesota side of the river when they heard three men being loud and rude on the wisconsin side and asked them to quieten down , authorities said. scroll down for video. loss : peter kelly , 34 , was stabbed in the chest after he and a friend asked a group of rowdy fishermen to be quiet at a river on tuesday.
one thing is for sure : deila did not need to be an ardent student of the history of scottish football to appreciate the gravitas of the situation he had become immersed in earlier this season. by late autumn , his side had twice exited europe while hamilton accies had left celtic park triumphant. a search party was hardly required to identify his doubters. celtic manager ronny deila admitted that the first six months in charge were mentally tough. ` we played dundee away -lrb- 1-1 -rrb- and we could n't play worse than we did , ' deila recalled. ' even for a manager who had been steeped in the nuances of scottish football , such a period would have been troubling enough.
christian migrants from africa have spoken of making the perilous journey across the mediterranean to escape beheading from islamic state fanatics in libya. a group of eritrean refugees told how they were forced to deny their faith or face death at the hands of islamist gunmen who patrol the towns and beaches of the north african state searching for ` infidels '. ' he and his brother samuel , 14 , arrived in sicily a week ago , just days before around 900 people died when their boat capsized during the same dangerous journey from libya - one of the worst maritime disasters since the end of world war two.
known for their high-end boutiques , wallet-stretching gastronomical delights , and luxurious hotel offerings , it may seem like an impossible dream to visit some of the world 's most cosmopolitan cities on a budget. however , with the help of last-minute booking sites and a little bit of insider knowledge , it turns out that there are plenty of ways to experience these stunning destinations - without breaking the bank. alternatively , pack a picnic lunch and sit along lake zurich 's promenade or the sprawling sheep 's meadow in central park. mailonline travel reveals the best ways to save a buck in some of the world 's most budget-busting cities ... new york city.
ocean photographer lloyd meudell started taking images of the sea with a gopro after being an avid surfer his entire life. ' ` when the tide is high , the water comes in and it breaks in front of cliffs , explodes into the air and creeps over the sand , ' mr meudell told daily mail australia. an ocean photographer has captured the unique and surreal moment ocean foam hits the sand. ' mr meudell grew up on the south coast of new south wales and takes most of his shots on kiama beach spanning to gerrigong beach. after receiving emails from potential buyers asking how they can purchase one of his prints , mr meudell started a website and he admits the purchasers are not what you 'd expect.
this is the moment a young boy covered in blood was dragged from the scene of a devastating suicide bomb attack in afghanistan. he was near a bank in jalalabad early saturday morning when the attacker detonated an explosive-laden motorcycle , killing 35 people and injuring another 125. islamic state has since claimed responsibility for the attack , president ghani said. scroll down for video. thirty-five people died and 125 have been injured after a suicide bomb was detonated outside a bank in jalalabad , afghanistan. above , a man leads an injured boy by the hands after the suicide attack , as others gather to try and help.
he is , evidently , one of the few players genuinely respected by newcastle 's disillusioned fans. but there is more to the toon army 's admiration than one free-kick against the enemy. a working-class scouser who came through the ranks at tranmere and made 100 appearances by the time he was 21 before beating three career-threatening injuries , taylor ` gets ' the proud principles of the north east -- appreciation , hard graft , honesty and enjoyment. he has himself been a fan in the crowd during three of the last four derby defeats - he watched the other from a hotel room in america after undergoing surgery on the second of the cruciate ligament injuries which kept him out for 26 months.
yet the duchess of cambridge has been dismissed as an ` uneventful ' dresser by leading author margaret atwood. and most controversially , the 75-year-old said kate has n't lived up to the fashion icon reputation of her husband 's late mother , princess diana. scroll down for video. the author said kate -lrb- pictured right -rrb- has n't lived up to the fashion icon reputation of princess diana -lrb- left -rrb-. miss atwood said she thinks the duchess is cautious when it comes to clothes and is told what to wear by advisers. the duchess of cambridge was dismissed as an ` uneventful ' dresser by leading author margaret atwood.
the mail is asking you to nominate mothers who have created businesses from scratch , while also caring for their children , for our first ever mumpreneur of the year award , in association with natwest everywoman awards. today 's nominee is petra wetzel , 40 , a divorcee who lives in glasgow with her son , noah , nine. he had heard about the huge popularity of petra 's bottled beer. she set up her own business , the west brewery , in 2006. ' blonde , attractive and the founder of one of britain 's most successful small breweries with an annual turnover just shy of # 10 million , petra may well be every man 's dream.
among them is lance lara , 10 , from fort worth in texas , who has proved so successful that he was crowned world champion in his age group last year. bouncing around : a young bull rider takes on a bullock -lrb- steer -rrb- at a rodeo in fort worth , texas. but each time he gets on a bullock , a castrated male , he risks life and limb , and has already been trampled on several times. that , however , is not enough to stop his father tj , himself a former bull rider , from entering lance , his older brother joe , 15 , and his sister jayden , seven , into competitions all over the us.
a bookkeeper has been sacked after calling her boss ' a complete d *** ' in a text message - and then accidentally sending it to him. louise nesbitt was employed at perth mining exploration company dragon mountain gold. on january 12 last year , she mistakenly sent a text to her boss meant for her daughter 's boyfriend who was engaged as a contact plumber for the firm. a perth office bookkeeper was fired from her job after she called her boss ' a complete d *** ' in a text message. ' realising her mistake , she immediately texted her boss asking him to delete the message and ignore its contents.
mark wood spent a day this week donning his newly arrived england suit. ` trying it on is when the mixture of nerves and excitement started , ' says wood , one of the uncapped members of alastair cook 's squad who fly to the caribbean on thursday for a three-test series against west indies. mark wood has been called up by england for the test series against west indies. when he 's not steaming in to bowl at 90mph mark wood can find himself fielding for long stretches of time. ` i do n't know how the england boys will take it , but i 'll have a go.
when destiny 's child reunited at the stellar gospel awards in las vegas last weekend , it was the first time beyoncé , kelly rowland and michelle williams performed together since appearing during the halftime show at super bowl in 2013 in new orleans. beyoncé and kelly joined michelle to surprise the crowd , and opened the broadcast with a gospel medley that included the song ` alpha & omega ' and the hit single ` say yes ' from michelle 's ` journey to freedom ' cd. scroll down for video. nameless : singers michelle williams , kelly rowland and beyonce performing `` say yes '' during the 30th annual stellar awards in las vegas last week.
the health secretary promised a crackdown if the conservatives are re-elected. ending the ` abuse ' of nhs money exposed by the mail will be a priority if the conservatives are re-elected , the health secretary said last night. speaking as the mail revealed how nhs managers were potentially dodging income tax by channelling huge salaries through personal companies , jeremy hunt promised an immediate crackdown if his party is in power after the election. so we will stop the abuse as a priority if we form the next government. the mail yesterday revealed how hospital bosses had taken # 35million in pay rises during the worst funding crisis in a generation.
modern technology is supposed to be making our lives easier , but often all it does is create more pitfalls. 21st century additions like a facebook page , an instagram profile and a smart phone often end up doing more damage to a budding relationship than good. girls are often caught out spending too much time in the bathroom , while they compare notes on their evening with friends as their date is sat back at the table. and after the evening is over both parties can fall foul of the temptation to get in touch too quickly - texting within hours of the meeting or checking out the other person 's facebook profile immediately.
but sir alex ferguson 's favourite phrase for this scenario , ` squeaky bum time ' , does n't begin to cover the current situation in algeria 's championnat national de premiere division. with four rounds of matches remaining , just 11 points split leaders es setif and bottom-placed na hussein dey , meaning , theoretically , that any of the 16 teams in the league could still be crowned champions. the current state of the algerian league table , which sees all 16 teams in with a shout of the championship. algerian football fans are in for an exciting - if incredibly tense - final few rounds of the season.
a year since the death of former barcelona coach tito vilanova , his memory lives on at the club where he played an integral part in the most successful era in its history. it is one year since tito vilanova , the beloved barcelona coach , died aged 45 after a long battle with cancer. vilanova 's memory lives on at the club where he played an integral part in its most successful era. people from the sporting world and many others attended a memorial service at barcelona cathedral to pay tribute. vilanova was pep guardiola 's assistant during a golden spell for the club when they won three la liga titles and two champions league trophies from 2008-12.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- the lawyer for robert bates , an oklahoma reserve deputy who fatally shot a man he meant to subdue with a taser , on saturday released documents that he says verify some of bates ' training as a law enforcement officer. the documents show bates had one taser training class over a six-and-a-half-year period , took three firearms training classes and qualified 10 times , from 2009 to 2014 , to use a handgun. `` robert bates has met all the requisite training required by oklahoma to be a reserve deputy , '' said the lawyer , scott wood , in an interview with cnn.
a leather boot , white with mould , lay half-buried at my feet. the infamous chilkoot trail in british columbia , used by thousands of men during the klondike gold rush. keith wolfe smarch , a first nation master-carver , had abandoned work on a totem pole to guide me along the infamous chilkoot trail , where hundreds of men and thousands of pack animals lost their lives as they headed to canada 's frozen wastes during the klondike gold rush. he is descended from skookum jim , the first man to find gold in a remote riverbed in the yukon in 1896.
it was so quiet that afternoon -- 70 years ago , on thursday , april 12 , 1945 -- the city editor and assistant city editor had felt comfortable leaving their desks. '' the words had barely cleared his lips when city editor clem lane half-ran back into the city room. the door of the managing editor 's office that opened into the city room flew open , and managing editor everett norlander joined them around the copy desk , where dodge was editing the bulletin. '' the main entrance to the chicago daily news building also served as the main entrance to the northwestern railroad terminal , with its commuter trains to the north shore communities.
a new york photographer built an elaborate indoor set on a brooklyn sidewalk for a man to propose to his girlfriend on valentine 's day. jose luis proposed to his girlfriend on a set designed and built by new york photographer justin bettman. but zoom out of the picture and it was revealed that bettman was actually building these sets right on the street , using mostly furniture that had been given away or left for garbage. ` as you can understand , i am not the richest man in the world. ' bettman said after he read the email there ` was n't even a question ' on whether he would say yes.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- the commissioner-general of the united nations relief and works agency will make an emergency visit to the yarmouk palestinian refugee camp in syria on saturday , a spokesman says. `` the visit is prompted by unrwa 's deepening concern for the safety and protection of 18,000 palestinians and syrian civilians , including 3,500 children , '' agency spokesman christopher gunness told cnn 's paula newton. `` yarmouk remains under the control of armed groups , and civilian life continues to be threatened by the effects of the conflict. '' krähenbühl will meet with senior syrian officials , u.n. and relief agency staff members , and displaced people from the camp itself.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- protests are gaining steam in baltimore after a man died from a devastating injury he allegedly suffered while in police custody. demonstrators have vowed they 'll keep taking to the streets until they get justice. protesters rallied at baltimore city hall on thursday , and another march is planned for saturday. police say when gray saw police on april 12 , he started running. protesters have echoed the claims of the gray family 's attorney , who argues that police did n't have any probable cause to pursue him , but chased him for `` running while black.
the chilling facebook posts of a gun-obsessed 24-year-old man who is believed to have shot dead his father and tried to gun down a family friend before turning the rifle on himself have been revealed. tim mcnaughton 's body was discovered alongside his father greg mcnaughton 's near a shooting range at a farm in the caves , near rockhampton in central queensland on tuesday. in february 2012 , tim was issued with a ` shooter ' firearm licence by the northern territory police. ' the deaths are being investigated as a murder-suicide as it 's revealed a third man , lindsay hart , escaped being killed after being shot in his bicep by running into the bushland as bullets flew past him.
the average briton eats four servings of cheese a week. least favourite cheeses , according to a new survey , are greek feta , french camembert and american cream cheese. the research , which was conducted by pickle brand branston also revealed that a surprising one in four cheese fanatics -lrb- 26 per cent -rrb- admit to eating melted cheese with everything. a third of brits -lrb- 30 per cent -rrb- say they ca n't enjoy cheese without a dollop of their favourite pickle while almost three quarters admitted to reaching out for a cheese sandwich when feeling peckish. in fact , three in ten office workers tuck into cheese sandwiches for lunch each work day without fail.
london -lrb- cnn -rrb- if you 're hunting for the earliest galaxies and clues about potential life on other planets you are going to need a very big mirror and a golf ball of gold. they are both necessary for the construction of the james webb space telescope -lrb- jwst -rrb- , intended as the successor to the hubble instrument that has been operating in space for 25 years. hubble has returned spectacular images during the past quarter century but also helped scientists discover that almost every galaxy has a massive black hole at its heart and that the expansion of the universe is speeding up.
a power outage temporarily blackened washington , d.c. this afternoon , interrupting a state department briefing and forcing the white house onto back-up generators. the chief spokesman for 1600 pennsylvania avenue confirmed that the outage ` briefly had an impact on the white house complex ' but it was ` back on the regular power source ' by the time he began his briefing approximately an hour and a half later. ` things are slowly but surely returning to normal at the white house complex , ' josh earnest , white house press secretary , said , noting that he was in the oval office with the president when it happened , and it was barely noticeable.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- as goes walmart , so goes the nation ? everyone from apple ceo tim cook to the head of the ncaa slammed religious freedom laws being considered in several states this week , warning that they would open the door to discrimination against gay and lesbian customers. walmart 's staunch criticism of a religious freedom law in its home state of arkansas came after the company said in february it would boost pay for about 500,000 workers well above the federal minimum wage. taken together , the company is emerging as a bellwether for shifting public opinion on hot-button political issues that divide conservatives and liberals.
it has been linked to deaths across the country and left others critically ill. now new york governor andrew cuomo has issued a state health alert that the synthetic marijuana product known as ` spice ' is sweeping the city , and that 160 people have been hospitalized in nine days after using the drug. state health alert : new york governor andrew cuomo said friday that ` spice ' , also known as ` k2 ' or ` mojo ' , is sweeping the city , with 160 people admitted to hospital in the nine days from april 8 , 120 of them in one week.
tony pulis insists west brom chairman jeremy peace has given him his word any takeover will not drag on. owner peace is open to offers for the baggies and is understood to want between # 150million and # 200million for the club. tony pulis insists he has been told by the west brom chairman that any takeover will not drag on. the baggies are currently fighting to avoid relegation from the premier league , and face liverpool next. and , ahead of saturday 's visit of liverpool , pulis does not expect a long saga. if you look at the stadium , the academy set up , the training ground facilities and everything else.
the five-year-old namesake grandson of famed college basketball coach jerry tarkanian has suffered a stroke , his family said. his parents said young jerry complained of pain in his legs and was taken to university medical center of southern nevada in las vegas at 4am on friday. five-year-old jerry tarkanian , pictured here with with his parents , amy -lrb- left -rrb- and danny -lrb- right -rrb- tarkanian , suffered a stroke at about 4am on friday and was taken to the hospital. the family said the boy has never had health issues and is conscious and moving around better since the stroke.
george osborne has refused to rule out further cuts to child benefit if the conservatives win a second term. the chancellor appeared to leave the door open when asked if he would be ` depriving more families ' of the payments which are worth more than # 1,000 per year. more than a million households lost out when the coalition announced that families with one parent earning # 50,000 would pay tax on child benefit. scroll down for video. chancellor george osborne , pictured visiting the red cone cafe in stourbridge , refused to rule out further cuts to child benefit if the conservatives win a second term.
others , already wearing the scars of gruesome battle , flocked to old trafford for the fa cup final in their military uniforms and bandages. the presence of so many soldiers on the steep terraces led the 1915 showpiece to be christened the khaki cup final. on friday it will be 100 years since 50,000 gathered at the home of manchester united for the last football match to be played in england for four , long years. on friday it will be 100 years since 50,000 gathered at old trafford to contest a controversial fa cup final. many soldiers already wounded from war or in uniform for training earned the match its khaki cup final tag.
liam marshall-ascough is standing to be an mp in stoke-on-trent central , which had a 5,500 labour majority in 2010 , and is a traditional labour stronghold. the candidate , who is gay , is pictured on the open profile of his facebook page appearing to lick a female friend 's breasts. but mr marshall-ascough has insisted the photos , taken seven years ago , just show him out having fun with close friends ` like a normal person ' and do not undermine his ability to do the job. liam marshall-ascough , pictured seven years ago on a night out with a close friend , insists the pictures show him enjoying himself like any normal person in their twenties and do not undermine his ability to do the job.
a heartbroken sydney man has gone to extreme lengths to show his ex-girlfriend that he deserves a second chance. michael munday has taken to social media to post heartfelt notes dedicated to the love of his life , melissa , declaring that he needs the support of the public in order to win her back. ' michael munday has taken to social media to post love notes dedicated to the love of his life , melissa , declaring that he needs the support of the public in order to win her back. the sydney man has posted 135 tweets about his ex-girlfriend and has about 23k followers.
a pregnant meteorologist has called out the bullies who viciously attacked her appearance by reading their hateful messages on air - before admitting that their cruel words had taken their toll on her. ' scroll down for video. you 're not the first pregnant woman omg , ' another critic had written. ' kristi revealed that she was actually expecting these types of messages because she had received a similar level of hateful jibes during her first pregnancy. refusing to cover up and hide her pregnant body however , she stood up to show her growing baby bump and said : ` you ca n't really hide something like this.
but benedict cumberbatch found the shoe was very much on the other foot when he tried his hand at table tennis yesterday. the sherlock star was challenged to a game by chinese ping pong legend deng yaping while hosting the laureus world sports awards in shanghai , it was reported by people 's daily online. but despite using a wooden spoon to give the actor a fighting chance , deng still won the match. here 's how it 's done , detective : sherlock star benedict cumberbatch is challenged to a table tennis match by chinese ping pong legend deng yaping , who beat him despite playing with a wooden spoon.
they may look like inventions straight out of a sci-fi film , but this collection of designs were very much real and developed in a top-secret british war lab more than 70 years ago. ministry of defence 1 , also known as ` churchill 's toyshop ' , was a weapons laboratory set up in 1939 by winston churchill - a firm believer in the importance of science and technology in warfare. scroll down for video. winston churcill is pictured gives his ` victory ' sign as , wearing his famed curchillian hat , he made a polling day tour of his constituency during the election in 1945.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- sometimes the best ideas come from the bathroom. the georgian chess grandmaster has been banned from the dubai open chess tournament after officials discovered he was darting to the toilet to consult his smartphone , which was logged onto a chess analysis app , the dubai chess and culture club said. `` the armenian noticed the georgian was oddly frequenting the toilet after each move during a crucial part of the game , '' the dubai chess and culture club said. but after looking into the bathroom stall he visited , they found the smartphone hidden in toilet paper.
a waiter mixes things up at the cocktail bar at ferme de montagne in france. les gets is well placed in the giant portes du soleil area , which has 400 miles of groomed pistes , linked by 14 ski stations across the french/swiss border. ferme de montagne proprietors ensure their staff spend a mandatory week working and gaining experience at the dorchester in mayfair -lrb- pictured -rrb- before the start of each new season. it takes a long time to get to know your way around vast ski areas like this so i was delighted to join ferme de montagne 's ski host , rory , who has no need of a piste map.
protests by japanese-american groups and star trek 's george takei have led an east coast auction house to cancel a sale of 450 photos and artifacts from world war ii internment camps. the items from the collection of ` dean of american crafts ' allen eaton were slated for public auction on friday at the rago auction house in lambertville , new jersey. stopped the sale : star trek actor george takei helped halt the action of 450 photos and artifacts from world war ii japanese-american internment camps. the collection includes 63 photos of people of japanese descent who were imprisoned over fears they were spies and dozens of arts and crafts they made.
having safely secured his third grand prix win of the season for mercedes in bahrain on sunday , the big cheese of formula one will be big brother for a while. lewis hamilton 's younger sibling nicolas , who suffers from cerebral palsy , is preparing to become the first disabled competitor to compete in the british touring car championship , for audi , starting in june. lewis , whose next race is the spanish grand prix on may 10 , admits nicolas shares the family stubborn streak which does not always welcome advice but recently he has been able to adopt a mentor 's role.
fox news anchor chris wallace has issued an apology after ` fat shaming ' kelly clarkson in a radio interview , saying that he should have spoken of the singer 's ` remarkable talent ' , not her weight. now , the veteran news man has apologized for his ` offensive ' remarks - which he made on the nationally-syndicated mike gallagher show on friday - in a statement obtained by dailymail.com. scroll down for ` fat shaming ' interview. firestorm : fox news sunday anchor chris wallace -lrb- right -rrb- , 67 , faced wide-spread criticism after fat shaming kelly clarkson -lrb- left -rrb- on friday , saying the singer and new mom could ` stay off the deep dish pizza for a while ' dealing with it : the same day , kelly clarkson told chat show host ellen degeneres that she 's had to deal with criticism about her weight since she first hit the spotlighton the first season of american idol in 2002.
christian benteke has revealed a secret. despite what appeared cast-iron evidence to the contrary , he does not practise free-kicks. yet with seven minutes to go in a game aston villa dared not lose , he stepped forward , pushing aside team-mates , to curl his dead-ball opportunity over the queens park rangers wall and into the net. christian benteke bends a free-kick over the qpr wall to rescue a point for aston villa last week. benteke jumps for joy after sealing his hat-trick in the relegation battle with qpr at villa park. the belgium striker admitted he even surprised himself by finding the back of the net with the free kick.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- he 's a blue chip college basketball recruit. she 's a high school freshman with down syndrome. but all that changed thursday when trey asked ellie to be his prom date. trey -- a star on eastern high school 's basketball team in louisville , kentucky , who 's headed to play college ball next year at ball state -- was originally going to take his girlfriend to eastern 's prom. trey made the prom-posal -lrb- yes , that 's what they are calling invites to prom these days -rrb- in the gym during ellie 's p.e. class.
from bear testicles and tiger paws to crocodile jaws and snake heads , these are just some of the bizarre animal parts being sold in china 's so-called medicine markets. traditional chinese medicine -lrb- tcm -rrb- claims all manner of ailments including back ache , poor memory and even cancer can be cured by the natural world. it is often believed that the more endangered the animal is , the greater the healing affect it will have. such wisdom is widespread in guangzhou , where markets stock exotic and rare animals destined for restaurant menus , pharmacists and pet cages. snapped up : customers purchase a crocodile head at hunagsha market.
an army veteran who served in afghanistan has moved to africa in a bid to stop poaching. kinessa johnson from yelm , washington state , works for the veterans empowered to protect african wildlife -lrb- vepaw -rrb- , training park rangers to catch and detain the wildlife killers. the organisation was founded by an ex-marine and is made up of former soldiers who signed up post-9 / 11. she was also deployed for one tour of afghanistan. scroll down for video. kinessa johnson from yelm , washington state , works for the veterans empowered to protect african wildlife -lrb- vepaw -rrb- , training park rangers to catch and detain the wildlife killers.
the lingerie model and animal rights activist has been making waves online recently with her series of body-flaunting photos on instagram as she documents her first pregnancy -- prompting outcry from critics who claim that her incredibly trim and toned physique could be harming her unborn child. but despite the outpouring of concern from her followers , the 30-year-old los angeles resident has n't let it stop her from continuing to flaunt her physique online with a new snap , in which she swaps traditional maternity wear -- and her favorite lingerie - for a more figure-hugging and bust-flaunting frock. scroll down for video.
veteran explorer sir ranulph fiennes is receiving medical attention at the marathon des sables after running for 30 hours in temperatures topping 50c. sir ranulph , 71 , completed the most gruelling stage of the desert race today , but was taken straight to the medical tent because the exertion had begun to take its toll on his heart. medical attention : sir ranulph fiennes , 71 , was taken to the medical tent because of concerns for his heart. heath : the explorer previously suffered two heart attacks and underwent a double heart bypass , a cancer operation and is in an ongoing fight with diabetes.
ex pop star : rev richard coles -lrb- pictured -rrb- rose to fame as half of the band the communards. when a high-profile vicar yesterday attacked the tory plans to sell housing association homes as a ` right to steal ' , it might have sounded like a stern ticking off from the pulpit. but this was the rev richard coles -- who sits on the board of wellingborough homes , a housing association in northamptonshire -- and he is no ordinary churchman. for coles raised eyebrows by last year publishing a frank memoir which detailed not only his rise to fame as half of the famously gay 1980s pop band the communards , alongside singer jimmy somerville , but also his enthusiasm for ` dogging ' -- having sex with strangers in the open air -- and for taking drugs including cocaine , ecstasy and amphetamines.
a filmmaker has revealed how he was pummeled with snow and ice for a minute and almost buried alive when the deadly avalanche hit mount everest on saturday. michael churton from new york , was with four colleagues at the base camp , 17,500 ft above sea level , when he was knocked down by the tsunami of snow. scroll down for video. michael churton from new york , was with four colleagues at the mount everest base camp , 17,500 ft up , when he was knocked down by the tsunami of snow. he was knocked back and suffered facial injuries.
former royal marine bobby burnett beat his girlfriend and banned her from wearing revealing clothes in a two-year-long campaign of terror. a controlling afghanistan veteran who beat his girlfriend and banned her from wearing revealing clothes has been jailed for a two-year-long campaign of terror. royal marine bobby burnett forced samantha chudley to stop wearing make-up because he wanted to make her less attractive to other men , and forced her to hand over the passwords of her e-mail and social media accounts so he could monitor them , exeter crown court heard. his violence and the stress of his controlling behaviour led her to have two miscarriages , one of which happened days after he punched her in the stomach when she was ten weeks pregnant , the court was told.
atletico madrid striker mario mandzukic has denied claims that real madrid defender daniel carvajal bit him during tuesday 's champions league quarter-final match. mandzukic and carvajal were engaged in a physical battle throughout the goalless first leg of the quarter-final tie at the vicente calderon stadium. after the contest , carvajal was asked by the spanish media if he had bitten mandzukic after pictures showed carvajal 's mouth close to the forearm of mandzukic. daniel carvajal appeared to move his mouth towards mario mandzukic 's arm in an off-the-ball scrap on. the referee was not looking at the incident as carvajal then struck out towards mandzukic.
the 18-year-old long islander has waited anxiously for weeks since sending off his college applications. harold has been accepted by every single one - including all eight ivy league schools. he chose yale. scroll down for video. incredible achievement : harold , 18 , insists he had no idea he would be accepted by all 13 colleges. star : the high school senior moved from nigeria to long island 10 years ago with his parents roseline -lrb- pictured -rrb- and paul ekeh. my mom was sat next to me and it was just letter after letter after letter. i could n't believe it , ' harold told dailymail.com as he recounted the five minutes when acceptance emails came in from yale , harvard , brown , columbia , cornell , dartmouth , pennsylvania , princeton , johns hopkins , nyu , mit , vanderbilt , and suny stony brook.
manchester city 's fa cup-winning goalkeeper , harry dowd , has died , aged 76. dowd , a member of the side who beat leicester city 1-0 at wembley in 1969 , played 181 games in nine years at maine road. the salford-born keeper once famously scored for city , against bury , after switching to centre forward in a game in 1964 , having broken his thumb. harry dowd -lrb- third from right -rrb- celebrates after manchester city win the fa cup at wembley in 1969. former city player fred eyre paid tribute to dowd , praising the popular stopper.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- all elizabeth sedway wanted was to leave paradise and head home. that 's what she said in a video posted to facebook that shows her group packing up from their alaska airlines plane as it sat at the gate in hawaii. `` you 're taking me off the airplane because i do n't have a doctor 's note saying i can fly , '' a woman is heard saying. '' sedway did eventually get on a flight back to san jose , california , although she did n't get home until late tuesday night. `` we regret the inconvenience ms. sedway experienced ... and are very sorry for how the situation was handled , '' alaska airlines spokeswoman bobbie egan said.
these stunning images capture the way young people in iran are defying the country 's hardline islamic image to create a more westernised society. taken in the capital tehran , the photographs show teenagers and people in their early 20s kissing in public , drinking alcohol and living openly gay lifestyles. new era : people kiss and dance at a masquerade house party in the iranian capital where alcohol is being served and consumed. modern : a group of young iranians laugh as they wear fancy dress costumes at a party where they drink alcohol , kiss and dance. celebration : a group of young iranians are seen heading in to the country 's desert where they have illegal , alocohol-fuelled parties.
teenage aldi worker christian trousedale became an internet hit after a picture of him carrying a 95-year-old pensioner 's shopping home went viral. a teenage aldi worker says he is ` blown away ' by the public reaction after a picture of him carrying a 95-year-old pensioner 's shopping home went viral. christian trousedale , 18 , walked the elderly man to his front door , holding his hand as they made their way to his home in horwich , near bolton. the picture of mr trousedale and the pensioner has been ` liked ' a quarter of a million times and shared by 70,000 people.
her food allergies change so frequently , keeping track is almost pointless. '' her labradoodle , moose , starts alerting , licking her hands frantically. `` i 'll feel like i 'm being stabbed in the stomach , and then it gets hard to breathe and my throat and tongue start swelling. the paramedics who arrived to take brynn to greenville memorial hospital , or `` hotel greenville '' as she likes to call it , knew her well. when she asked for her security blanket , they knew to hand her her smartphone. `` new day , new crisis , '' brynn quips as she tells the story , as if it 's about her first day of college or a shopping trip gone wrong.
british world dressage champion charlotte dujardin won the grand prix at the world cup in las vegas. the 29-year-old , and her horse valegro , who won the world title in lyon last year , recorded a score of 85.414 percent to finish clear of dutchman edward gal with american steffen peters in third. her score was short of the 87.129 she recorded in breaking her own world record last year , but there was no wiping the smile off dujardin 's face. british world dressage champion charlotte dujardin won the grand prix at the world cup in las vegas. '
scientists believe life on earth began evolving around 3.8 billion years ago. now researchers in the us and italy say they have evidence that dna-like fragments may have come with ` instructions ' that guided their growth into complex life forms 4 billion years ago. scroll down for video. scientists believe life on earth began evolving around 3.8 billion years ago , but they are still far from knowing how it appeared. now researchers in the us and italy say they have evidence that dna-like fragments may have come with ` instructions ' that guided their growth into complex life forms 4 billion years ago.
a writer has revealed why she stopped washing her hair six years ago after embarking on a quest to try and control her greasy , limp locks - by avoiding shampoo. new yorker sarah theeboom was inspired to give up using products on her hair after she ran into an old friend whose once dry , frizzy locks were smooth and shiny. ' scroll down for video. natural beauty : sarah theeboom -lrb- pictured -rrb- has n't washed her hair in six years after a friend told her that giving up shampoo was the secret to gorgeous locks. although her friend warned her that her scalp and hair would go through a nasty adjustment period , sarah was n't prepared for the dandruff and excessive amounts of grease that she first experienced after she first started shunning shampoo during a three-week vacation to thailand.
the russian tennis federation has confirmed that maria sharapova will play for her country against germany in the fed cup semi-finals this month. world no 2 sharapova rarely plays fed cup , citing a busy schedule , but will be part of the russian team facing germany on april 18-19 in sochi. russia captain anastasia myskina , a former french open champion , has also picked svetlana kuznetsova , anastasia pavlyuchenkova and elena vesnina. maria sharapova has been confirmed to play for the russia team in the fed cup semi-finals next week. sharapova -lrb- left -rrb- shakes hands with dania gavrilova after losing at the miami open last month.
this is one ` library ' where visitors do n't have to speak in hushed tones or risk the wrath of a shushing librarian. with more than 6,000 books at their fingertips , new york city 's luxurious library hotel is every bibliophile 's dream. more than 6,000 books are scattered throughout the guest rooms and public spaces at new york city 's library hotel. each floor is dedicated to one of the dewey decimal system 's categories , and each room is decorated according to a genre or topic. guests who do n't get their fill of book in their rooms can find plenty more options in a dedicated reading room.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- the victory of a 72-year-old former general , muhammadu buhari , in the nigerian elections represents a moment of maturity in west african politics. but the peaceful transition of power from president goodluck jonathan to president buhari is the first of its kind in history. and the fact that the winner ran on an anti-corruption platform suggests that ordinary nigerians have finally had enough of the venality of their elites. for too long , nigeria 's poor have been victims of their country 's enormous wealth. abuja , the capital city , is where the rich have always imagined themselves making their last stand.
a waterfall gushing over the harbour bridge , a man surfing waves in front of the opera house and a crocodile stalking flood water inside a train station are just a few of the fake photos to emerge from the sydney storm. social media users were left scratching their heads over some of the manipulated snaps being shared during new south wales ' worst storm in a decade , including an image of a family-sized trampoline caught on power lines. a waterfall gushing over sydney 's iconic harbour bridge while two people watched on was just one photoshop photo to come out of new south wales ' worst storm in a decade.
republican presidential candidate rand paul smacked around democratic rival hillary clinton at a campaign stop in new hampshire this morning on the eve of the former obama administration official 's first visit to the granite state as a proclaimed 2016 candidate. ` when hillary clinton travels there 's going to need to be two planes , one for her and her entourage , one for her baggage , ' paul said during remarks at a new hampshire gop summit taking place in nashua this weekend. scroll down for video. ` when hillary clinton travels there 's going to need to be two planes , one for her and her entourage , one for her baggage , ' rand paul said during remarks at a new hampshire gop summit taking place in nashua this weekend.
vince cable prides himself on being the tories ' bogeyman in the coalition cabinet. just as david cameron and george osborne privately describe nick clegg as a ` closet conservative ' , they regard cable a closet labour politician. not surprising , since he once was a labour politician , albeit a councillor , in the 1970s. scroll down for video. vince cable wants a substantial role in government and envisages working with the conservatives again. similarly , some labour mps fantasise that if only boyish ed miliband could have persuaded uncle vince , with his provincial bank manager 's air and twinkly peacock blue eyes , to defect , labour would walk the general election.
tennis golden girl eugenie bouchard took her own advice to ` relax more ' by hanging out with a couple of well known girlfriends after crashing out of the miami open. the 21-year-old was reduced to tears after losing to world no 85 lesia tsurenko at indian wells before claiming she needed to chill out - although she suffered another early loss in key biscayne , going out to tatjana maria in the second round. eugenie bouchard -lrb- left -rrb- poses with sports illustrated model hannah davis in miami. davis smiles despite being given the run around on court by bouchard at the event in florida.
the first year students at washington university were practising at creve coeur lake in missouri when the giant asian carp decided to strike. the st. louis freshman men 's crew were captured on video rowing under a bridge by filmmaker benjamin rosenbaum , as he walks up the dock to greet them. the first year students at washington university were rowing at creve coeur lake in missouri. the filmmaker lets out a laugh as the ripples get larger and more frequent and fish can be seen leaping from the water. suddenly all hell breaks loose and without any real warning hundreds of fish jump from the water and hurl themselves at the boat.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- erika langhart had a zest for life. in phoenix , karen langhart was looking forward to her daughter coming home for thanksgiving when she received a call from erika 's cell phone. '' with groceries in hand , erika 's boyfriend , sean coakley , had arrived at her apartment to make dinner and found erika collapsed on the floor. the fire department and paramedics were already on the scene. the attendant at the front desk had heard erika screaming for help and called 911. '' -lsb- the paramedics -rsb- tried to revive her with cpr and while they were in the apartment , i think she had a heart attack and then two more on the way to the hospital in the ambulance , and another one in the hospital , and she never woke up , '' erika 's father , rick langhart , said.
richie benaud spent a lifetime in the sun and in his final years he ruefully admitted that he was paying the price for it with skin cancers on his forehead and the top of his head. ' the cricket commentary box legend talked about the radiation treatment he was receiving for his skin cancer. benaud , who had n't returned to his commentary job for the nine network following a car accident in october 2013 in which he suffered serious injuries , had looked increasingly frail and had lost weight. scroll down for video. skin cancer : richie benaud , pictured at the scg in january 2013 , revealed late last year that he had skin cancer and was receiving radiation treatment , admitting that ` as a kid we never ever wore a cap ' but using the opportunity to advise all australians to cover their heads.
the family rift tearing france 's national front apart plunged to new depths today when jean-marie le pen said his daughter marine ` may want me dead '. outage : jean-marie le pen angered his daughter when he said nazi gas chambers were ' a detail of history ' anger : the 87-year-old has now said his marine - the leader of the front nationale - ` may want him dead ' but , in response to suggestions he should step down from his position , mr le pen told rtl radio it was a ` crazy idea '. ' in an interview on wednesday , mr le pen flamed allegations of anti-semitism by praising the wartime leader marshall phillippe petain , who collaborated with the nazis.
andros townsend enjoyed silencing the critics with his wonder strike for england , saying naysayers like paul merson provided the perfect motivation for him in italy. three lions manager roy hodgson has , however , kept faith with the tottenham winger - belief he paid back in quite exceptional fashion at the juventus stadium. andros townsend scores england 's equaliser in their 1-1 friendly draw with italy in turin on tuesday night. townsend celebrates his strike with tottenham hotspur team-mates ryan mason -lrb- left -rrb- and kyle walker .
a crisp fan who gets through 42 bags in a week has discovered a skull-shaped deep-fried potato snack in one of his packets. barry selby , 54 , who lives with his dog in poole , dorset , was eating a bag of cheese and onion crisps when he made the bizarre discovery , which appears to be a profile of a human skull. scroll down for video. spooky find : barry selby was eating a bag of tesco cheese and onion crisps when he found the ` skull ' snack. i was just eating a bag of cheese and onion crisps from tesco and when i pulled it out it did take me back a bit.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- the tv season is winding down , and the finales are starting. 1. `` the americans , '' 10 p.m. et wednesday , fx. critics continue to praise `` the americans '' as one of the best series on tv , and every finale has delivered in a big way. season 3 has seen a battle for the soul of daughter paige , the return of fan favorite margo martindale and soviet agent nina getting back in the game. the finale is titled `` march 8 , 1983. '' that 's the date when president reagan called the soviet union an `` evil empire.
manchester city will resist any attempt by valencia to pull out of a # 24million deal for alvaro negredo to fund a move for radamel falcao. negredo joined valencia on loan last summer and the agreement included a compulsory purchase clause that triggered a permanent move to the mestalla as soon as he played for the la liga club. reports in spain on thursday suggested that valencia are having second thoughts about keeping negredo next season , but city are adamant that the deal will go through as planned. manchester city will resist any attempt by valencia to pull out of a # 24million deal for alvaro negredo.
if manuel pellegrini leaves the barclays premier league at the end of this season -- and it is by no means certain -- then he will leave behind barely a trace. inside manchester city , the chilean has always provided a welcome contrast to the emotional stresses of life epitomised by his predecessor roberto mancini but -- on the field and across the landscape of english football -- pellegrini has made the shallowest of footprints. progress at the etihad stadium has in recent years been slight. manuel pellegrini could be out of a job in the summer , and if he is , he will have left little behind.
whether you 're simply day-dreaming about all of the places you need to see around the world or looking to book your next trip abroad , perusing instagram is a great place to find ideas. pretty little liars ' shay mitchell may star as emily fields on the hit teen series , but her instagram is so much more than just photos of her a-list friends. the actress ' social network reads more like a top travel blog than a diary of a hollywood starlet , though there are several shots of mitchell and her glamorous gal pals , as well.
and one adorable little girl has mastered a brilliant impression of her pregnant mother. captured in a 15-second clip , the youngster emulates the way her pregnant mother walks - and the result is hilarious. the 15-month-old girl arches her back and pushes out her belly while strutting around the room. the youngster pulls a cheeky face while her father also mimics the mum 's pregnant walk in the background. the clip begins with mum , american teri o'neil , 30 , asking 15-month-old olivia : ` how does mama walk ? ' while filming at her home. suddenly the youngster appears from the side of the shot and with her back bent and tummy pushed forward she struts past.
instead , the man who will stand in the opposite corner to limerick 's andy lee next weekend comes across as anything but the egotist. peter quillin -lrb- left -rrb- may be nicknamed ` kid chocolate ' but he shows none of the expected arrogance. at times , the 31-year-old 's verbal patter buzzes with a modesty and philosophical slant which often betrays the expectations of a hard-hitting middleweight , carrying a 71 per-cent knockout rate in his undefeated record. only once during the course of an exclusive interview with sporstmail does quillin speak with a hint of bite to match the aggression that saw him put hassan n'dam n'jikam on the canvas six times en route to his 2012 world-title win.
transsexual kellie , formerly boxing promoter frank maloney , started the process to change gender two years ago and underwent her final surgery last week. the twice-married 61-year-old was expected to stay in hospital for 10 days , but has been released four days early. she now faces a further six weeks recuperation period at her home in kent with children sophie , 20 , and libby , 14 , and may also go to europe for some spring sunshine to help her heal. scroll down for video. recovery : kellie maloney had tweeted these pictures of herself after leaving hospital after her final sex change operation.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- in a tragic echo of the catastrophic events in haiti in 2010 , a powerful earthquake struck one of the poorest nations on earth today. the latest estimates from seismologists put the magnitude at 7.9 , which would actually makes it about 40 % larger than the 7.8 currently being reported. that 's less than half the size of the previous major event nearby in 1934 , which killed around 10,000 people. geophysicists have long monitored how fast the earth 's plates are moving , and we know that the entire subcontinent of india is being driven slowly but surely underneath nepal and tibet at a speed of around 1.8 inches per year.
the leader of france 's far-right has been named one of time magazine 's 100 most influential people alongside president barack obama , pope francis and kanye west. national front leader marine le pen , 46 , who took over from her father in 2011 , says it shows that her party 's brand of political change is getting attention on both sides of the atlantic. the recognition comes at an eventful time for le pen , who recently announced she would oppose her father , jean-marie le pen , on his candidacy in france 's regional elections in december. earlier this month , le pen snr , who founded national front in 1972 , infuriated his daughter with a series of racist and anti-semitic remarks.
billionaire phones4u founder john caudwell has revealed that his # 10million mansion is ` being haunted ' by the ` ghost ' of a child killed in the english civil war. mr caudwell , 62 , claimed visitors to his 50-room jacobean manor in staffordshire have felt a bed vibrate and a ghost brushing past them on the stairs. scroll down for video. spooked : billionaire john caudwell inside his historic mansion. he thinks the imposing building is being haunted by the ghost of a boy who was shot by a soldier loyal to cromwell during the english civil war. spooky stays : women visitors spending the night in one particular bedroom in the mansion -lrb- above -rrb- have felt its bed vibrate.
a mother says she has been left ` devastated ' after her daughter failed to get a place at the same primary school her three brothers attend. joanne whitehouse , 44 , had applied for her four-year-old daughter alice to go to st john fisher 's rc primary school in middleton near rochdale as her only preference. joanne whitehouse -lrb- centre -rrb- was left ` devastated ' after finding out her daughter alice -lrb- right -rrb- and granddaughter olivia -lrb- left -rrb- wo n't be able to go to the same school as her three sons. but when the school allocations were revealed this morning she found out her youngest would have to go to a different school , which is a 20 minute walk from her other children 's.
the 50-year tradition has split the gold coast community , with business leaders calling for the end of an era , the sunday mail reported. started in 1965 , meter maids were the brainchild of gold coast developer bernie elsey who introduced the initiative to stave off the bad publicity associated with newly installed parking meters. scroll down for video. local business owners have labelled surfers paradise meter maids as outdated and were no longer providing a service. the controversial move involved young women dressed in gold bikinis walking the main tourist strip and placing money into expired meters , according to the surfers paradise meter maids website.
a photo editor for a baltimore newspaper says he was beaten by police at a protest over the death of freddie gray. j.m. giordano , who works at the city paper , says baltimore police ` swarmed over ' him and hit him repeatedly. injured on the job : a photojournalist was allegedly beaten by police saturday night as he covered protests in baltimore , maryland. shoved to the ground : giordano says he was standing in front of a police line when they suddenly started marching and he could n't get out of the way fast enough. the 41-year-old photographer says the incident happened around 12.30 am when someone threw a rock at a police line and hit an officer 's shield.
ephedra foeminea -lrb- pictured -rrb- waits for the full moon to bloom and produces a sugary droplet to attract pollinating insects. called ephedra foeminea , the plant waits for the full moon to ` bloom ' and is the only plant species so far that 's known to behave in this way. at night , the non-flowering relative of conifers secretes tiny droplets of sugary fluid to attract pollinating insects. they ooze from the plant 's female organs where seeds are produced. when a nocturnal butterfly or insect lands on one of the tasty transparent orbs at night , the pollen it 's carrying is used to fertilise the seed.
from the best night 's kip being enjoyed on a wednesday to rising the earliest on a sunday , new data is giving fascinating insights into how the world sleeps. using statistics from sleep cycle app users , researchers have discovered that the earliest wake-up time worldwide is on a monday in south africa. while on tuesdays , americans rise at 7am and are in the worst mood all week. in terms of national average sleep quality , slovakia topped the list. the best sleep quality worldwide occurs on a wednesday night. more than half -lrb- 58 per cent -rrb- of countries surveyed said they had the most restful sleep on this day.
a father has discovered that facebook photos of him and his seven-year-old daughter were used to set up a fake account and scam an austrian woman out of $ 4,000. she told him that someone using the name ` johnson michael lynn ' had created a fake facebook profile using photos of him and his daughter before befriending heinrich online. scroll down for video. shock : antonio valente , from dallas , texas , learned that his facebook photos were being used on a fake account - and ultimately scammed an austrian woman out of $ 4,000. after a few weeks of friendly conversations with heinrich , the man said he wanted to marry her and move to austria to be with her and his daughter , she told valente.
dongguan , china -lrb- cnn -rrb- for a decade , the new south china mall -- the biggest shopping mall in the world -- has been an embarrassment for its owners and china. opened to the public in 2005 in dongguan in the south of the country , the goal was to attract 100,000 visitors a day with an array of entertainment , shops and eateries. outside the mall , a giant egyptian sphinx and a replica of the arc de triomphe were erected alongside fountains and canals complete with venetian gondolas. but despite the grand plans neither stores nor shoppers came.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- larry johnson remembers the fear and feeling of helplessness from being on the skywest airlines flight that made an emergency landing in buffalo , new york. '' johnson was flying with his brother , his girlfriend and his 8-month-old son when he says a flight attendant came over the speaker asking for someone who was medically trained to help with a sick passenger. minutes later , johnson says , the attendant announced there was a pressurization problem and told passengers to prepare for the emergency landing. `` you 're going to feel dizzy and woozy and lightheaded , and you 're not going to be able to breathe , '' johnson recalled the flight attendant saying.
in lederhosen and knee-high socks , adolf hitler lounges against a tree in a pose more twit than tyrant. but the rare archive photo , and several other portraits as comical as they are chilling , have been discovered in a hitler ` fan magazine ' from the thirties. in lederhosen and knee-high socks , adolf hitler lounges against a tree. the theatrical wartime leader 's personal photographer heinrich hoffmann took many of the black and white photos for hitler 's own use. but they ended up in the hitler fanzine - deutschland erwache -lrb- germany awaken -rrb- - full of hero worship and pin-up pictures of the fuhrer , published by his fervent henchman baldur von shirach.
it was home to the north american aerospace command -lrb- norad -rrb- , scanning the skies for russian missiles and the military command and control center of the united states in the event of world war three. scroll down for video. secret : the cheyenne mountain complex in colorado was built for norad to direct the american response to a nuclear war with the ussr during the cold war. protection : there are 15 three story building inside the military complex and each is buffered by a 25-ton blast door. small town : the cheyenne mountain complex is home to more than 1,000 personnel and is able to operate as an underground town for months with fresh water and food.
tim sherwood wants to wipe any smile from raheem sterling 's face by causing an fa cup shock at wembley on sunday. footage this week emerged showing the liverpool forward inhaling nitrous oxide , a legal high commonly known as laughing gas because it creates feelings of euphoria. ' aston villa boss tim sherwood is hoping they can cause a fa cup semi-final shock vs liverpool on sunday. raheem sterling -lrb- right -rrb- was pictured smoking a shisha pipe with team-mate jordon ibe earlier this season. the aston villa manager knows his ambitions to beat liverpool and reach the fa cup final may rest on taming sterling , a player he tried to sign for tottenham hotpur 's academy as a schoolboy.
` what you on about ? ' alongside wrighty , steve mcmanaman also defended his honour. all of this because jake humphrey teasingly suggested to harry redknapp he was in ` hostile territory ' as bt sport brought us the lunchtime game from the emirates between arsenal and liverpool. not since his aching knees took him away from the touchline have we seen harry pitch side at a premier league ground. well , that break seemed to have done him the power of good as the former tottenham gaffer chuckled at jake 's notion. harry redknapp joined bt sport presenter jake humphrey for live broadcast of arsenal vs liverpool.
bradley neil admitted he needed to give himself a ` kick up the arse ' after missing the cut on his masters debut at augusta national. the 19-year-old scot carded rounds of 78 and 79 to finish 13 over par , although he did at least sign off in style with a birdie on the 18th. i just need to keep working harder. amateur champion bradley neil missed the cut on his debut at the masters. the scot admitted he needed to ` give himself a kick up the a *** ' after struggling on the professional tour. ' neil still harboured hopes of making the cut after his first round , but carded four bogeys , a double bogey and one birdie to cover the front nine in 41 , before coming home in 38.
adrian peterson is back in the national football league. it was announced today that starting friday , peterson would be able to participate in all scheduled activities with the minnesota vikings. scroll down for video. the nfl has reinstated adrian peterson -lrb- above -rrb- , allowing him to participate in league activities starting on friday. the nfl said in a release ; ` in a letter from commissioner roger goodell , peterson was informed that he is expected to fulfill his remaining obligations to the authorities in minnesota and texas , as well as the additional commitments peterson made during his april 7 meeting with the commissioner regarding maintaining an ongoing program of counseling and treatment as recommended by medical advisors.
'' this idea to create a fresh perspective drove him into the desert of western sahara , a long-disputed region of northwestern africa. `` the conflict in western sahara receives virtually zero coverage despite 2015 being the 40th anniversary of the outbreak of war there , '' thorpe said. after a ceasefire in 1991 , the people of western sahara have been living in a state of non-resolution. the people are split into two camps -- those living in moroccan-occupied territory , and those in refugee camps in algeria. social media. the autumn months did not offer much reprieve from the long hours in the sweltering desert sun.
yet even among the acres of exposed flesh , lame pieces , mesh maxi dresses , skintight patterned leggings and leotards , a few stars ' dubious style still managed to stand out. scroll down for video. another pair are trussed up in neon tutus and floral-adorned bras. neon swimming hats were among some of the colourful outfits on display at coachella this weekend. jaden smith , 16 , wore a floral-print tunic that seemed to resemble a tiered dress. while pal kylie jenner was photographed in nude-coloured hot pants - which looked like they came from brother-in-law kanye west 's latest catwalk show - and hiking boots , and later a bizarre black lace body stocking , with festival-inappropriate lace-up heels.
floyd mayweather vs manny pacquiao will be the biggest fight of all time financially and the most significant this century. where money man vs pacman comes to rank among the most important fights in ring history will depend upon what happens that coming night in the mgm grand garden arena. here are my 12 most significant fights in boxing 's history. the fight for race. jim jeffries came out of a six-year retirement to take on jack johnson , the first black heavyweight champion. jack johnson , as the first black world heavyweight champion , was the bane of the white supremacists in america in the early 1900s.
in a beautiful new campaign for vans and & other stories , the woman dubbed the ` world 's oldest supermodel ' has put her younger counterparts to shame. looking radiant , daphne selfe , 86 , shows off the collaboration between the footwear super-brand and the ethereal high street store with uncompromising grace. ' 86-year-old daphne selfe has starred in the campaign for vans and & other stories alongside flo dunn , 22. the images show the new footwear which sees stories make a twist on the classic vans slip on. the shoes are then worn with pieces from the brands ss2015 collection.
a 115-year-old detroit-area woman now listed as the world 's oldest living person still makes plans for a fishing trip each year and credits god for her longevity. gertrude weaver , a 116-year-old arkansas woman who was the oldest documented person for a total of six days , died on monday. talley was born may 23 , 1899. scroll down for video. the world 's new oldest person : jeralean talley was born on may 23 , 1899 , and credits her long life to her faith. celebrations : jeralean talley attends church as she celebrates her 114th birthday , making her the oldest living person in america , in inkster , michigan may 26 , 2013.
dubai -lrb- cnn -rrb- it 's with some trepidation that i set off for the al marmoum camel race in dubai. the camel owners are sitting on the floor , eating the a ` aish , a traditional arabic dish of fish and rice , laid out in front of them. over arabic coffee and dates i am told that remote controlled robots have replaced children as camel jockeys -- this primal sport is moving with the times. there will be 14 races through the afternoon. it 's surprising how spectacular camel racing can be. compared to the grace of thoroughbred racehorses , camels are indeed ungainly creatures.
in protest at their ` horrible ' school meals , high school students in north east china 's jilin province are being forced to the sidewalk everyday to eat their lunch. with teachers banning packed lunches and erecting barbed wire and metal sheeting to prevent smuggling , the students ' only option is to leave school grounds to eat everyday , the people 's daily online reports. a group of students eat their lunch together at a local street vendor near the school premises. left , a group of students eat their lunch while sitting on the sidewalk. right , they make their way back to class after being forced to leave the school grounds to eat.
ed balls was left briefly stumped by a basic maths question today after he gave a speech in leeds. ' scroll down for video. ed balls was left briefly stumped by a basic maths question today after he gave a speech in leeds. he was asked to work out the multiplication at the q&a after he last month revealed that he still relies on his mother-in-law for help with maths. during an interview on good morning britain , labour 's shadow chancellor confessed he was relieved he had not been asked any maths questions live on tv. ' asked how he was with fractions , mr balls replied : ` luckily my mother-in-law is a maths teacher so she is the expert when it comes to maths.
the attorney for an arizona city where 19 firefighters died while battling a massive woodland blaze says he was told it was an order from the group 's supervisor led to their deaths in june 2013. prescott city attorney jon paladini claims the fire 's sole survivor , lookout brendan mcdonough , heard the leader of the granite mountain hotshots order the crew to leave a safe spot where the fire had already burned. fatal orders ? the yarnell hill fire killed 19 firefighters in 2013 , the worst disaster of its kind since 1933. new revelations now claim their deaths came after their supervisor gave orders for the crew to leave a safe zone.
bubba watson is used to wowing spectators with unorthodox golf shots on the course , but the two-time masters champion has proved he can go one step further in practice. working with his caddie in china , watson pulled off a baseball-style shot with a driver , striking the ball as it was dropped from a height. bubba watson showed off an incredible baseball style trick shot while practicing in china. watson 's shot seemed to fly down the middle , drawing quite a reaction from his caddie. watson struggled for form at the shenzhen international , finishing t-29 at the european tour event.
as a new parent , one of the most trying parts of caring for a baby is getting them to go to sleep. however , you may be able to wave goodbye tp sleepless nights thanks to one father who has come up with a trick that can get your little one to sleep in less than one minute. nathan dailo , from sydney , uploaded a video to his youtube channel demonstrating how he gets his three-month-old son seth to drift off in just 42 seconds. a father from sydney has worked out a way of making his baby fall asleep in 42 seconds.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- build a wall the length of the border with somalia. recruit and train up thousands of new security officers. but the blood of 147 people slaughtered and 79 more injured , when al-shabaab opened fire at a college campus in garissa on thursday , has them debating them with renewed vigor. many kenyans had believed that security improved enough since al-shabaab held nairobi 's westgate mall under siege for four days in september 2013 , resulting in the deaths of 67 people. two police officers were on duty. but the number of people killed in the attack is plaguing kenyans with self-doubt.
many people might think that trust issues , long distances and cheating scandals are the biggest strains on a relationship. a psychology expert has confirmed that shopping at or assembling furniture from the scandinavian store chain can be a serious source of friction between a couple , thanks to the high levels of stress caused by both activities. ` the store literally becomes a map of a relationship nightmare , ' ramani durvasula , a clinical psychologist in santa monica , california , told the wall street journal. scroll down for video. can your relationship handle it ? experts say that shopping at ikea can cause serious friction between couples - and assembling the store 's wares makes it even worse.
defending nba champions san antonio spurs have stepped up their title defence preparation by taking part in an amusing music video which announced band spuran spuran. kawhi leonard , matt bonner , patty mills , aron baynes and official mascot the coyote all teamed up to form the band - with the bands name in reference to english rockers duran duran. matt bonner was on guitar duty for spuran spuran as they announced debut song ` spurs ! ' in hilarious video. bonner -lrb- far left -rrb- was joined by san antonio spurs team-mates kawhi leonard , patty mills and aron baynes.
james whitaker 's brief reign as the ecb 's head of selectors looks set to end when the new director of cricket is announced. his position has looked untenable in any case since paul downton was axed as managing director of england cricket. one county displeased by the test squad that whitaker and his panel picked for the current tour of the west indies are yorkshire. the champions are furious that of their six players in the caribbean , four -- adam lyth , adil rashid , liam plunkett and jonny bairstow -- have been on the sidelines throughout the test series.
boston -lrb- cnn -rrb- after weeks of dramatic and emotionally wrenching testimony in the boston marathon bombing trial , jurors deliberated for more than seven hours tuesday. the jurors sent out two questions , which are scheduled to be addressed when they return to court wednesday morning. dzhokhar tsarnaev , the 21-year-old accused boston marathon bomber , faces life in prison or the death penalty. on monday , the jury saw a video of the moment a bomb exploded and disemboweled an 8-year-old boy and ripped the leg off his sister. the blast killed a 23-year-old graduate student from china. the jurors heard more horror from april 15 , 2013.
the then princess elizabeth was photographed in 1935 at westminster abbey in her smart bonnet and buttoned-up coat. resplendent in a turquoise coat by stewart parvin and matching hat , the queen was all smiles as she arrived at sheffield cathedral for the traditional ceremony. eighty years ago : the then princess elizabeth was pictured in westminster abbey at the service in 1935. joined by the duke of edinburgh , her majesty was there to present ` alms ' to 89 women and 89 men , among them d-day veteran , denis gratton. met at the church door by peter bradley , the dean of sheffield , and the local bishop , steven croft , her majesty spoke briefly to the clergymen before being whisked inside for the service.
accused : charlene mess , 48 , allegedly murdered her husband of 30 years at their new york farm. charlene mess , 48 , was arrested on monday after her husband of 30 years , 52-year-old douglas mess , was found killed at their farm in attica , new york. state police troopers went to the home at 1229 exchange street road after the couple 's son , douglas mess , jr. , 29 , reported that his father was missing. the younger mess said that his dad had failed to show up to work on monday morning and had not been seen since 8pm on sunday.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- i remember the day i stopped praying. i do n't know if all catholic churches would have shut me out , but i figured , at the time , it was part of the long list of rules the vatican required catholic leaders to follow. clearly , his conduits on earth did not have time for me -- a lifelong catholic -- and sinner -- so why would he ? ever since , i 've considered myself a lapsed catholic. until pope francis. his name is cardinal gerald lacroix. the 57-year-old presides at the basilica cathedral of notre dame in quebec city.
really. twisted sister says that its 2016 tour will be its last , according to a press release. next year marks the band 's 40th anniversary , and to celebrate , the tour is being titled `` forty and f*ck it. '' `` it 's official : farewell , '' twisted sister singer dee snider posted on facebook. snider also noted that the band will play with a new drummer , mike portnoy of adrenaline mob. portnoy replaces a.j. pero , who died march 20. the band will also perform two shows in pero 's honor : one at las vegas ' hard rock hotel and casino , the other at the starland ballroom in sayreville , new jersey.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- china 's cybercensors have long used a `` great firewall '' to block its citizens from reading critical articles from western news websites or consuming other content it disapproves of. but it 's no longer enough for them , says a study published friday. they 've developed a new it weapon and have attacked servers outside their borders , including in the united states. going on the attack so visibly and handily within another country 's borders will probably draw international ire , the study 's authors say , and beijing may have counted on that. `` this is a powerful attack capability , and we are curious about the risk and benefit analysis that led the chinese government to reveal it with this highly visible denial of service attack , '' said researcher john scott-railton.
as the daughter of actress nanette newman and film director bryan forbes , and the wife of a super-rich banker , emma forbes was never destined for a life on the breadline. but even she has astonished her showbusiness friends by buying a # 27 million london mansion -- for cash. the four-storey home has five kingsize bedrooms , five bathrooms , an underground pool , a gym , and a lift to take cars to the basement garage. extravagant : the red-brick mansion with a neo-classical facade was torn down by the previous owners. the purchase comes after ms forbes , 49 , made a handsome profit on the sale of her previous flat , in chelsea.
but now , evansville in comanche county , kansas , is a shadow of its former self , with its once-thriving commissary building in a state of disrepair. however , the ghost town is still home to two final residents , who tend to the site 's numerous cattle - rancher larry ` dee ' scherich and his wife , phyllis. the couple , who live in a house just north of the historic commissary building , do not have to worry about unexpected visitors , nor noisy neighbors. instead , they encounter only hired workers in the town , which previously housed the headquarters of the largest cattle ranch in kansas 's history.
the splatters of blood on the checklist for the very first us spacewalk were from an astronaut as he frantically battled to close the hatch door of the spacecraft after a historic venture. but the gemini 4 mission of june 1965 ultimately proved successfully , and paved the way to astronauts walking on the moon for the first time four years later. the list shows the various steps the astronauts had to go through when opening and closing the hatch to space. gemini 4 launched from cape canaveral in florida on 3 june 1965 with two astronauts on board. one , ed white , was tasked with performing the first us spacewalk , less than three months after soviet alexey leonov had completed the first spacewalk in history.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- ursula ward kept repeating her son 's name -- odin. she was tired after more than two years of pain , punctuated wednesday when her son 's killer , aaron hernandez , was convicted of first degree murder and sentenced to life in prison. odin lloyd was her first born , her only son. odin was the man of the house. odin was his sisters ' keeper , '' ward told judge susan garsh , before garsh sentenced the former pro-football player. lloyd was 27-years-old and working for a landscaping firm when he was killed in june 2013.
as the world spotlight shines on a german courtroom in the trial of the ` auschwitz bookkeeper ' oskar groening , hidden in the shadows are the forgotten women who served as guards at hitler 's death camps. of the 3,700 women who served at nazi death camps , just three were investigated by prosecutors in germany for their roles as accomplices to mass murder. scroll down for video. no justice : charlotte s , left , now 94 , was an ss guard in the nazi death camps ravensbrück and auschwitz , according to stasi records , while gisela s , is pictured right in her card index of concentration camp guards.
sharmeena : the teenager flew in secret to syria. the jihadi bride who persuaded three friends to follow her to syria was brought up in a strict muslim household which turned to islamic state apologists cage when she disappeared , it emerged yesterday. sharmeena begum , 15 , was raised by her uncle shamim miah , a devout muslim and former religious scholar. he blames the airport authorities , police and her school for letting sharmeena flee the country last december , flying from gatwick to turkey before crossing the border to syria. controversially , he has turned for advice to cage , the hardline human rights group whose leaders have said is executioner jihadi john is a ` beautiful young man '.
john isner reached the semifinals of the miami open after easily beating fourth-seeded kei nishikori of japan 6-4 , 6-3 on thursday. the 6-foot-10 , hard-serving isner is the first american man to make the semifinals in miami since 2011. he 'll next meet either world no. 1 novak djokovic or david ferrer on friday night. isner won the final eight points of the first set , breaking nishikori at love to end it. big serving john isner became the first american to reach the semi finals in miami since 2011. kei nishikori could not cope with isner 's power play in a straight sets 6-4 , 6-3 defeat.
angelique kerber of germany upset three-time defending champion maria sharapova 2-6 , 7-5 , 6-1 in the second round of the porsche grand prix on thursday. top seed maria sharapova was beaten in three sets by angelique kerber of germany. sharapova , who had a first-round bye and had won her previous 13 matches in stuttgart , also lost her world no 2 ranking after the defeat. she will be replaced by simona halep of romania when the rankings are updated on monday. three-time champion sharapova had won her previous 13 matches in stuttgart. kerber fought back from losing the first set to oust sharapova at the porsche grand prix.
two children have been killed in what police are calling an accidental vehicle fire at a las vegas apartment complex. investigators say four children were playing in and around a parked minivan saturday evening at the arcadia palms on east sahara avenue when one of them unintentionally set a fire inside. the other two children became trapped and were found dead inside after the fire was put out. two young children have died after a minivan they were playing in on the parking lot of the arcadia palms apartment complex in las vegas caught fire and exploded -lrb- police scene pictured -rrb-.
this is the chilling message a mother wrote on facebook a day after allegedly abandoning her quadriplegic 21-year-old son in the pennsylvania woods with just a blanket and a bible. just 24 hours earlier , police say she wheeled her care-dependent son into a park near their home in south west philadelphia and left him there , before going to stay with her partner in maryland. relatives , who had been contacted by the boy 's school when he did n't turn up to class on tuesday , commented on parler 's picture , ` nyia call me asap , ' and ` how the hell you happy ?!? call me ! ' on sunday police said that parler will be arrested as soon as she is released from hospital herself.
according to a saturday report by nbc affiliate 11alive , the 46-year-old singer has filed for guardianship over daughter bobbi kristina 's estate. this news comes just days after the 22-year-old 's loved ones were split over whether she had awoken from her coma as her father had claimed. scroll down for video. bold move : bobby brown has filed for guardianship over daughter bobbi kristina 's estate according to a saturday report from nbc affiliate 11alive. bobby was spotted earlier this week spending time at the dekalb medical center in decatur , georgia , where his daughter is being cared for.
garissa , kenya -lrb- cnn -rrb- kenyan police have arrested five suspects in connection with thursday 's attack at garissa university college , interior minister joseph nkaissery said friday , according to cnn affiliate ntv. thursday 's attack by al-shabaab militants killed 147 people , including 142 students , three security officers and two university security personnel. the attack left 104 people injured , including 19 who are in critical condition , nkaissery said. during search and recovery efforts on friday , cnn witnessed one male who was not a student hiding under a bed. that male was taken into custody and was being treated as a suspect , sources close to the search told cnn.
roy keane described paris saint-germain defender david luiz as ` lost ' following his woeful first-half performance against barcelona on tuesday night. the # 50million former chelsea man was at fault for both goals as neymar sent the ligue 1 side bowing out of the champions league with little more than a whimper. psg defender david luiz -lrb- right -rrb- had a torrid time marking barcelona forward neymar on tuesday night. luiz was at fault for both of neymar 's goals as psg crashed out of the champions league quarter-finals. itv pundit roy keane offered his sympathy to luiz , describing the defender 's performance as looking ` lost ' ' i actually feel sorry for him , ' the 43-year-old told itv.
ten former atlanta public school educators , convicted earlier this month of racketeering in one of the largest u.s. test-cheating scandals , were told to consider plea deals or face significantly more time behind bars. fulton county judge jerry baxter urged the defendants during the sentencing hearing on monday to accept deals with the prosecution in the trial over a widespread conspiracy to cheat on state tests. ' the sentencing will resume on tuesday. scroll down for video. fulton county superior court judge jerry baxter presides over the sentencing of 10 of the 11 defendants convicted of racketeering and other charges in the atlanta public schools test-cheating trial in court on monday.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- hillary clinton is finally announcing her candidacy for the 2016 presidential election. for democrats , there is ample reason to be excited about clinton 's run for the presidency. she is a hardened , tough partisan who will not shy away from republican attack. if hillary clinton puts together an effective campaign , she could be unbeatable in the democratic primaries as well as in the general election. clinton does n't want to end up like vice president al gore in 2000. although he did relatively well in the final election -lrb- with many americans believing that he did actually defeat george w. bush -rrb- he did n't generate much energy once the campaign started.
one-eyed police killer dale cregan has been sent to the same psychiatric hospital as moors murderer ian brady after going on hunger strike for the second time. the 31-year-old has reportedly been transferred from hmp manchester , formerly strangeways , to ashworth hospital , a high-security psychiatric unit in maghull , merseyside. cregan , who was jailed for life after shooting police officers fiona bone and nicola hughes in 2012 , was said to have started refusing food at the category a jail after being moved to solitary confinement. scroll down for video. ' brady , who was jailed for life in 1966 , was sent to ashworth hospital over 30 years ago.
a father who was caught on camera allegedly punching his three-year-old boy son in the face at a supermarket has launched a bizarre rant online , insisting the incident is a ` misunderstanding '. justin whittington , 23 , was arrested on friday in bakersfield , california , and charged with child cruelty after the video of the alleged abuse surfaced online. but following interviews , his charge was changed from ` cruelty ' to ` endangerment ' , and his bail dropped from $ 1 million to $ 20,000. scroll down for video. pictured : this is justin whittington , the man charged with punching a three-year-old boy in the face.
dramatic footage has emerged of two separate houses being swept away by floodwater as wild weather wreaks havoc along the coast of new south wales. one house was filmed as it was carried along a street in dungog , in the hunter valley , north of sydney. a dungog resident filmed the half-submerged property drifting down the main drag as floodwater laps at its sides on his smartphone. scroll down for video. a house in dungog in nsw 's hunter valley is seen washing away and was captured on a smartphone. large pieces of debris are also seen bobbing up and down in the torrential waters.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- it took prosecutors months to present 131 witnesses to support their claim that former nfl star aaron hernandez killed semi-pro player odin lloyd. on monday , hernandez 's defense gave its side of the story , wrapping up its witnesses in less than a day. hernandez , 25 , is on trial for the shooting death of lloyd , whose body was found in a massachusetts industrial park in june 2013. much of the evidence in the former new england patriots ' case is circumstantial. here are some key points jurors will have to consider after each side makes closing arguments on tuesday :.
researchers have isolated bacterial dna of several strains of the disease from the bodies of mummies found in the crypt of a church in the city of vác in hungary. they found 14 different strains of tb bacteria that had infected eight of the bodies in the tomb and traced them all back to a single source. mummified remains of 28-year-old terézia hausmann -lrb- above -rrb- found in the 18th century crypt of the dominican church in vác , hungary , were among those found to have been infected with tuberculosis by the researchers. they say the strains of tb they found all evolved from a single germ that had began infecting people during the late roman period.
backache is striking us younger than ever -- with almost half of the under-30s saying they are battling constant pain. experts blame increasingly sedentary lifestyles and an obsession with mobile phones for a sharp rise in the number of young people with back and neck problems. and they warn that children as young as 12 are seeking treatment. some 45 per cent of the under-30s surveyed for the british chiropractic association said they had a painful back or neck -- up from 28 per cent last year. across all age groups , 86 per cent said it was a problem -- compared with 77 per cent last year.
forget helicopters and bmws , could the ultimate symbol of wealth be clothes made from gold ? on a catwalk show which took place in xi'an , the capital city of north-western china 's shaanxi province , models strutted their stuff in items made from the precious metal. including underwear and a chain-mail style shirt which it has been revealed would be worth around # 40,000. on a catwalk in xi'an in china models strutted their stuff in gold underwear , it is thought the look is influenced by royal women in history. the shirt alone worn by the male model weighed in at 7lbs and the matching bra and underwear for the female model also came in at 7lbs.
washington -lrb- cnn -rrb- until recently , if you sat in church on sunday mornings , pollsters could predict where you stood on same-sex marriage. in 2003 , when the massachusetts supreme court became the country 's first to legalize same-sex marriage , less than 30 % of religiously affiliated americans supported gays ' and lesbians ' right to wed.. by 2014 , that number had climbed to 47 % , according to a survey conducted by the public religion research institute. that 's more than the 45 % who said they opposed same-sex nuptials. the margin is small but statistically significant , said robert p. jones , ceo of prri , because of the exceptionally large pool of respondents : 40,000 adult americans.
center for elephant conservation sits on 200 acres of land in rural central florida , halfway between orlando and sarasota , off a nondescript country road. `` these elephants , they have these large feet and they travel silently through the fields. '' twenty-nine elephants currently live here , and 13 more will join the group by 2018 , after ringling bros. decided this year to stop using elephants in its traveling circus. the change comes after years of repeated criticism and lawsuits by animal rights groups. the ultimate decision to phase out the elephants , feld said , is the result of the different laws regulating the use of the animals in each of the 115 cities the circus visits every year.
more than 30,000 cases of the country 's most popular hummus dip are being recalled after sabra , the manufacturer , said they could be contaminated with listeria. the company said the total number of containers in the recall comes to ` approximately 30,000. ' only five batches of hummus are being recalled - and only the company 's classic hummus. ` this measure is limited to five skus of classic hummus sold nationwide , ' sabra dipping co. said in a release. ' scroll down to see the batches of hummus being recalled. listeria concerns have led to thousands of classic hummus containers being part of a voluntary recall , sabra dipping co. said monday.
a man who lost his iphone ended up finding it on the other side of the world and striking up a friendship with its new ` owner. mr stopera said he asked himself , ` who is this man , and why are his pictures showing up in my phone ? ' instant connection : months after stopera lost his iphone in new york city. lost in the cloud : li 's pictures began showing up in matt 's icloud and photostream. they were mostly of this man taking selfies with an orange tree. the phone had made its way half way around the world to southeastern china and into the hands of li hongjun.
victoria beckham might be one of the world 's most successful fashion designers , but she still ca n't seem to pip her husband at the style stakes. a new poll of the most fashionable brits puts david at number three , with victoria trailing behind at number nine. movie great audrey hepburn beat stiff competition from members of the royal family and the beckhams to be voted the most stylish brit of all time , according to the poll. david beckham and his wife victoria both. victoria beckham strapless dress. victoria beckham as always , looking sleek and sophisticated wearing one of her own designs to the vanity fair oscar party in february 2014.
robert durst has been absolved of state gun charges in louisiana. the ruling on thursday clears the way for federal proceedings on similar charges in new orleans , which local lawyers believe he can win. durst , 72 , who faces a murder charge in an unrelated california case , remains jailed without bond in louisiana. scroll down for video. next step : jailed millionaire robert durst has been absolved of state gun charges in louisiana. he will now face federal charges , which lawyers believe he can win , before a murder trial in california. authorities said he had a gun and marijuana in his room.
because the leader of the free world refuses to look with clear eyes at the chief security challenges of the 21st century : the fruits of radical islam. the results of the obama white house 's innovative efforts to make the world a better place can be accounted for in the ever-growing numbers of victims of radical islam in the middle east , north africa and south asia. is it not a tragic irony that the arab spring-era policies of a nobel peace prize recipient accommodated the transition of syria into the world 's newest jihad theater while leaving libya a failed state and yemen a failing state ? the syrian jihad gave rise to the islamic state in iraq and syria , which now uses syria as a rear operating base to support its jihad in iraq , which could soon spill over into jordan.
a utah man is thankful he is alive after he claims a delta airlines plane flew over his home when a large chunk of ice dropped from the aircraft shattering his car 's windshield. todd larson , 55 , told daily mail online he had parked his collectible dodge challenger worth $ 30,000 in the driveway of his taylorsville home on march 25 when moments later an ice chunk crashed onto his car at 1.53 am. ' todd larson said a chunk of ice fell from a plan smashing through the windshield of his dodge challenger parked at his taylorsville , utah home -lrb- above his damaged dodge challenger -rrb-.
lovingly tended gardens with their manicured lawns and neat flowerbeds were once the very essence of englishness. as a result , only a handful of traditional flowers still grow in english country gardens , with the average one usually containing a mere four species -- daffodils , crocuses , roses and tulips. almost 40 per cent of people , including 66 per cent of those aged 18-29 , spend more time sunbathing and having barbecues in their garden than tending it , according to the survey of 1,000 adults by the garden furniture retailer alfresia.co.uk. sir roy strong , the landscape designer and former director of the victoria and albert museum , told the sunday times : ` british people used to take pride in having neat gardens with lots of flowers.
a hollywood-inspired experiment to help dementia patients by waking them up with video recordings from loved ones is taking place in new york. the idea is borrowed from the 2004 adam sandler film 50 first dates , in which drew barrymore 's character suffers a brain injury and memory loss each day. the film 50 first dates starring adam sandler and drew barrymore has inspired a new dementia experiment taking place at a care home in riverdale , new york. people suffering alzheimer 's disease and other forms of dementia often fell confused and anxious in the morning. the programme is designed to help those who are in the early to moderate stages of dementia , those who are still likely to recognise the people in the video and understand what they are saying.
a beach-side apartment complex in the hamptons has been obliterated by flames. smoked poured over westhampton beach on wednesday at 3pm as a fire spread through 90 condos before the building eventually collapsed. it is not known what started the blaze , which was so intense it melted the paint off nearby buildings. scroll down for video. ravaged : ninety condos on the beach in westhampton were obliterated by flames on wednesday afternoon. intense : smoke poured toward the ocean and could be seen from three miles away as 12 fire crews tried to control the flames. it is used as a holiday home by residents between may and november.
a woman mocked after she purchased a camera that allowed her to watch her cats from work is getting the last laugh. on monday afternoon , the new york city woman , who is not being named , watched in terror as a man crawled through a window and proceeded to steal her laptop , digital camera and some jewelry from her apartment , getting out with the goods in just minutes. a new york city woman caught a man robbing her apartment after he was captured on her cat camera. the woman is now thrilled she purchased the device and has handed the video over to police.
it is just 12 weeks since bold claims were emanating from an ultra-confident dundee united dressing room that this season could yield an unprecedented domestic treble. ` people might laugh at me but maybe in may we will have won the league and cups and i will be laughing. ' on wednesday night against dundee at dens park , however , those carefree early january days seemed so long ago as cierzniak 's grip of the ball for greg stewart 's opening goal proved as tight as his grasp on footballing reality. dundee united manager jackie mcnamara is under pressure following his side 's recent slump.
this is the embarrassing moment a buckingham palace guard slipped and fell on a manhole cover in front of hundreds of shocked tourists as he took up position in his sentry box. the queen 's guard was left red-faced after he slipped on a manhole cover during the popular changing of the guard - and unfortunately for him the entire incident was caught on camera. the queen 's guard -lrb- pictured -rrb- slipped on a manhole cover during the popular changing of the guard at buckingham palace last week. the embarrassed soldier quickly scrambled to his feet as his colleagues marched past as if nothing had happened.
loretta lynch was sworn in monday as the 83rd u.s. attorney general , becoming the first african-american woman to serve as the nation 's top law enforcement official. she said her confirmation as attorney general showed that ` we can do anything ' and pledged to deal with cyberattacks and other threats facing the country. scroll down for video. vice president joe biden , accompanied by loretta lynch 's father lorenzo lynch , second from left , and her husband stephen hargrove , second from right , administered the oath of office on monday. ' vice president joe biden administered the oath of office to lynch at a justice department ceremony.
broadcaster stephen a. smith has once again taken a controversial stance on domestic violence on espn 's first take. nine months after smith received a one-week suspension for claiming women can play a role in provoking men into violence , smith tried to to claim that boxer floyd mayweather jr 's career should be looked at separate from his domestic violence history. scroll down for video. espn 's first take anchor stephen a. smith is under fire for claiming that floyd mayweather jr. 's boxing career should be looked at independently from his domestic violence history. responding to a ` good vs. evil ' approach manny pacquiao 's trainer freddie roach is taking prior to the boxer 's upcoming fight against mayweather , smith questioned how mayweather is being portrayed in the media.
andy lee is confident he has improved even further since winning his world title last year. the irishman makes the first defence of his wbo middleweight belt against peter quillin in new york on saturday. andy lee works out with trainer adam booth at the barclays centre ahead of his fight against peter quillin. lee is making the first defence of the wbo middleweight title he won against matt korobov last year. ` i 'm very proud to be an irishman from limerick defending his world championship in new york , it does n't get much better than that. you have to be to compete in this sport.
an actor who appeared on the long-running sitcom good times has died. ben powers played the character of thelma 's husband keith in the show 's sixth and final season between 1978-1979. his family has not revealed the cause of his death. powers ' on-screen wife bern nadette stanis wrote an emotion message on facebook on thursday to mark the actor 's death. actor ben powers -lrb- left -rrb- died april 6 at the age of 64. he was a great actor and great friend who is gone too soon. the show was a spin-off of another series , maude , which was also spin-off of all in the family.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- too little , too late. '' the sculpture , a gift to the town from its original owners , has been on display since 2009. artist dave poulin has `` had plenty of opportunity to step forward , and our last conversation he wanted $ 8,000 to $ 10,000 , '' celoron mayor scott schrecengost said. '' after the story of the statue caught fire online this weekend , poulin publicly apologized monday for his `` most unsettling sculpture '' in a letter to the hollywood reporter. '' poulin said he has been talking to celoron officials for several years about removing and redoing the sculpture.
green party activists have been told to dress in ` mainstream ' fashion while knocking on doors in a bid to win over sceptical voters. the advice , which has been distributed among green campaigners in london , also provides stock answers to ease voters ' concerns about their radical plans to dismantle the army , legalise drugs and pay everybody # 72 a week no matter how rich they are. scroll down for video. a green campaigning manual urges activists to dress in ` mainstream ' fashion - unlike the campaigners pictured with the party 's only mp caroline lucas at a fracking protest at balcombe , west sussex -lrb- above -rrb-.
the top of the championship with five games to go. after another barmy day in the championship we are still no closer to finding out which three clubs will be promoted to the premier league. eight sides still have a chance of claiming one of the two automatic promotion places , even with just five games left to play of the regular season. here are eight players - one each from bournemouth , norwich , watford , middlesbrough , derby , wolves , brentford and ipswich - that could well be playing in the top flight next season regardless of whether their club goes up or not.
state education minister adrian piccoli has called the scot 's college university shortcut ` unfair , ' after it was released that school students could buy their way into university without completing their hsc. tuition , sporting and curricula fees for scot 's college , one of sydney 's most prestigious schools , reportedly top $ 30,000. the university of sydney have been running a 17-week diploma for year 11 students at scot 's college to skip their year 12 exams and ` buy ' their entry into the sandstone university. ` any scheme that gives some students an unfair advantage is unacceptable and i will be discussing this with the federal government , which is responsible for universities.
a self-warming bottle that heats up in 60 seconds is among the latest gizmos designed to make new mums ' lives easier. while muslin squares and cotton wool have been go-to products for mums for generations , gadgets on the market in 2015 include a machine that makes ` shushing ' sounds to ` break the cycle of crying ' and biodegradable nappies which do n't clog up landfill. scroll down for video. the new royal baby could be clad in eco-friendly biodegradable mull-cloth as opposed to disposable nappies. pippa middleton , left , is said to have bought the biodegradable nappies for her new royal niece or nephew.
if you struggle to get your child to go to school in the morning , do n't blame them - it could be your fault. our willingness to learn - or lack thereof - is significantly influenced by our genes , according to a large study. the researchers found that 40 to 50 per cent of the differences in children 's motivation to learn could be explained by their genetic inheritance from their parents. more than 13,000 twins aged nine to 16 took part in the research -lrb- stock image shown -rrb-. the researchers said they were surprised by the results , believing that the twins ' shared environment - elements such as the teachers and the family that they had in common - would be a larger factor than genetics.
the heartbroken mother of becky watts has spoken of her fear of coming face-to-face with anje galsworthy - whose son is accused of the teenager 's murder. tania watts is likely to see her at becky 's funeral , as ms galsworthy was also stepmother to the 16-year-old. ' murdered : the body parts of becky watts , 16 , were found at house in bristol on march 2 and police charged her stepbrother , nathan matthews , 28 , with murder. dreading meeting : becky 's heartbroken mother tani watts said she fears coming face-to-face with anjie galsworthy , -lrb- pictured with becky 's father darren -rrb- whose son is accused of the teenager 's murder.
ricky gervais has led an online charge against ` trophy hunters ' after posting a picture of an extreme huntress winner lying next to a dead giraffe and smiling. the comedian was outraged when he came across the picture of american grandmother-of-nine rebecca francis , who won the reality tv show extreme huntress in 2010. trophy : ricky gervais posted this picture of extreme huntress winner rebecca francis on his twitter feed. disgust : the animal-lover sent it out with this message - which got retweeted thousands of times. francis then found herself at the centre of a social media storm , as 14,543 people retweeted it - with some even tweeting they hoped she dies ' a lonely , painful death '.
real madrid have n't got going tonight -lrb- i was about to write a post about how barcelona were 5-0 up at this point -rrb- but james rodriguez produces a bit of individual magic to opening the scoring. the ball bounces up to the colombian who unleashes a stunning left-footed volley , dipping over the goalkeeper and into the top corner at some speed. their work rate has been exceptional while they are passing and moving , not exactly looking like a side who are sitting just above the relegation zone. free-kick time. james is clipped from 30 yards out and ronaldo is licking his lips.
loren mathieson filmed her pet boston terrier , gizmo , performing the gravity-defying stunt one day at home after he tried on a set of new booties. footage shows him taking a few steps forwards before planting down his front feet and launching his back legs vertically in the air. he then proceeds to walk forwards , performing some graceful sidesteps as he goes. mathieson can be heard laughing while she watches gizmo in action. when he reaches her on the floor , he eventually steps back down to four paws. smooth moves : loren mathieson filmed her pet boston terrier , gizmo , performing the gravity-defying stunt one day at home after he tried on a set of new booties.
a 10-year-old autistic boy has hand-delivered a heartbreaking poster to the immigration minister pleading to be allowed to stay in the country he has called home for the past eight years. the touching words were written by tyrone sevilla and delivered to peter dutton 's office in brisbane on monday , along with a petition containing 122,000 signatures. tyrone. ' maria sevilla and her young son 's desperate last-ditch attempt to remain in the country comes as they face the very real possibility of being deported back to the philippines after their visa expires today. this comes after the immigration department rejected the single mother 's visa application 28 days ago because tyrone 's autism would be a ` burden on the australian health system '.
former young divas singer kate dearaugo has made the shock revelation she turned to drugs and took anything she could get her hands on to mask her crippling depression after gaining considerable weight. speaking on kiis 106.5 's the kyle and jackie o show on friday , the australian idol winner spoke out about her battle with mental health , and the surgery she had to help her lose a staggering 68kg. scroll down for video. she said that it was after her stint on young divas that she began to spiral out of control , eating herself ` into a mess '.
since parting ways with prince harry and the royal family last year , it appears that actress cressida bonas has done anything but sit around and mope. she 's bagged herself a modelling contract with mulberry , starred in a west end stage play and is now destined to act alongside dame judi dench. cressida dated prince harry for two years , after being introduced to him in 2012 by princess eugenie. the pair split last april , despite rumours that they had secretly got engaged and planned to marry. to the golden globes party last year , cressida rocked this black mulberry dress , just days after she worked the exact same pick in white at the baftas.
lewis hamilton has told nico rosberg he will do his talking ` on the track ' as the two title contenders prepare to renew their rivalry in the desert. the mercedes men left shanghai after the chinese grand prix arguing over the rights and wrongs of how they raced. but hamilton , speaking ahead of sunday 's race in bahrain , adopted an air of cool disdain for any psychological battles. ' mercedes star lewis hamilton insists that he will do his talking ` on the track ' ahead of the race in bahrain. hamilton puts his arm around f1 boss bernie ecclestone -lrb- left -rrb- at the bahrain international circuit , sakhir.
ahead of this weekend 's premier league action , sportsmail will be providing you with all you need to know about every fixture , with team news , provisional squads , betting odds and opta stats. here is all the information you need for qpr 's home clash with chelsea ... queens park rangers vs chelsea -lrb- loftus road -rrb-. qpr. qpr will not welcome back any of their injured players in time to face west london rivals chelsea on sunday. defender richard dunne -lrb- knee -rrb- is close to a return but will not be considered with fellow centre-back rio ferdinand also absent for the barclays premier league match with an unspecified knock.
children who share ipads in class do much better in early literacy tests than those who do n't , researchers claim. however , research into the effects of the devices on literacy levels suggests the best outcome comes from youngsters sharing devices. children who share ipads in class do much better in early literacy tests than those who do n't , researchers claim -lrb- stock image above -rrb-. courtney blackwell , at northwestern university in the us , found that , in tests , kindergarten children who shared ipads in classes over an academic year significantly outscored their peers who were in classes that had no ipads or in which each student had their own device.
the time has come for australia 's favourite rock star-turned-politician peter garrett to sell his charming victorian terrace in randwick in sydney 's affluent eastern suburbs. the retired midnight oil lead singer , former politician and passionate environmental activist has put his family 's sydney home on the market and is hoping the stunning terrace will be auctioned off for at least $ 1.05 million. the 62-year-old has lived at the thoughtfully restored home for almost five years with his wife dora and three daughters , emily , grace and may. scroll down for video. the retired midnight oil lead singer , former politician and passionate environmental activist is listing his charming victorian terrace in randwick in sydney 's affluent eastern suburbs.
that was the sentiment of many `` vampire diaries '' fans on tuesday after star nina dobrev announced she will be leaving the cw show at the end of this season. `` i was a human , a vampire , a doppelganger , a crazy immortal , a doppelganger pretending to be human , a human pretending to be a doppelganger. many chastised the show 's producers , some even dobrev herself , for allowing the show to go on to a seventh season this fall after she departs. many were upset that dobrev 's departure could sink hopes of seeing a satisfying denouement to the relationship between dobrev 's character , elena gilbert , and love interest vampire damon salvatore.
when hillary clinton steps off her road-trip van on tuesday at a rural iowa community college , she might not be greeted by cheering throngs. daily mail online spoke to students at kirkwood community college 's regional center in jones county , where the former secretary of state will hold her first low-key campaign event. the outlook is n't sunny for the kickoff of her ` listening tour ' : of the ten students interviewed in the school 's public lounge , only two would speak kindly of mrs. clinton. corey jones said he suspects that hillary clinton and barack obama want immigration reform because it would result in a new generation of grateful democratic voters -- and he plans to ask her about it on tuesday.
a dozen or more metal implements are arranged in neat rows on the table next to the bed. i 'm here to try the wackiest face treatment to hit the beauty scene : the tuning fork facial. when they are placed on specific parts of the face - the neck , the jowls , forehead and around the eyes - vibrations are said to tighten sagging skin , eradicate dark circles , lessen the appearance of wrinkles and stimulate collagen. there seems to be no scientific proof that tuning forks can make you look younger , prettier or more rested. ` if you 're pale , you probably have poor circulation.
a passenger waiting to board a plane in an airport terminal has been hospitalised with deep cuts on his leg and buttocks after he broke a toilet he was squatting on. passenger jin pai , 35 , was standing on the rim of a toilet in hefei xinqiao international airport in the city of hefei , the capital city of eastern china 's anhui province , when it smashed to the ground. passenger jin pai , 35 , was standing on the rim of a toilet when it collapsed , leaving him hospitalised. the smashed up toilet in hefei xinqiao international airport in the city of hefei.
a young boy enjoyed a rare opportunity to interact with a brown bear when he was befriended by one at a zoo. wandering over to the protective glass , the youngster named gabriel is captured on camera standing next to the bear , which sits partially submerged in the water in a north american zoo. the father then instructs his son to put his hand up against the glass and as he does so the bear moves towards him with its nose rubbing against the glass. the young boy at first does n't seem too interested in the bear , then starts posing for the camera as the animal begins to interact and appears to try and bite him through the glass.
the fish , which lives in rocky crevices in the mediterranean sea and atlantic ocean and glides over the muddy sea floor , can whistle , croak and grunt. scientists have found that halobatrachus didactylus makes five types of calls not only to attract a mate , but to warn off rivals too may be trying to swipe their nesting site. lusitanian toadfish -lrb- pictured -rrb- make five types of calls and males can even sing in choruses to attract mates. male fish woo females with long , rhythmical noises that sound like boat whistles , which also act as a deterrent to love rivals , new scientist reported.
a pensioner who went into hospital and came home to find her possessions had been cleared out has criticised her son who she says ` did n't think i was going to make it '. pamela clothier was admitted to hospital forcing her to leave her bungalow in battle , sussex. but the 92-year-old 's family was under the impression she planned to sell the house and allowed charity age uk to clear it out. her beloved dog mitzy was also taken to a local animal sanctuary and later re-homed. scroll down for video. pamela clothier had to retrieve her possessions after she returned from hospital to find her house cleared.
twitter users were quick to notice hugh 's generous donation. in a record breaking effort the royal children 's hospital 's good friday appeal managed to rake in over $ 17.1 million that will be put towards vital research and facilities to benefit their young patients. the massive effort foreshadowed the $ 16.8 million donated at last year 's event. while a host of people rattled tins for donations around 1500 volunteers were madly counting the offerings. every year the good friday appeal calls on people from all parts of the community to help raise much needed funds to support the work of the royal children 's hospital.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- it did n't seem like a fair fight. on one side were hulking football players and pro wrestlers , competing as teams of two to eat as many pounds of steak as they could , combined , in one hour. and sure enough , in the end , sunday 's contest at big texan steak ranch in amarillo , texas , was n't even close. molly schuyler scarfed down three 72-ounce steaks , three baked potatoes , three side salads , three rolls and three shrimp cocktails -- far outpacing her heftier rivals. that 's more than 13 pounds of steak , not counting the sides.
odion ighalo 's shot flies into the top corner of dimi konstantopoulos ' net on 65 minutes. watford -lrb- 3-5-2 -rrb- : gomes ; cathcart -lrb- connolly 60 -rrb- , angella , hoban ; paredes , guedioura -lrb- layun 90 -rrb- , watson , tozser , anya ; deeney , ighalo -lrb- vydra 69 -rrb-. goals : deeney 37 , ighalo 65. middlesbrough -lrb- 4-2-3-1 -rrb- : konstantopoulos ; tiendalli -lrb- kalas 63 -rrb- , woodgate , amorebieta , friend ; leadbitter , clayton -lrb- forshaw 84 -rrb- ; adomah , tomlin -lrb- kike 62 -rrb- , reach ; bamford. they gifted troy deeney his 20th goal of the season and they contributed significantly to odion ighalo scoring his 19th in the second half.
fear of spiders is a survival trait written into our dna , researchers have discovered. dating back hundreds of thousands of years , the instinct to avoid arachnids developed as an evolutionary response to a dangerous threat , the academics suggest. and it could date back to early human evolution in africa , where spiders with very strong venom have existed millions of years ago. scroll down for video. researchers say a fear of spiders is a survival trait written into our dna and dates back thousands of years , stock photo. study leader joshua new , of columbia university in new york , said : ` a number of spider species with potent , vertebratespecific venoms populated africa long before hominoids and have co-existed there for tens of millions of years.
a game of thrones ` super-fan ' had a fully functional toilet built for him that 's an almost-identical replica of the iron throne that features in the hit tv show. while the throne on the show was forged from 200 swords melted by dragon breath at the order of aegon the conqueror , the first of the targaryen kings , the loo version was made using plywood by a team of top hollywood prop makers for youtube show super fan builds. scroll down for video. a loo version of the iron throne was built by a team of hollywood prop makers.
remember chip 'n' dale 's bizarre high-pitched babbles ? well now there 's a cat with vocal abilities to match disney 's famed chipmunks. youtube user serpentor filmed his feline friend in action. footage shows the tabby producing a range of unusual gurgling noises as she is petted. in between her vocal outbursts , the cat manically licks her furry body. many viewers have applauded the animal 's skills with one fan deeming her ` characterful '. vocal session : youtube user serpentor filmed his feline friend in action - footage shows the tabby producing bizarre gurgling noises as she is petted.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- jamal al-labani had hoped to bring his pregnant wife and 2-year-daughter back to the united states from war-torn yemen. family members have identified him as a victim killed in mortar strike last week in the southern yemeni city of aden. he is believed to be the first u.s. citizen killed in the current violence in yemen. early tuesday evening , the 45-year-old al-labani was on his way back from mosque prayers when he was hit in the back by shrapnel from a mortar shell , his family said. violence quickly escalated in yemen soon afer al-labani arrived in february.
-lrb- the hollywood reporter -rrb- ben powers , who played thelma 's -lrb- bernnadette stanis -rrb- husband keith anderson on the final season of the classic cbs sitcom `` good times , '' has died. powers died april 6 in new bedford , mass. , his family announced. no cause of death was revealed. powers joined the cast of `` good times '' for its sixth and final season from 1978 to 1979 season , playing keith , a professional football player. powers also had a regular role as `` moochie '' on the cbs detective drama show , mickey spillane 's mike hammer , from 1984 to 1985.
caught up with physical formats like cds as a money stream for. tuesday. it came , however , as overall global sales of $ 14.97 billion. the report also named the year 's top-selling album - the ` frozen ' soundtrack , which sold 10 million copies , while pharrell williams ' ` happy ' was the top single , selling 13.9 million copies. taylor swift famously removed her music from spotify. digital formats have now caught up with physical sales of music for the first time. piracy and free internet sites remain a huge problem for anindustry still reeling from the impact of turning music intodigital form , which encouraged copying , bootlegs and free musicsites , and led to a collapse in sales from $ 40 billion in 1999.
marietta , georgia -lrb- cnn -rrb- the little-known star of this week 's no. 1 car chase movie , `` furious 7 '' is n't a car. film producers hired a lockheed c-130 hercules to fly five cars 12,000 feet high , open a cargo door at the rear of the plane and parachute them out in a spectacular free-fall stunt. geronimo ! happy 60th birthday to the hercules -- the oldest continuously produced family of military planes in history. lockheed has been making these airplanes longer than the legendary b-52 bomber and the famous u2 spy jet. unlike those planes , the c-130 has never become a household name.
a group of daring drift trike riders have captured some amaznig footage as they zipped down the world 's steepest residential road on tricycles. harley jolly , tyson barr and nic roy -- known collectively as slide christchurch -- videoed themselves descending new zealand 's dunedin 's baldwin street on three-wheeled vehicles known as ` slide trikes '. moving back to the point of view footage of the lead rider , the camera picks up the exhilarating speed in which the group descend. point of view footage captures the lead rider reaching extreme speeds while descending the hill. the camera angle switches to that of a spectator and picks up all three men making a rapid descent.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- on may 28 , 2014 , some 7,000 people gathered in a stadium in china 's northwestern xinjiang region. instead , the authorities paraded scores of prisoners dressed in orange jumpsuits. armed soldiers guarded the exits. in the patently unfair , open air trial that followed , 55 people were found guilty of a range of offenses linked to violent attacks in the region and jailed. three were sentenced to death. the public mass sentencing was part a china 's `` strike hard '' campaign against unrest in xinjiang , a campaign the government claims was launched to combat `` terrorism '' and `` separatism.
following raheem sterling 's interview on wednesday , in which he said he was not ready to sign a new contract at liverpool , blogger david tyrer of live4liverpool gives the view from merseyside. while i hate to use social media as a gauge of opinions , raheem sterling 's interview did n't go down well at all. it was ill-timed and , regardless of what sterling and his agent hoped , he did n't come across very well. the interview has almost certainly changed the way the fans feel about him. obviously , with the caveat that we get our money 's worth ! raheem sterling returns to liverpool training after the international break and shakes hands with manager brendan rodgers.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- two cnn heroes are among the earthquake survivors in kathmandu , nepal. anuradha koirala , who rescues victims of sex trafficking , has a rehabilitation center in kathmandu that is home to 425 young women and girls. while her primary facility seems structurally unharmed , all of the children have been sleeping outdoors because of aftershocks , followed by a second earthquake on may 12. the once-vibrant campus has gone from a place of safety and healing to one of uncertainty and worry. it is very , very hard , '' said koirala , the founder of the nonprofit maiti nepal and the 2010 cnn hero of the year.
police say an apparent suicide near the buffet at a suburban las vegas casino-resort created panic on easter sunday. authorities say a gunshot rang out and then a man was found dead with an apparent self-inflicted wound around 5 p.m. near the buffet at m resort spa and casino in henderson , nevada. police say one adult who heard the gunshot and fell while running away was taken to the hospital with minor injuries. witness describe hearing a large boom and then seeing a man lying on the ground with a pool of blood surrounding his salt-and-pepper hair. several people who had gone to the buffet for an easter meal posted tweets expressing their shock at the incident.
jenson button 's miserable formula one season continued in bahrain after he failed to start the bahrain grand prix. the british driver was set to start from the back of the grid after he broke down in qualifying. but despite frantic work from his mclaren team to get his car ready in time for the race in sakhir , button was forced to watch from the sidelines. jenson button -lrb- left -rrb- waves to fans during the drivers parade before the start of the bahrain grand prix. ` the engine is not broken , ' said mclaren chairman ron dennis. ' button took to twitter to update his fans following yet another car failure : ` as u probably are aware i will not b taking part in the bahrain gp , the guys have worked flat out 2 get the car built but we 're unable 2 run.
a cancer survivor who had to have part of his mouth removed after a tumour stopped him from swallowing has been given a new tongue made out of part of his arm. david billing , 48 , has told how he had to undergo 14 hours of surgery at royal derby hospital , during which surgeons sawed through his jawbone and removed part of his tongue. the only drawback is that it still has hairs on it , and he now has to return to the hospital every few weeks to have it shaved. david billing , 48 , had to have part of his tongue removed after being diagnosed with mouth cancer , so doctors made him a new one out of skin from his arm - which still has hairs on it.
david rylance has been jailed for stealing more than # 50,000 from his dying mother , who was suffering from alzheimer 's. a trusted son has been jailed for stealing more than # 50,000 from his dying mother , blowing the cash on gambling , a holiday and cinema tickets. when pensioner margaret rylance realised her money appeared to be going missing from her bank account , her concerns were put down to her having alzheimer 's disease. a # 13,000 fee to move his mother , from south shields , into a care home in january 2013 had to be paid by the council because her bank balance had been diminished by her son 's spending.
some vegetarians start young , as this comical video demonstrates. footage shows three-year-old luiz antonio from brazil being presented with a fanciful dish of octopus gnocchi at the dinner table. ` this octopus is n't real is it ? where 's its head ? is its head in the sea ? did the man hack it -lsb- off -rsb- ? ' the youngster says while grimacing at his dinner plate. scroll down for video. yuck ! footage shows three-year-old luiz antonio from brazil being presented with a fanciful dish of octopus gnocchi at the dinner table. she adds that the creature had to be dissected so it could be eaten.
her neighbour 's leylandii hedge stands 40ft tall and , says audrey alexander , has left parts of her garden in deep shade. despite a 35-year fight to get the trees cut down to size , the council has ruled they can stay. it kicked off 35 years ago when mrs alexander 's aunt found her vegetable patch at the property would not grow anything worth eating because of the leylandii. a row between neighbours over a 40ft high leylandii hedge -lrb- pictured -rrb- has finally come to and end after 35 years. the battle between the neighbouring properties started in 1980 when the owner planted a vegetable patch which withered and died in the shade of her neighbour 's massive hedge.
the national rifle association gathered on saturday to condemn barack obama and hillary clinton as ` elitists ' who will ` dismantle our freedoms and reshape america into an america that you and i will not even recognize '. in the annual meeting that attracts more than 70,000 people , ceo wayne lapierre celebrated the republican majority in the u.s. senate as evidence of the group 's political clout. the motto of the convention in nashville this weekend is : ` if they can ban one , they can ban them all. ' national rifle association members hold hands during the opening prayer at the annual meeting of members at the nra convention saturday april 11 in nashville , tennessee.
a washington television reporter had to duck for cover during his live broadcast when he was stung by bees after a truck carrying millions of them overturned on friday morning. jeff dubois of kiro , struggled to get through his report without swatting and waving his hands around as the bees buzzed around interstate 5. ' during the unexpectedly dangerous report , cameraman damien glitch was stung more than 20 times. scroll down for videos. ouch : jeff dubois swats away one of the hundreds of bees that swarmed around him and his cameraman on friday morning in washington. ' all the while dubois was reporting live , tens of white-suited bee-keepers rushed to save as many of the insects as they could.
australian foreign minister julie bishop has attracted both criticism and applause for her controversial decision to wear a headscarf during her visit to iran. bishop , who is australia 's highest-ranking official to visit iran in 12 years , donned a black headscarf during a meeting with iranian president hassan rouhani and her iranian counterpart mohammad javad zarif. scroll down for video. to veil or not to veil : australia 's foreign minister julie bishop has sparked a debate over her choice to wear a scarf during her visit to iran. ` you respect the culture wherever you are ' : the foreign minister also met with her counterpart mohammad javad zarif , and later defended her wearing of the headscarf that sparked the debate.
eight years ago , after his ac milan team had beaten liverpool to win the champions league final in athens , kaka knelt in the centre circle , spread his arms out wide , tilted his head back and turned his eyes to the skies in a gesture of worship and supplication. the brazilian superstar was wearing a vest on which he had printed the proud statement ' i belong to jesus '. kaka showed off an ' i belong to jesus ' vest after ac milan 's champions league win against liverpool in 2007. the brazilian midfielder , who is deeply religious , was not mocked or ridiculed for the message on his clothes.
if wigan athletic are to be relegated from the sky bet championship , then their new manager gary caldwell would want to see them go down kicking and screaming. martyn waghorn took that a little too literally against millwall , his red card for a senseless kick at dan harding punished by a lions side determined to avoid a similar fate. when waghorn , who played for millwall on loan from leicester in 2013 , lashed out after failing to win a corner on the hour , it was set up for the hosts to claim three precious points. millwall team-mates rush to congratulate substitute magaye gueye after he scored their second goal.
luxury personified : the datai hotel has all the colour and wonder of the emerald city , says maria mcerlane. full-size carved horses illuminated by antique torches guarded the entrance , as beautiful silk sari-clad malaysian staff welcomed us with cocktails. langkawi is an archipelago of 104 islands in the andaman sea , 20 miles off the coast of malaysia. the datai hotel and resort is in the north west of the island. this paradise in the middle of a ten million-year-old rainforest was created in 1990. designed by australian architect kerry hill around datai bay - a white sandy crescent beach voted one of the ten most beautiful in the world , with its magnificent backdrop of jungle and mountains - the resort took three years to complete.
world no 5 caroline wozniacki was invited to the white house on monday to take part in the annual easter egg roll and played tennis with us president barack obama. us president barack obama plays tennis with world no 5 caroline wozniacki during the easter egg roll. obama was n't well dressed for tennis but nevertheless the 53-year-old gave it a good go on monday. obama reacts to scoring a point against wozniacki as the pair enjoy the day hosted at the white house. the white house hosts the easter egg roll every year on the lawn outside , inviting children and their parents to come and hunt for eggs , take part in sports activities and enjoy celebrity appearances.
after decades of snapping at the heels of rival marks & spencer , next has overtaken the company on profits. britain 's biggest fashion retailer has an impressive line in designer copies selling for a fraction of the price of the big labels. or if you fancy yourself in a victoria beckham-style armband shift dress , but would n't remortgage your home to pay for it , the next version could be just the ticket. scroll down for video. victoria beckham had a hit with this armband shift dress -lrb- victoria beckham.com -rrb-. and it 's not just designer clothes that the company is expert at emulating.
a wisconsin church 's four-decade tradition of people mud-wrestling pigs at a summer fundraiser has been cancelled after complaints the animals were ` punched in the face , body slammed and jumped on '. st patrick 's parish in stephensville , wisconsin said in a statement that the original pig rassle will be replaced this august with a human mud foosball tournament. global conservation group , an animal advocacy group , launched an online petition claiming the tournament was inhumane to the pigs. deacon ken bilgrien of st patrick 's parish told christian today on wednesday that the church is moving in a different direction for its 45th annual roundup , but declined to discuss the controversy surrounding the event.
a 17-year-old teen is so allergic to water that even sweating can cause a potentially deadly burning rash. showers have to be quick and cold - long soaks in the bath are out of the question because they trigger burning inflammation. showers have to be quick and cold - long soaks in the bath are out of the question because they trigger burning inflammation. the symptoms can last from a few hours to a week after exposure , reports deseret news. alexandra first realized she had the condition when she developed hives after spending time in a hot tub while on vacation.
president barack obama this morning put a human face on the harmful effects climate change can have on public health - his daughter malia. while making the case that higher temperatures lead to increases in wildfires , which send allergy-causing particulates into the air that can lead to greater and more serious incidents of asthma , the president recalled his own child 's run-in with the disease as a toddler. scroll down for video. president barack obama this morning put a human face on the harmful effects climate change can have on public health - his daughter malia. '' ' the president said he can ` relate to ... the fear a parent has when your four-year-old daughter comes up to you and says , `` daddy , i 'm having trouble breathing.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- a fourth man has been indicted in connection with a plot to provide material support to terrorists and for some of the men to join isis , according to an indictment from brooklyn federal court released monday. dilkhayot kasimov was added to a superseding indictment in which three previously arrested men -- abdurasul hasanovich juraboev , akhror saidakhmetov , and abror habibov -- were charged with two counts of providing support to a foreign terrorist organization. those three have pleaded not guilty. the indictment and a criminal complaint filed last month say juraboev and saidakhmetov planned to join isis and had purchased airline tickets to turkey.
these are just some of the requests made by guests staying with high-end ski-tour company haute montagne. and they were all fulfilled , the firm told mailonline. luxury ski company bramble ski created a private ice bar for guests at one of its chalets in verbier -lrb- stock image -rrb-. the live-in tailor was demanded to make all the ski and apres ski outfits to a group of guests ' personal tastes and cost # 1,700 to hire. the horse and carriage was n't cheap either -- that drained the customer 's account of # 20,000. it was on standby for two weeks at a cost of # 1400 per day.
london broncos are set to give a debut to leeds teenager elliot minchella , who has joined them on loan to the end of the season. the 19-year-old loose forward has made six substitute super league appearances but has failed to break into the rhinos team so far this year. i feel elliot will add competition for places and some quality to our forward pack. ' elliot minchella has joined london broncos on loan from leeds until the end of the season. minchella and his leeds team-mate zak hardaker remain the subject of an investigation by the rhinos into an assault.
but when the newspapers reprinted the soldier the following day , he became properly famous for the rest of his life -- which , as it turned out , lasted just over a fortnight. the love story it tells was unknown until 2000 , when a british library curator made a thrilling discovery : more than 100 letters exchanged between brooke and an art student called phyllis gardner , together with her secret memoir of their relationship , written in 1918. now lorna c. beckett , chair of the rupert brooke society , has turned them into a chronological narrative , adding the background information we need , plus her own comments.
edinson cavani found a novel way of burying bad news , as the psg striker overcame another disappointing night 's work against barcelona with a day out at the zoo. the uruguayan has struggled in the shadow of zlatan ibrahimovic during his time in the french capital , and continued to toil at the camp nou , as laurent blanc 's side went down to a comfortable 2-0 second-leg defeat. edinson cavani strokes the head of a male goat at the animal sanctuary he visited after barcelona defeat. the psg striker beams in a selfie taken with a nonchalant brown bear on his day away from the training ground.
not only did the driver have to perform the manoeuvre , he also had to do it while carrying a bus full of french tourists and under the watchful stare of passersby. the coach driver found himself stuck on slipway , with a queue of cars behind , after he tried to board a ferry in devon only to get turned back. this is the moment that a french coach was forced to perform a u-turn on a river slipway in dartmouth , devon. eyewitnesses feared that one wrong move from the driver and the bus would slid into the estuary.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- just weeks after marvel 's `` daredevil '' premiered its first season on netflix , the company confirmed tuesday that a second season will be coming in 2016. the show focuses on attorney matt murdock -lrb- played by charlie cox -rrb- , who was blinded as a child , as he fights injustice by day using the law. by night , he continues the fight , becoming the superhero daredevil and using his powers to protect the new york neighborhood of hell 's kitchen. `` with tight adherence to its source material 's history , high production quality , and a no-nonsense dramatic flair , daredevil excels as an effective superhero origin story , a gritty procedural , and an exciting action adventure , '' says review site rotten tomatoes.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- all we want for christmas is you , mariah carey ! according to ew , new line cinema is planning a mariah carey christmas movie. producer jonathan shestack confirmed that he is working on the yet-untitled project with carey 's good friend director brett ratner co-producing. `` it 's a little bit about how music can take you back in time , '' shestack told ew. '' here are five reasons this movie has to happen :. it 's the jam ! the '90s are so coming back. the backstreet boys have a documentary out , nbc is bringing the sitcom `` coach '' back to television , jnco jeans are being spotted , and there 's talk of a new version of `` full house.
a woman 's missing wedding ring has turned up after four months - in the family dog 's excrement. nikki balovich had taken off her diamond-encrusted silver ring as she was pregnant and her fingers were swollen. when she could n't find it , she suspected their 90-pound baby mastiff halli had swallowed it up , but there was no way of checking. nikki balovich had taken off her diamond-encrusted silver ring as she was pregnant and her fingers were swollen. when she lost it , she suspected her 90-pound baby mastiff halli had swallowed it. ` my husband was always saying , put them away , put them upstairs -- you 're going to lose them.
there is an old wives ' tale that says the best way to tackle red wine stains on carpets and clothes is to cover them in white wine. in a video , a scientist has revealed how gin and vodka dilute red wine stains , why vinegar is so good at removing mineral deposits on glass , and how spit tackles stubborn food stains in your kitchen. scroll down for video. red wine is red because of pigments known as anthocyanins , which are alcohol soluble. when higher concentrations of clear alcohol , such as gin , vodka or white rum , are poured onto the stain , the colours dissolve into the liquid rather than drying into the carpet.
jurors hearing the boston. marathon bombing trial are barred from attending this year 's. race , a federal judge told the panel on tuesday as part of. instructions ahead of the trial 's sentencing phase. dzhokhar tsarnaev , 21 , was convicted last week of planting. famous marathon in 2013 , killing three people and injuring 264. the same jury that convicted tsarnaev will hear testimony on. whether he should be sentenced to death or life in prison for. scroll down for video. judge george o'toole told jurors in the boston marathon bombing case they are not to attend this year 's race or related events.
earlier this month , a pregnant canadian weather presenter received hate mail from viewers ` grossed out ' by her appearance on their screens. australian presenter and model nicky buckley famously soldiered on with her presenting job on the sale of the century after falling pregnant in 1997 , continuing to wear the glamorous , figure-hugging gowns her job required of her. scroll down for video. speaking to daily mail australia about the book , ` nicky buckley : a memoir ' , she shared just how bad the criticism became. ' i was told i jammed fax machines at channel 9 and newspapers - with faxes coming in from people commenting negatively.
one of several florida teens accused of ganging up on a friend by allowing her to be sexually assaulted was thrown back in jail tuesday for allegedly breaking the conditions of her pre-trial release by threatening the victim online. erica avery was cuffed and hauled out of a broward county courtroom after being accused of using the internet , which itself violated the conditions set just one month prior when she was first released on $ 100,000 bond. scroll down for video. erica avery -lrb- center -rrb- was cuffed and hauled out of a broward county courtroom tuesday after being accused of using the internet , which itself violates the conditions set just one month prior when she was first released on $ 100,000 bond -lrb- here , she is pictured at a prior court date -rrb-.
if you 're bored of crosswords and sick of sudoku , an enigmatic new riddle game may be just the mental challenge you need. a mysterious app called none * gives users only one clue to get started and a keyboard to type their guesses. there are no images , music , animations , sound effects or hints to help users , or indication of what the purpose of the game is exactly. scroll down for video. an intentionally mysterious app called none * gives users only one clue to get started and a keyboard to type their guesses. ' the free app has a pitch black screen and a single clue written in white text , as well as showing a small keyboard.
as a wealth management consultant for a prestigious london firm , craig lister is used to keeping his cool. craig , 54 , is on hormone therapy for prostate cancer , which starves cancer cells by reducing levels of testosterone in the body - and has the side-effect of hot flushes. craig , 54 , was diagnosed with prostate cancer in 2012. ' craig has taken to carrying a spare shirt in his briefcase when he goes to meet clients. ' hormone therapy , usually given in the form of regular injections or implants , is the first treatment offered to men with advanced prostate cancer - where the cancer has spread beyond the prostate.
nicole mayhew had gone to work leaving her spouse scott working on his car in their garage in saratoga springs , utah. but while she was gone , the 43-year-old was seriously injured when the heavy vehicle after the fell off its jack - crushing his chest. scroll down for video. nicole mayhew -lrb- right -rrb- had rushed home after she got a strange feeling she needed to see her husband scott -lrb- left -rrb- to find him trapped under the car. meanwhile mrs mayhew , was at work at the time of the accident , began to get a strange feeling she urgently needed to see her husband.
an artist who turns dead animals into unique works of art has recently come under fire for his bizzare sculptures. sean crawford , from carterton , new zealand , said he picked up his distinctive style after his family taught him about hunting and taxidermy on the farm he grew up on. ` taxidermy was a big part of my culture , ' he told daily mail australia. ' scroll down for video. former plumber sean crawford made a splash at the australian traffic jam gallery with his taxidermy sculptures. after producing works without taxidermy , he decided he wanted to add a more ` natural ' layer to his work.
joke : hayleigh mcbay , of elgin in moray , scotland , pretended to dump her boyfriend david clarke. a teenage girl was left red-faced today after an april fools ' day prank she made on her boyfriend backfired spectacularly. hayleigh mcbay , 17 , pretended to dump david clarke via whatsapp at midnight for a joke. seeing the funny side , hayleigh then uploaded a screenshot of the conversation to twitter , with the caption : ` well , my april fools ' backfired : s. ' the tweet has seen been retweeted more than 12,000 times and favourited more than 11,000.
brendan rodgers has come out fighting after suffering wembley disappointment and insisted he is the right man to lead liverpool next season. another trophyless season is nearing an end after losing to aston villa but rodgers said : ' i do n't think there is anyone better. ' liverpool manager brendan rodgers has backed himself to improve the club next season. steven gerrard -lrb- left -rrb- trains alongside jordan henderson , who signed a new liverpool contract on thursday. adam lallana -lrb- left -rrb- was back in training for liverpool as they prepare to take on west brom. henderson -lrb- left -rrb- shakes hands with captain gerrard on the day he signed a new liverpool contract.
newcastle midfielder rolando aarons may have played his last game this season after suffering another injury setback. the 19-year-old was in contention to play for the club 's under-21s against derby on wednesday evening along with fellow long-term absentee siem de jong. newcastle midfielder rolando aarons has suffered another injury setback and may not play again this season. the 19-year-old was in contention to play for the magpies ' under 21s against derby on wednesday. the magpies declined to comment , but aarons ' loss would be yet another blow to head coach john carver , who has seen his side defeated in each of its last five barclays premier league games amid a suspension and injury crisis which shows few signs of abating.
an art collector today claimed she was robbed of more than # 4million worth of jewellery during a designer handbag snatch in a notorious motorway tunnel in paris. the german woman , who has not been named , was in a taxi which was stuck in traffic shortly after arriving at charles de gaulle airport on wednesday afternoon. it included numerous valuable items including a single ring worth close to # 1million , as well as around 12 other valuable pieces. today the victim told police that all of the items , which also included watches , bracelets , and rings were worth well over # 4million.
and , within seconds , making frantic strokes , i 'm swept up and i 'm swimming. scroll down for video. sarah foot says her affair with open water began on hampstead heath after a local swimming pool closed down , and has taken her to swimming in the north sea off the coast of suffolk -lrb- pictured -rrb-. i love to swim. yet i 'm not one of those athletic people who glide through the water with a sleek , racing crawl. nor am i that hardy chap i read about recently , known as the ` human polar bear ' , who swims round icebergs in the arctic.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- it has all the key points you 'd expect on a birth certificate -- baby 's weight , length and date of birth confirmed with an official insignia. the difference here is the governing authority 's stamp : the islamic state in iraq and syria. for isis sees itself as a government operating under a rule of law , even if the group is most often talked about for its barbaric punishment of anyone who resists or defies its medieval interpretation of that islamic law. the isis documents , some shared with cnn by researcher aymenn al-tamimi , give a window into the bureaucracy of the self-declared caliphate.
these extraordinary pictures show more than 1,700 chinese students taking an exam in their high school 's playground - because they could not all fit inside. the freshmen students from yichuan , shaanxi province took the exam on saturday in the first attempt by the school to allow pupils to sit exams in the open. the paper reported that the grade one students at yichuan senior high school suggested and organised the outdoor exam themselves. the students thought of everything and in order to avoid being dazzled by the sunshine , which may have caused them to feel dizzy , a regular radio announcement ordered pupils to turn their chairs and desks collectively from time to time.
when it comes to pulling out wobbly teeth , some people may reach for the pliers , while others might go for the tried and tested door handle trick. however , professional wrestler robert abercrombie - known as rob venomous in the ring - took a different approach when he tied his son james 's tooth to the back of his muscle car. professional wrestler robert abercrombie , who goes by the name of rob venomous , uploaded this video of him pulling out his eight-year-old son 's wobbly tooth with a chevy muscle car. according to posts on mr abercrombie 's facebook page , his son james had been asking him for days to perform the diy removal before he gave in.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- from the giant sequoias of yosemite to the geysers of yellowstone , the united states ' national parks were made for you and me. though most of the national park service 's 407 sites are free year-round , the 128 parks that charge a fee -- like yellowstone and yosemite -- will be free those two days. it 's all part of national park week , happening april 18 through april 26 , and it 's hosted by the national park service and the national park foundation. check out night-time astronomy parties , daytime revolutionary war programs , earth day parties and family-friendly junior ranger activities at national park sites across the country.
a report to the french government is urging eateries and customers to embrace ` le doggy bag ' in a bid to reduce the staggering amount of food thrown away each year. socialist mp guillaume garot , the author of the study , said while the popular us practice was previously ` unthinkable ' for snooty diners and chefs , a change in attitudes could save france up to $ 20 billion -lrb- # 14 billion -rrb- a year. french diners have previously seen doggy bags - popular in america and the uk - as 'em barrassing ' , but one mp has said increasing their use would stop the country wasting huge amounts of food.
the parents of elijah cook were worried he may be born deaf. but after the baby boy was confirmed to be profoundly deaf in his left ear and only able to hear 75 decibels in his right , the couple from andova , minnesota , were afforded something neither of their parents were. amazing moment : elijah cook was last month fitted with hearing aids that allowed him to properly hear the voice of his mother , ahavah cook , for the first time. all smiles : tests confirmed he was profoundly death in his left ear and only able to hear 75 decibels in his right , but doctors decided to fit him with hearing aids as soon as possible.
two years since he stepped down as chairman of rangers , the crackle of gunfire still reverberates in his ears. dave king , the chairman-elect , has still to obtain the sfa clearance he needs for a seat in the boardroom. and the championship promotion play-offs threaten more landmines than the somme. yet before participating in the annual charity golf day of the john hartson foundation , the rangers icon expressed hope that the worst is over. -lrb- left to right -rrb- : singer steve mccrorie joins john hartson and walter smith at a charity golf match. former rangers chairman and manager smith hopes that the club can move on from its off-field dramas.
the eye is one of the most complex yet delicate part of the human body. now engineers claim to have designed a range of synthetic eyes that may one day let us replace and even enhance our own sense of vision. italian bio-designers mhox has unveiled project is has been working on to 3d print organic tissues to produce working body parts that can replace the eyes of people suffering from disease. the mhox eye concept -lrb- above -rrb- is designed to replace and even enhance the vision compared to a normal eye. the group plan to combine the biological tissue with microscopic wireless technology to provide additional functions and give super human eyesight.
more than a dozen people were injured on thursday night after a stage collapsed during an indiana public high school theater performance , sending students plummeting 10 feet into an orchestra pit. one of the victims suffered critical head trauma as the stage fell half-way through a song during a sold-out showing of american pie at westfield high school. terrible : tragedy struck thursday night at an indiana high school 's performance of the musical american pie. buckled : just as the entire cast danced on-stage for the finale , the platform beneath them collapsed. shocking : the performers plummeted through the wooden riser in a spectacle so unbelievable that some audience members initially believed it was choreographed.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- it 's easy to be anxious about the threat posed by the islamic state of iraq and syria. after all , this is a brutal organization that not only kills but seems to revel in doing so in ways designed to shock the world -- from the beheadings of journalists to burning a jordanian pilot alive. and although it 's important to start with the caveat that isis is indeed trying to scare and confuse us , i took away some tentative lessons from speaking with the people who have traveled inside the minds of isis. first , isis is clearly about religion -- its version of radical islam -- but it is also about power.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- richard dysart , the award-winning stage actor who gained fame playing law firm leader leland mckenzie on `` l.a. law , '' has died. he died of cancer at his home in santa monica , california , according to his wife , kathryn jacobi dysart. ` l.a. law ' : sex , crime and the ` venus butterfly ' mckenzie usually took a back seat to the younger , more glamorous characters on `` law , '' a steven bochco-created legal show that owed much to his previous hit , `` hill street blues. '' the employees of mckenzie , brackman , chaney and kuzak included harry hamlin 's smooth-talking michael kuzak , corbin bernsen 's skirt-chasing divorce attorney arnie becker and michele greene 's idealistic abby perkins.
the arkansas judge who posted private details of charlize theron 's adoption of her son has been forced to hand in his law licence because of a bribery conviction in a separate case. by surrendering his licence , circuit judge michael maggio has avoided a disciplinary hearing over the conviction , for which he faces up to 10 years in prison and a $ 250,000 fine when he is sentenced in july. charlize theron pictured with jackson , the boy she adopted from her native south africa. michael maggio revealed the hollywood actress had adopted two months before she announced it publically.
in a double hit for thousands of holidaymakers trying to leave britain today , strikes by french air traffic controllers and new border control checks threaten severe delays. air passengers face up to three days of disruption , with british airways , easyjet , ryanair and flybe among the airlines forced to cancel dozens of flights. scroll down for video. delays : easyjet is one of many airlines set to cancel flights over a strike by french air traffic controllers over the next three days -lrb- file photo -rrb-. chaos : new passport regulations could cause queues on roads leading to dover and folkestone -lrb- file photo -rrb-.
from working sunrise until sunset to a heart-warming embrace between a girl and her horse - these stunning pictures give city dwellers a glimpse into the life and hardships faced by australians who live in our country 's most regional areas. locals describe the amateur competition as a chance to showcase the best the bush has to offer. marie muldoon won this years competition with a touching photo of her daughter cuddling up to a horse , titled true love. the moving photograph which speaks to the intrinsic link between man and animal was voted the overall winner , also snagging the people 's choice award.
it took louis van gaal less than a minute of his weekly press conference to burst manchester united 's bubble and re-open some of the more troubling issues of his time in charge at old trafford. the dutchman wasted no time in revealing that michael carrick , daley blind , phil jones and marcos rojo will miss the much-anticipated clash with chelsea at stamford bridge through injury. ` the worst scenario , ' van gaal called it. wayne rooney arrives in london ahead of the chelsea clash while ashley young -lrb- right -rrb- poses with a fan. manchester united captain wayne rooney could be dropped further back into midfield against chelsea.
havana ? the vatican says pope francis may add another leg to his trip to the united states this september , visiting cuba just months after he helped negotiate a diplomatic thaw between the two nations. in response to reporters ' questions , vatican spokesman the rev. federico lombardi said in a statement , `` the holy father has taken into consideration the idea of making a stop in cuba '' on his way to or from the united states this september. francis , the first pontiff to hail from latin america , played a key role in the re-establishment of diplomatic relations between cuba and the united states , earning praise from both president barack obama and cuban president raul castro.
a dog who was living in a shelter for the past five years has finally gone home to a loving family in new york state after his photo was shared on social media. chester , a 6-year-old pit bull mix , had been housed at the north fork animal welfare league on long island. the poor pooch had been living in new york state shelters since 2010 and it looked as though things were going to remain that way , until a picture that was shared online garnered sympathy from across the country. scroll down for video. long-time coming : chester , a six-year-old pit bull , was found as a stray and had been living in shelters for the past five years.
michelle obama 's loyal chief of staff , who 's been with her since she moved in to the white house , left the first family behind this month. kristen jarvis , 34 , is moving on from washington after seven years of acting as the first lady 's go-to gal and constant companion for nearly all her daily tasks. moving on : kristen jarvis -lrb- at right with sasha and malia in 2009 -rrb- has left the obamas after seven years as michelle 's fiercely loyal chief of staff. jarvis , who 's moving on to become the ford foundation president darren walker 's chief of staff , admits she did not share michelle 's love of d.c. workout craze solidcore.
kevin pietersen suffered an early-season setback after he was taken off the field during surrey 's match against oxford university with a minor injury. pietersen was taken off as a precaution at the parks after being hit on the hand whilst fielding close-in during oxford 's second innings. the surrey batsman stayed down momentarily before moving gingerly and leaving the field. kevin pietersen has been injured in the field while playing for surrey against oxford mccu. the former england star is hoping to win back his test place with a return to red ball cricket. pietersen was fielding at leg slip off the bowling of gareth batty.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- so , you 'd like a `` full house '' reunion and spinoff ? you got it , dude ! co-star john stamos announced monday night on `` jimmy kimmel live '' that netflix has ordered up a reunion special , followed by a spinoff series called `` fuller house. '' the show will feature candace cameron bure , who played eldest daughter d.j. tanner in the original series -- which aired from 1987 to 1995 -- as the recently widowed mother of three boys. jodie sweetin , who played stephanie tanner in the original series , and andrea barber , who portrayed d.j. 's best friend kimmy gibbler , will both return for the new series , netflix said.
a large protest opposing the closure of remote indigenous communities in wa has shut down streets in central melbourne. ` enough is enough - where is the justice for aboriginal people ? ' a speaker shouted to the crowd before the walk through cbd streets , flanked by police. this comes as the queensland police service refuses to issue an apology to an indigenous officer after claims the word ` abor ' was written on his station roster by a senior sergeant , the abc reports. protesters march through the streets of melbourne on friday afternoon against government plans to close down remote indigenous communities in western australia.
a woman who threatened to jump to her death off a new york city bridge was saved by a group of hero cops who spent more than two hours talking the woman out of jumping. the unidentified woman from greenpoint , brooklyn , was apparently distraught over her troubled marriage. scroll down for video. a woman walked on to new york city 's kosciuszko bridge from the brooklyn side on monday just before noon , climbed over the railing and stood on a section of metal piping 125 feet above newtown creek. police arrived on scene at about 11.50 am and spent more than two hours talking to the woman and trying to calm her down.
a south african writer has claimed australia is more racist than her homeland - where segregation by skin colour used to be law. as a journalist and an activist , she has spent years writing about and commenting on human rights , race relations and government accountability in south africa , including a stint working for the united nations. however , upon relocating she said she 's been faced with the realisation , that much like her native south africa : ` the deepest and most abiding forms of racism ' in australia are directed toward our own indigenous population. ' a lot of the people i speak with say ` i just treat you as a human , i do n't see race ' but they have to remember that people have different experiences because of their race everyday ' ` when i say something or someone is racist , it 's not meant to be the worst insult in the world , people really get their backs up and this has only made the conversation about race so immature , ' she told daily mail australia.
north korean leader kim jong un has backed out of next month 's visit to moscow for world war ii anniversary celebrations , kremlin spokesman dmitry peskov said thursday. `` the decision is connected with north korean domestic affairs. '' the visit was highly anticipated because it would have marked kim 's first official foreign trip since inheriting the leadership of north korea in late 2011. he was to have met with russian president vladimir putin as part of the may visit to coincide with victory day , marking the 70th anniversary of the soviet union 's victory over nazi germany in world war ii.
gerry adams has sparked outrage over comments he made on us television about notorious abduction and murder of jean mcconville. sinn fein president gerry adams has described the notorious abduction and murder of jean mcconville as ` what happens in wars '. the comments have angered relatives of mrs mcconville , whose abduction , disappearance and subsequent murder became one of the most shocking events of the troubles. she was 37 when she was taken by a masked gang from her home in belfast in front of her children. she was accused by republicans of being a british army informer , suffocated with a plastic bag and shot dead.
depression : nurse victorino chua wrote a long note in which he said he had ' a devil in me ' , manchester crown court has heard. a nurse accused of murdering three patients in a hospital poisoning spree warned there was ` a devil ' in him , a jury heard yesterday. victorino chua penned what he called a ` bitter nurse confession ' in which he spelled out ` how an angel can turn to an evil person '. ' chua is accused of killing three patients by contaminating their saline drips with insulin and deliberately poisoning 18 others at stepping hill hospital in stockport between 2011 and 2012.
have you ever wondered exactly what happens to the unused toiletries in hotel room bathrooms ? or how a hotel handles it if a guest dies during their stay ? hotel industry insider turned author jacob tomsky shares his tales from working in two top hotels in new orleans and new york city and provides lots of little-known tips to ensure guests make the most of every hotel stay. hotel industry insider turned author , jacob tomsky , reveals the most common items people take from hotels. what are some of the most common items that people take from hotels ? without a doubt , toiletries and towels are definitely the most popular items for guests to pocket , according to jacob tomsky , author of heads in beds : a reckless memoir of hotels , hustles , and so-called hospitality.
tiger woods was charm personified. tiger woods is the 111th best golfer in the world. you can grin your way through life as the 111th best golfer in the world. tiger woods was all smiles as he played a practice around ahead of his 20th appearance at the masters. the former best player in the world arrives at augusta ranked a lowly 111th in the game. woods name appears on the masters ' tournament winner 's board four times ; 1997 , 2001 , 2002 and 2005. and then he was asked where a win this week , from one ranking place lower than tomohiro kondo of japan , at a point in his career when it was wondered whether he would be seen on the golf course as a competing professional again , would rank in his career achievements.
all but one of 10 former atlanta public school educators convicted in a widespread conspiracy to inflate student scores on standardized tests were sentenced to jail time on tuesday , as the judge called the cheating scandal ` the sickest thing that 's ever happened in this town. ' fulton county superior court judge jerry baxter had delayed sentencing by a day and encouraged all to negotiate deals with prosecutors. in both those cases , baxter followed the state 's recommendations : he gave a former teacher a 7 p.m. to 7 a.m. curfew at home for one year and a former testing coordinator six months of weekends spent in jail.
michelle obama has issued a warning to motorists in the washington d.c. area that her eldest daughter is now a licensed driver who is sometimes allowed to go out driving on her own. although malia receives protection from the secret service , mrs. obama revealed that she does get to drive outside the white house grounds on her own. scroll down for video. michelle obama made a special appearance on live ! with kelly and michael broadcast from the white house on monday. the first lady jokingly issued a warning to motorists in the washington d.c. area that eldest daughter malia is now a licensed driver who is sometimes allowed to go out driving on her own.
the man who was sat in the car with walter scott moments before his fatal shooting has broken his silence. pierre fulton was in the passenger seat when officer michael slager pulled them over for a broken tail light. when scott fled , fulton and another officer stood by the mercedes watching in shock as slager chased him into a park and shot him dead. now , as slager faces murder charges and national scrutiny , fulton 's attorney has released a statement. scroll down for audio and video. ` he did n't deserve to die ' : pierre fulton , who was in the car with walter scott when officer michael slager pulled them over for a broken tail light , has broken his silence.
a woman was reportedly spotted threatening people with ' a dildo in each hand ' during an altercation outside a grafton pub. an eye-witnesses said a fight broke out inside roches family hotel late friday night before it spilled out onto victoria road. a woman was reportedly spotted threatening people with ' a dildo in each hand ' during an altercation outside roches family hotel in grafton. ' grafton police confirmed they attended the scene however no one made a formal complaint about the woman or her strange choice of weaponry. mr weller said there were at least five or six girls fighting on the streets before police arrived.
huddersfield coach paul anderson is hoping to kick-start his side 's misfiring attack to match the efficiency of their defence as they look to start climbing back up the super league ladder. the giants have plummeted from third to ninth after losing all three games over the easter holiday period but they go into sunday 's home game against catalans dragons with the best defensive record in the league. paul anderson is hoping to kick-start his hudderfield side 's misfiring attack to climb up super league. the giants have plummeted from third to ninth after losing all three games over the easter holiday period.
first it was revealed that lashings of baby oil were used to keep aidan turner 's rippling torso looking suitably divine in the hit bbc sunday night series poldark. a good smattering ! has actor aidan turner , who has admitted to using baby oil to show off his physique to maximum effect , been ` manscaping ' his once-hairy chest in favour of a less hirsute look ? definitely no ` scything ' here ... aidan 's chest hair looks distinctly more unkempt in this photo shoot for bbc comedy drama being human , which aired earlier this year. new images have emerged of the irish star , whose brooding good looks have seen him capture a million hearts , looking a little more , shall we say , hirsute.
they are famous for their exquisite sashimi , succulent yakitori -lrb- grilled chicken on skewers -rrb- and mouthwatering soba noodles. but the japanese have taken their culinary expertise to a whole new level with their newest cooking series. the action in this cookery programme takes place in the tiniest kitchen in the world , and demonstrates how to make perfectly formed miniature versions of classic foods. scroll down for video. a tiny strawberry cake made with cut out bread , one strawberry and covered in frosting and coloured balls. miniature space , a cooking show which has taken the internet by storm , has easy-to follow videos of how to make all kinds of fun-sized food , from noodle dishes and cheeseburgers to tagines , fried chicken and even cake.
the secret service took more than a year to replace a broken alarm system at the home of george h.w. bush , it has emerged. the alarm failed at the former president 's houston residence in september 2013 and even though the secret service bought a replacement system in january 2014 , it took until december for it to be installed - leaving the couple without the protection of a working alarm at their home for 15 months. the oversight - just the latest in a string of blunders by the agency - was revealed in a report by the department of homeland security office of inspector general , which was released on thursday.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- lauren hill , who took her inspirational fight against brain cancer onto the basketball court and into the hearts of many , has died at age 19. the indiana woman 's story became known around the world last year when she was able to realize her dream of playing college basketball. mount st. joseph university in cincinnati successfully petitioned the ncaa to move up the opening game of its schedule to accommodate her desire to play. at a ceremony honoring her life on the school 's campus friday afternoon , head coach dan benjamin said the toughest thing a coach has to deal with is a loss.
marion ` suge ' knight has been rushed to hospital for an unspecified medical emergency after a judge ruled on thursday that he will stand trial on murder and attempted-murder charges. the former rap music mogul struck two men with his pickup truck in january , killing one and seriously injuring the other. los angeles sheriff 's spokeswoman nicole nishida says knight was transported to a hospital from the downtown courthouse. scroll down for video. ` suge ' knight , pictured above on april 8 , will stand trial on murder and attempted-murder charges following a hit-and-run , an la judge said on thursday.
the parents of young cancer sufferers now expect to be offered the same treatment as ashya king , one of his doctors has said. clinicians are in an ` impossible situation ' as a result of the king family 's flight to spain after disagreeing with doctors who were treating him in the uk. doctors and nurses who treated ashya king have criticised his parents while speaking out for the first time in a bbc documentary. scroll down for video. ashya was being treated in southampton when his parents took him from the hospital and fled abroad without telling staff last year.
it also prompted thousands of comments including the suggestion that the child was a cia agent brought in to damage the president 's reputation. the phjoto was shared thousands of times and prompted a series of fake pictures , including the one above. however , his supporters quickly rallied behind him and used the hashtag #wearewithyoumashi to fight back. according to the bbc , the boy 's mother said that her son had not known the meaning of the t-shirt himself and she is quoted as saying : ` we do n't want to shame the president '. correa , who was first elected in 2006 , is popular among ecuadorians for his government 's social spending but has also faced criticism for intolerance of dissent .
as for martin allen and barnet , they will land in benidorm on wednesday afternoon as conference champions. regaining their football league status after a two-year absence came down to 90 minutes against gateshead. lose or draw , and it went to bristol rovers. the man known as mad dog predicted they would win promotion to league two long before it was confirmed on saturday. barnet celebrate with the conference trophy after securing a return to the football league. mauro vilhete -lrb- right -rrb- scored a brace for barnet as they overcame gateshead to secure promotion. the title-winning victory ensures martin allen 's fourth spell in charge of the club would be his most successful.
kenny jackett has told his wolves players they must maintain their focus and follow up victory over nottingham forest with another over leeds united on monday. the wolves boss believes it is now just the top eight in the sky bet championship who are fighting it out for the play-off places , with their 2-1 success at the city ground all but ending the reds ' chances of making a late push. wolves were fired on by a goal just 30 seconds into the second half from benik afobe , followed by a bakary sako penalty in the 72nd minute. bakary sako celebrates after scoring wolves ' second goal in a 2-1 win at nottingham forest on good friday.
another day at melwood , another awkward conversation with brendan rodgers for raheem sterling. once again the 20-year-old liverpool forward has been rather stupid. what will perhaps stand rather more impressively in his favour is some of the football sterling produced in this rather important win for liverpool. raheem sterling wheels away in celebration after scoring liverpool 's opener in the first half at anfield. liverpool -lrb- 4-3-3 -rrb- : mignolet 7 ; johnson 6 , lovren 5 , can 6.5 , moreno 6 ; henderson 7 , allen 6.5 , lucas 7 ; ibe 6 -lrb- borini 58 , 6 -rrb- , coutinho 7.5 , sterling 7 -lrb- lambert 89 -rrb-.
when it launched eight years ago , cruise company azamara decided to make a name for itself , literally. the line - part of the royal caribbean group - has two ships in its fleet , journey and quest , which each carry about 680 passengers. the azamara club cruises ' quest vessel carries about 680 passengers , making it a more intimate voyage. the size of the ship means it is able to access ports that are off-limits to the bigger vessels. you can enjoy ` standard spirits , international beers and wines at all ship bars during regular bar hours ' for no extra charge - and ` gratuities ' on azamara are included in the basic cost.
it may have been bugs bunny 's favourite treat but an animal charity has warned that too many carrots are making the nation 's pet rabbits fat. the pdsa has said that obesity levels in pets is at an all-time high , with experts predicting that more than half will be classed as overweight within five years. around one in three dogs and one in four cats are already said to be overweight. scroll down for video. grace the giant overweight rabbit has joined the pdsa 's annual pet fit club competition for overweight animals. carrots were named as the worst culprit as the vegetables are very high in sugar and so should only ever be given as the occasional treat , not as regular feed.
philip gigante , 41 , whose grandfather vincent ` the chin ' gigante was the head of the genovese crime family , was elected into the positions by residents of airmont , which has a population of around 9,000. the republican real-estate lawyer , who will get $ 25,000 a year for the part time job , hopes his ` achievements and accomplishments ' are what constituents notice , and not his heritage. crime family ties : philip gigante , 41 , whose grandfather vincent ` the chin ' gigante was the head of the genovese crime family , was elected into the positions by residents of airmont , new york.
stoke chief executive tony scholes is hopeful they can keep hold of asmir begovic as the goalkeeper approaches the final year of his contract. the bosnia international has regularly been linked with other clubs during his time at the britannia stadium , and although his current deal has just over 12 months to run , scholes believes they can match the 27-year-old 's ambitions. ` clearly asmir is a terrific goalkeeper and we are very keen to keep him at the club , ' he told the sentinel. stoke city are hopeful they can keep hold of goalkeeper asmir begovic as he enters the final of his contract.
wylie brys -lrb- pictured -rrb- and his dad , dallas zookeper tim brys , were digging for fossils near a grocery store when wylie found the dinosaur bones. a five-year-old boy in dallas has had the once-in-a-lifetime opportunity of discovering 100million-year-old dinosaur bones while searching for fossils with his dad. wylie brys was digging with his dad , tim brys , back in september at a construction site near a mansfield , texas , grocery store when he made the ancient discovery. ' the pair had been finding fish vertebrae , but when wylie came back with the bone , brys asked him to take him to where he found it , according to ksax.
which player is the second-highest scorer in the country this season ? stand up and take a bow anyone who came up with benik afobe , who was one of arsenal 's own before they loaned him to mk dons and sold him to wolves. afobe is young , electric-paced and on 28 goals this season - one behind man-of-the-moment harry kane of tottenham and england. bakary sako celebrates after scoring wolves second goal in a 2-1 win at nottingham forest on good friday. sako doubled wolves ' advantage from the penalty spot after he was fouled by forest 's henri lansbury.
it 's going to be a whopper. joel burger , 24 , and proposed to his 23-year-old girlfriend ashley king. what a combo ! joel burger popped the question to ashley king - paving the way for a burger-king wedding. having it their way ... the couple revealed they plan to serve drinks in personalized burger king cups. friends since kindergarten , the pair from new berlin , illinois , went through high school together but did n't start dating until they were about to part ways for college - ashley to the university of illinois springfield , joel to monmouth.
graeme mcdowell admits he has sometimes needed to spend time in a padded room after failing to get to grips with the challenges posed by augusta national. but the former us open champion is optimistic he can improve on his masters record this week after overcoming an ankle injury which forced him to withdraw from the valero texas open last month. graeme mcdowell has vowed to play ` aggressive ' golf to help improve his poor masters record. ' mcdowell has made the cut just twice in seven attempts in the masters - although he finished 17th in 2009 and 12th in 2012 - and concedes the long course does not suit his game.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- espn 's britt mchenry this week found herself in the news , rather than reporting on it , after a video surfaced showing her berating and belittling an employee of a tow company in arlington , virginia. mchenry quickly issued an apology , blaming the incident on a moment of intense frustration but admitting her mistake and accepting responsibility. '' espn , meanwhile , announced that mchenry would be suspended for a week. the video that was released -- by the tow company -- was heavily edited and included only mchenry 's responses , not the comments of the employee who may have provoked her and contributed to an argument that clearly escalates as the video goes on.
an offensive attempt by a men 's magazine to commemorate fallen anzac soldiers has backfired as social media users and the department of veteran affairs condemn the crude ` commemorative issue '. the department of veteran affairs -lrb- dva -rrb- said the word ` anzac ' is protected by federal legislation since 1920 and is not authorised to be used for commercial purposes - like zoo weekly 's ` special anzac centenary issue ' - without express permission from the minister for veterans ' affairs. scroll down for video. zoo weekly removed images of a bikini clad woman holding a red poppy after being criticised by the department of veteran affairs for using the word ` anzac ' without permission.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- they used to do the guarding at florida prisons. two florida corrections officers and one former officer trainee have been charged in a plot to kill a former inmate who was getting out of prison , the florida attorney general 's office said thursday. an fbi informant met the men -- thomas jordan driver , 25 ; david elliot moran , 47 ; and charles thomas newcomb , 42 -- after infiltrating a branch of the kkk : the traditional american knights of the ku klux klan , cnn affiliate wjxt reported. driver told the informant that he had gotten into a fight with the inmate and that he and moran wanted him `` six feet under , '' according to court documents.
after picking up a green rocking chair that he acquired for free from online advertisement site kijiji , the traveller attached his trailer and set off on the nine-day journey. he wears a green hoody , blue jacket and hat -- clothing items that remain a running theme throughout the course of the video. the pair sit and mimic the plane 's wings before shaking hands and waving goodbye to one another , to allow mr kallai to continue his adventure on his own. the traveller wears a green hoody , blue jacket and hat in every clip of himself in the video.
melbourne radio broadcaster john burns has been revealed as the media personality alleged to have vilified richmond 's bachar houli. burns , who hosts 3aw morning show ross and john with ross stevenson , is alleged to have referred to houli as a ` terrorist ' at a club function at the mcg on friday night during the tigers ' match against melbourne. the radio station confirmed a complaint has been made against mr burns and said he does n't recall making the comment , and is ` mortified ' by the allegation. mr burns spoke to 3aw 's tom elliott on monday afternoon and said that while he did n't recall making such a comment , he apologised unreservedly if any offence had been caused.
abu dhabi , united arab emirates -lrb- cnn -rrb- lost luggage after a long flight is a common , frustrating occurrence of modern air travel. american jennifer stewart says she was devastated to learn that etihad airways lost her most important baggage following a recent trip from abu dhabi to new york city : her 2-year-old pet cat , felix. stewart said that she and her husband , joseph naaman , booked felix on their etihad airways flight from the united arab emirates to new york 's john f. kennedy international airport on april 1. shortly after the plane arrived in new york that evening , felix went missing somewhere on the grounds of kennedy airport , according to etihad airways.
british officers were forced to accept the four-day inspection from the experts from moscow despite heightened tensions with vladimir putin. russian military inspectors have arrived at a huge nato war games exercise off the coast of scotland , it emerged yesterday. british officers were forced to accept the four-day inspection from the experts from moscow under a european arms control treaty despite heightened tensions with vladimir putin. britain and 11 other nato countries are set to contribute to the naval exercise , which was hailed by the government as one of the largest land , air , and sea training exercises run in europe.
sending dozens of messages or playing games for hours can cause your phone to overheat , which can drain battery and even damage the device. now an israeli team of developers has built a ` thermal protection ' case that not only warns you when your phone is getting too hot , it will automatically cool it down. called amited , the case uses micro-fans to blow heat away from the device , or can heat a phone using resistance coils if it gets too cold. scroll down for video. sensors in the case monitor the phone 's temperature and if it gets too hot , optimal will cool the device using two built-in micro-fans.
i 've had close-up experience with three of the world 's five surviving species of rhino : the white rhino looks like the main battle tank of an extra-terrestrial army , while the black is more like a hot-rod armoured car. you feel as if you 've slipped back into the jurassic era and were looking at some great horned dinosaur , for they could n't possibly be part of the 21st century. it 's as if the creatures of the past had suddenly invaded the present , as if the lost world of sir arthur conan doyle had been found again.
leicester city midfielder esteban cambiasso knows what it feels like to claim football 's biggest prizes but says saving the premier league strugglers from relegation would be one of the highlights of his career. cambiasso , a former argentina international , claimed five serie a titles at previous club inter milan where he also won the champions league in 2010. leicester city midfielder esteban cambiasso -lrb- left -rrb- says beating relegation would be like winning a trophy. he joined leicester last summer on a free transfer and signed a one-year deal at the king power stadium. ` for me , winning a cup or winning the league with another team is the same now as having the possibility to save leicester in the premier league.
a student who was left with an unsightly cauliflower ear following a botched piercing says she wishes she had listened to her mother who told her not to get it done. but when the piercing became inflamed , remmie was forced to remove the bar - and the resulting wound healed into a hazelnut-sized lump known as a keloid scar. scroll down for video. unsightly : remmie was left with a hazelnut sized scar on the top of her ear following a piercing. i had it done to look different , i look different now but not in a good way.
a video has emerged that shows the horrifying moment two french backpackers attempted to torch a native australian quokka. the men told fairfax media outside court on saturday , ` you think we 're monsters ? we did n't hurt the quokka. we have pets at home. ' scroll down for video. video has emerged showing the horrific moment two french tourists set alight an australian quokka. using a deodorant can and lighter , the men torch the defenseless creature which quickly scampers away. both men are heard laughing uncontrollably after igniting the quokka before one said ` do n't do that , why ? ' the creature survived the incident by scampering away , but was singed by the flame.
the mighty boot of marcelo bosch kept the english flag flying in europe as the argentinian kicked saracens through to the champions cup semi-finals with a famous last-minute penalty. no chorus of boos or whistles would stop the sweet strike rising above the 1950s tower blocks in the colombes suburbs , with the ice cool 31-year-old mobbed by players and coaches as racing metro 92 were unceremoniously dumped out of the competition. referee nigel owens was escorted off the pitch by security but his call -- penalising replacement lock fabrice metz with 10 seconds left on the clock -- was the correct decision and ensured a classic finale to match bereft or flair and finesse.
this is the incredible moment a car being driven by an isis suicide bomber detonates mid-air seconds after it is blasted skywards by an explosion on the ground. video shows the jihadi attempting to launch an attack on kurdish peshmerga forces , reportedly near kirkuk in northern iraq. just as it begins to fall back down to earth , the car detonates like a firework , either due to the explosives on board or the fuel tank igniting. blown sky high : footage shows a suicide bomber 's car being catapulted into the air after apparently hitting a road-side bomb while trying to launch an attack on kurdish peshmerga forces near kirkuk in northern iraq.
nick clegg today revealed he struggled with maths at school , as he prepares to launch his election manifesto which will promise to balance the nation 's books ` fairly '. he will use tomorrow 's manifesto launch to promise a ` stronger economy and a fairer society ' , and accuse the tories of wanting to embark on an unnecessarily deep cuts. lib dem leader nick clegg today revealed he struggled with maths at school , as he prepares to launch his election manifesto which will promise to balance the nation 's books ` fairly ' mr clegg has promised to ` spread the burden ' of deficit reduction , with cuts to benefits and whitehall budgets along with tax rises aimed at the very wealthy.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- the arrest and death of freddie gray in baltimore has sparked protests and accusations of police brutality. but it 's unclear how gray , who was arrested on a weapons charge april 12 , suffered a severe spinal cord injury that led to his death seven days later. what we know : gray was arrested on a weapons charge in a high-crime area of baltimore known for drugs. he `` gave up without the use of force , '' baltimore deputy police commissioner jerry rodriguez said last week. an officer apparently took his taser out and was prepared to use it on gray , but he never deployed it , rodriguez said.
jordan henderson is seeking a new contract worth # 100,000 per week before committing his long-term future to liverpool. the club 's vice-captain wants to stay at anfield but he is approaching the final year of his # 60,000-per-week contract and is yet to sign an extension. talks over a new deal are well underway and henderson has already rejected a five-year deal worth # 80,000 per week. jordan henderson is seeking a new # 100,000-a-week contract before committing his future to liverpool. the liverpool vice-captain scored from the penalty spot during the 4-1 defeat by arsenal on saturday. and sportsmail understands an improved offer worth # 5.2 million per year will be enough for liverpool to cement henderson 's long-term future.
young professional footballers can be an easy target with some of their behaviour but on thursday afternoon it was refreshing to sit down and talk with danny welbeck. we discussed life at arsenal , scoring against manchester united and his fa cup dreams. you can watch the full interview on football focus on bbc one today at 12.10 pm and reading 's semi-final with arsenal live on bbc one from 5.05 pm. danny welbeck talks to sportsmail 's martin keown ahead of arsenal 's fa cup semi-final against reading. martin keown : you 've played at wembley many times and you 've played in a semi-final as well but you 're now one step away from an fa cup final.
skyfaring. our fascination with aeroplanes , and the men who fly them -lrb- it is still overwhelmingly men -rrb- , has acquired a morbid flavour since germanwings flight 9525 was deliberately crashed into the french alps by its troubled co-pilot andreas lubitz. the tragedy ignited an ongoing debate about stress and depression among pilots , and airline vetting procedures , in which just about all of us have a vested interest. this makes mark vanhoenacker 's book , unwittingly , very timely indeed. when he was writing it he had never heard of lubitz , of course , but nor does he dwell on the horrors of 9/11 or any other plane crashes either accidental or premeditated.
the codpieces used in the hit bbc drama wolf hall were too small and should have been double the size , according to an expert. this is one of a number of inaccuracy spotted in the big budget adaptation of hilary mantel 's books and was said to have been done so as not to offend and baffle the shows american audience. homeland star damian lewis played henry viii in the six-part series on the rapid rise to power of sir thomas cromwell in king henry 's court. ` they 're way too small to be accurate -- they should be at least double the size , ' said the cambridge academic , according to the guardian.
just one crème egg will take 19 minutes of skipping to burn off , and contains almost seven teaspoons of sugar. that 's more than half of the 50g of sugar the world health organisation -lrb- who -rrb- recommends per day. and a kit kat chunky easter egg - and the chocolate bar that comes with it - will take three 45 minute cycle classes to work off. the egg contains an incredible 24 teaspoons of sugar at 95.5 g , almost double the amount the who recommends in a day. here , exercise coaches recommend how you can offset the calories you might consume this weekend.
an undercover police officer who was captured on video ranting at an uber driver is assigned to the joint terrorism task force , it has emerged. the new york police department 's internal affairs bureau is investigating the incident after the footage was posted online involving detective patrick cherry. scroll down for video. detective patrick cherry , pictured in the blue shirt , launched his tirade after the uber driver hooted at him. the driver , named only as humayun , pictured , tried to repeatedly apologise to detective cherry. the officer has been named by the new york daily news as detective patrick cherry of the nypd 's joint terrorism task force.
this picture shows the dramatic moment a ` hero ' police officer smashed a car window to save a baby trapped in the vehicle on one of the hottest days of the year. the boy 's mother frantically tried to open the door when the keys to her range rover were locked inside and the eight-month-old boy was stuck in the car alone as temperatures hit almost 23c yesterday. the incident occurred when temperatures peaked at 22.8 c at st james 's park in london - making it the second hottest day of the year so far beaten only by today when temperatures soared in the capital to nearly 24c.
breakthrough by jack andraka with matthew lysiak. jack andraka is just 18 , yet his newly-published memoir carries a blurb from barack obama. jack 's short life has been packed with incident , but there was little in his background to suggest that he would become a teenage celebrity. he was born in 1997 and grew up in suburban maryland with his elder brother , luke , and parents , jane , a nurse , and steve , a civil engineer. at home , the basement became a laboratory , from where luke 's attempt to turn a microwave into a ray gun plunged the entire neighbourhood into darkness.
alice barker snapped her fingers and sang along as videos of her routines as a chorus line dancer during the 1930s harlem renaissance played on the screen. barker had danced at legendary clubs like the apollo , cotton club and zanzibar club , and had appeared in movies commercials and television shows. barker -lrb- pictured far right in the video -rrb- snapped her fingers and sang along as videos of her routines as a chorus line dancer during the 1930s harlem renaissance played on the screen. it was david shuff , who met barker years ago when he brought his therapy dog to her retirement home , that finally reunited the one-time famous dancer with her videos.
the 47-year-old was invited to join other international celebrity guests onboard boats in the six-strong fleet for the start of the sixth leg , from itajaí to newport , rhode island , u.s.. as the fleet headed out of harbour , the guests all jumped off the vessels. joly , who is also a travel writer , shone with a flying leap off race leaders abu dhabi ocean racing 's boat , skippered by his compatriot , ian walker. but the action turns more into a jump than a dive as the water comes nearer. earlier , joly said he was a dab hand at diving after being trained in the sport by britain 's olympic medallist , tom daley , for tv show splash ! however this jump was more ` tourist abroad ' than diving expert.
the chief secretary to the treasury has been caught on camera knocking back drinks with a high-class call girl. but sadly for scandalmongers , the chance encounter between danny alexander and brooke magnanti -- better known by her former alias belle de jour -- was innocent. the two were snapped at bar one in inverness on friday as part of the nip festival , which celebrates the gins and whiskies of the highlands. mr alexander was snapped with ms magnati - also known as belle de jour - at the nip festival. it comes as david cameron faced a growing revolt last night over his ` flat-footed ' general election campaign.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- authorities in south carolina have released dash cam video in connection with the fatal shooting of walter scott , but the footage does not show the actual shooting. video from the patrol car of north charleston 's michael slager shows an initial traffic stop and early interactions between the officer and scott. scott tells the officer he does not have insurance and is in the process of purchasing the vehicle. scott exits his vehicle , briefly , and slager tells him to stay in the car. scott then gets out of the car , again , and runs away , out of the range of the dash cam.
the ecb are not living up to their promise of fresh transparency under a new regime by keeping secret the job description for the director of england cricket. the confidential details were sent by email to potential candidates for the post , front-runners for which are former england captains andrew strauss , michael vaughan and alec stewart. but the work parameters will not appear on the ecb website or that of headhunters sports recruitment international , as would be the normal procedure. ecb chairman colin graves has released very few details of the new director of cricket role for england. it is understood the ecb , who say there will be a proper recruitment procedure , do n't want any publicity about the job specification.
marseille , france -lrb- cnn -rrb- initial tests on the flight data recorder recovered from downed germanwings flight 9525 show that co-pilot andreas lubitz purposely used the controls to speed up the plane 's descent , according to the french air accident investigation agency , the bea. the flight data recorder , or `` black box , '' was found thursday by recovery teams that have spent days since the march 24 crash scouring the mountainside in the french alps where the plane went down. `` the initial readout shows that the pilot present in the cockpit used the autopilot to put the -lrb- airplane -rrb- into a descent towards an altitude of 100 -lrb- feet -rrb- then , on several occasions during the descent , the pilot modified the autopilot setting to increase the speed of the -lrb- airplane -rrb- in descent , '' it said.
usually considered a racial slur , can not trademark the name. because it is disparaging , a u.s. appeals court ruled on monday. the decision by the u.s. court of appeals for the federal. circuit rejected the band 's argument that the government 's. refusal to grant a trademark violated its free speech rights. fight over whether the national football league 's washington. redskins should lose its trademarks. the slants , who say they chose their name as a way to reclaim a term usually considered a racial slur , can not trademark the name because it is disparaging , a u.s. appeals court has ruled.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- emergency operators get lots of crazy calls , but few start like this. '' the frantic 911 call came just as the alaska airlines flight had taken off from seattle-tacoma international airport on monday afternoon. the caller was a ramp agent who fell asleep in the plane 's cargo hold. the cell phone call soon broke up , but the man was making himself known in other ways as the crew and passengers reported unusual banging from the belly of the boeing 737. the pilot radioed air traffic control and said he would make an emergency landing. the ramp agent who took the untimely nap and caused all the fuss is an employee of menzies aviation , a contractor for alaska airlines that handles loading the luggage.
more than 140 children have been removed from their classes at schools in washington because they could not prove they have had the required vaccinations. health experts in the us have warned the country is in danger of being gripped by a measles pandemic because a growing number of people are not getting vaccinated against the virus and are being exposed to the rest of the population. the virus has swept several states in america and california and officials have warned there could be a danger of reversing the eradication of measles 15 years ago. scroll down for video. more than 100 pupils have been kicked out of their classes because they did not have completed vaccination forms , as health officials have warned about the danger of the spread of the measles virus -lrb- pictured -rrb-.
hailed as one of the most imaginative minds in history , dr seuss created magical worlds with playful rhymes and kooky illustrations. this towering structure 130 miles from anchorage was once a two-story home , built after a forest fire swept the valley clean of trees. teetering : the owner wanted to be able to see the idyllic valley over the tall trees around their cabin. in need of renovation : it was abandoned for years but new owners are now renovating it. however , when the trees eventually started shooting up again , the owner refused to relinquish his idyllic view of the mountains.
fashion fans who follow many of the top bloggers on instagram experienced an extreme case of déjà vu over the weekend after the same dress was modeled by no less than 50 fashionistas. in order to ensure maximum exposure for their new design lab collection , the company partnered with 50 of the most influential fashion bloggers and got each to post a photo of them wearing the same dress. scroll down for video. fashion fans who follow many of the top bloggers on instagram experienced an extreme case of déjà vu over the weekend after the same dress was modelled by no less than 50 fashionistas.
two men have died after being crushed by timber that fell on top of them inside a shipping container. authorities were called to an industrial site in wetherill park , west of sydney , shortly after 11am on thursday where they worked to release three men. police found the three men inside a shipping container on a property on victoria street. authorities were called to an industrial site in wetherill park , west of sydney , shortly after 11am on thursday where they worked to release three men. two men died at the scene as a result and the surviving man was taken to nearby fairfield hospital in a serious condition.
expensive clothes , fast cars and glittering industry parties : to the average person , the lives of the rich and famous may seem way out of reach. but the growing slew of celebrity gaming apps , from the likes of kim kardashian and lindsay lohan -lrb- and soon , katy perry -rrb- , promise to immerse you in it all , temporarily. scroll down for video. kim kardashian : hollywood is the app from the reality star , which uses her likeness and voice. users have to build a celebrity empire similar to kim 's. the 34-year-old launched the highly lucrative app last june , and has an estimated 28 million downloads.
it turns out it 's the little things that can really make brits ' blood pressure levels soar. but it seems we all need our kip , with half saying a sleepless night is the most stressful thing they experience on a daily basis. scroll down for video. in a survey conducted by direct line , adults in the uk cited not being able to sleep as the thing that stressed them out the most. in a survey conducted by direct line , 2,005 adults in the uk were questioned on what common events make them feel stressed. it seems brits are all plagued by the same frustrations , and the incidents tend to be daily inconveniences.
john helinski was homeless and nameless for three years. charles inman could not bear to see his 62-year-old ward land back on the street , he told cnn affiliate wfts. but getting him into the system was hard , because helinski 's id and social security cards had been stolen. `` he needed to have an identification , but we could n't get an identification without a birth certificate , '' inman said. a hassle all by itself , except that helinski was foreign born -- in poland , as an american citizen. then , helinski remembered that he used to have an account with a certain landmark bank.
as thick tangles of vine fall beneath his blade , he pushes into a clearing , then suddenly staggers back. before him rise the crumbled ruins of an enormous portal of rock , black with age but with a colossal grandeur not yet lost -- a fine example of what archaeologists call a `` zoomorphic portal '' or , more popularly , a `` monster mouth gate. '' what was once the gateway to an ancient mayan city , built circa 700 ad and mysteriously abandoned four centuries later , stands before him. he has found the lost city of lagunita.
the president of the mgm grand is making a solemn promise to the hundreds of thousands of party-goers already flocking to las vegas for saturday 's fight of the century. that is a reference to how ricky hatton 's trans-atlantic army of 30,000 fans drank the strip dry when he fought floyd mayweather eight years ago. with 10 times that number expected to descend on this oasis in the nevada desert -- just so they can say ' i was there ' on the night mayweather finally fights manny pacquiao -- the mgm food and beverage department are taking no chances.
a fashion photographer suffering from cystic fibrosis -lrb- cf -rrb- is revolutionizing the way people look at the life-threatening disorder by snapping the portraits of 56 adult women living with the genetic disease to bring hope to children and teens diagnosed with the condition , which has no known cure. ian pettigrew , 46 , from ontario , canada , was working on his book of portraits , just breathe : adults with cystic fibrosis , when he realized that he had far more female subjects than male. scroll down for video. beautiful fighter : ian pettigrew , from ontario , canada , photographed this woman with cystic fibrosis holding her oxygen tank as a part of his second book , salty girls , which aims to bring awareness to the disease.
but are any of these high-tech suncreams worth buying ? here , dr bav shergill , a consultant dermatologist at queen victoria hospital in east grinstead , offers his verdict. here , consultant dermatologist bav shergill gives his verdict. com. claims : spf 30 suncream containing uva and uvb protection , plus pack of five 60ml liquid food supplement shots - these contain vitamin e , lycopene , vitamin c , beta-carotene and other nutrients for skin health. expert verdict : ' a bit of a gimmick - the concept is you are protecting the skin from the inside out with antioxidants found in fruit and vegetables.
the couple that models designer clothes together stays together -- or at least that 's what one new york-based duo hope , having just inked a deal as the first openly gay couple with fusion models. but while the male model it couple have starred in a campaign together for dkny and posed for big brands like edun and dsquared2 , they say it has n't always been easy for them to work in the industry and be true to themselves. model couple : carlos santolalla , 25 , left , and john tuite , 22 , right , are the first openly gay couple to be signed together to a modeling agency.
the baltimore police department has used secret cellphone surveillance equipment 4,300 times since 2007 - amid claims it is ordered to withhold such evidence from prosecutors , a court heard. a detective from the department said officers used a device called hailstorm , which can identify phones from a 360-degree antenna from about a city block away. the details , revealed in court , resemble the original plot of hbo 's hit series the wire , the crime drama based in the same city , which featured electronic surveillance of drug dealers. baltimore police used cellphone surveillance equipment 4,300 times since 2007 , a court heard.
mark one up for the future of golf over its past and present as 21-year-old jordan spieth took the first-day honours with a stunning opening round of 64 on a spectacular day of scoring at the sun-baked 79th masters. for much of the day it looked as if he might have to share top billing with 34-year-old justin rose and 45-year-old ernie els , as the englishman and the south african posted scores of 67 to tie charley hoffman , an american representative of the rank and file. but by then spieth had separated himself from the field to become the youngest first-round leader in masters history with a fabulous run of six birdies in seven holes before adding a wonderful flourish at the 18th , where he brushed in a 25-foot birdie putt.
elephants are often seeing travelling single file , using their trunk to hold onto another mammal 's tail in front of them. but one young elephant decided to go it alone , when it walked alongside its herd and even broke their chain. captured at whipsnade zoo , the video shows keepers assisting six elephants along a path -- five of which walk in single file. as the first three elephants move from the shot , the fourth -- a smaller elephant -- is flanked by a baby. finding itself in between the last two elephants as it begins walking , the young mammal 's back gets in the way and causes the link to break.
built with discarded scraps from house conversions including loft insulation board and polystyrene , it was glued together with silicone sealant. but they were scuppered when an oar snapped 200 yards off jaywick , essex , and they had to call 999. the bungling fishermen who had to be rescued from their diy boat , who have been named as aaron jones , right , and jamie toms , left. the diy boat used by a pair of fisherman , who had to be rescued by a lifeboat crew. the men cobbled it together using insulation boards , scrap plywood , laminate flooring , coat hangers and silicone glue.
conor mcgregor insists featherweight champion jose aldo does n't want the title as much as he does. aldo makes the eighth defence of his belt against mcgregor in las vegas on july 11. ' now watch sportsmail 's full interview with mcgregor. conor mcgregor grabbed jose aldo 's belt when they took their promotional tour to dublin last week .
-lrb- cnn -rrb- debates on climate change can break down fairly fast. but a new way to talk about climate change is emerging , which shifts focus from impersonal discussions about greenhouse gas emissions and power plants to a very personal one : your health. `` you 'd have air quality alerts , and people who had respiratory problems or were vulnerable had to stay inside. '' `` there are a whole host of public health impacts that are going to hit home , so we 've got to do better in protecting vulnerable americans , '' obama continued. '' murthy revealed to the group that asthma is a personal issue for him , as a favorite uncle died from a severe attack when he was younger.
a pensioner has been fitted with a magnetic nose after his own had to be removed when he was diagnosed with a rare cancer. richard curry , from loveclough in lancashire , was told he had malignant melanoma in his septum , the thin strip which separates the nostrils. pensioner richard curry , who wears a prosthetic nose attached to his face using magnets , after his own had to be removed when he was diagnosed with cancer. but in order to make sure that the new nose stayed in place , the 71-year-old then had to have magnetic implants inserted into his cheekbones and nasal cavity during a procedure at the royal blackburn hospital.
an adaptor that allows colour blind people to enjoy tv without a loss of detail is seeking funding on kickstarter. called eye2tv , it adjusts colours in the image so that shows look ` normal ' , even if features colours such as red and green that would otherwise not be visible. scroll down for video. norwich scientists have developed an adaptor for colour blindness. it allows colour blind people to watch shows they otherwise could n't. the team from the university of east anglia in norwich is seeking # 100,000 -lrb- $ 150,000 -rrb- of funding to get their project of the ground.
a film-mad woman got her picture perfect proposal when her fiancé proposed to her on the big screen of a cinema. fabio lovato , 30 , created a short video that played following the cinema trailers for fast and furious 7 showcasing pictures from where they met in australia. scroll down for video. fabio lavato proposed to his girlfriend laura knight in their local cineworld in gloucester. fabio then got down on one knee in the cineworld in gloucester and popped the question to his shocked girlfriend laura knight , 29. italian-born fabio , who now lives in quedgeley , gloucester with laura , says that he always knew he wanted to marry laura.
a man has been charged with stabbing his girlfriend in the backside with a pitchfork. antonio nuñez , 59 , was said to be arguing with the woman , who has not been named , at his home in san antonio , texas , on monday. attack : antonio nunez allegedly stabbed his girlfriend in the backside with a pitchfork during an argument. according to police , the woman pepper sprayed nuñez in the eyes and ran across the street to a neighbor who called 911. she is in hospital recovering. nuñez will be charged with aggravated assault , the houston chronicle reported.
kabul , afghanistan -lrb- cnn -rrb- a suicide bomber detonated his explosives near a group of protesters in eastern afghanistan on thursday , killing 17 people and wounding dozens more , police said. an afghan lawmaker taking part in the protests in the city of khost was among the 64 people wounded , said faizullah ghairat , the provincial police chief. taliban spokesman zabiullah mujahid denied his group was responsible for the attack. humayoon humayoon , an afghan member of parliament for khost province , and the other protesters were on their way to join a larger rally against the provincial governor , according to zahir jan , an eyewitness.
what if someone took your greatest insecurities and body image fears , and voiced them out loud ? known for its empowering campaigns and championing of real women , dove has taken a more brutal approach in its latest advertisement. scroll down for video. for the new one beautiful thought ad campaign , dove asked a group of women to write down every thought they had about themselves. created in france , dove asked a group of women - all beautiful and impeccably chic - to write down every thought they had about themselves in a notebook. dove recruited two undercover actresses to read the script , created using the notes each of the women made about themselves , while they were all within earshot.
keith curle tells the kind of stories about management that might explain why retiring players are stampeding towards the pundits ' couch. the carlisle manager loves a job that over the years has seen him break and rebuild a toilet , man a hose and pay salaries from his own pocket. ' but there is no escaping the fact that curle is in a shrinking minority , being one of only four managers in the country 's top 92 clubs who has played for england. many ex-players simply have no financial need to work but for curle , money has only ever been just a part of it.
a texas university that booked matthew mcconaughey as its may commencement speaker has broken the silence on the texas-born actor 's speaking fee. the university of houston said in a statement tuesday that it was paying mcconaughey speaking fees totaling $ 135,000 plus travel expenses , as well as a $ 20,250 commission to the celebrity talent international booking agency engaged by the university. got $ 135,000 : a texas university that booked matthew mcconaughey as its may commencement speaker has broken the silence on the texas-born actor 's speaking fee. the university initially balked at revealing mcconaughey 's fee , citing a confidentiality agreement with the booking agency.
faithless ' dance anthem ` insomnia ' booms out seconds before games at fulham , and it 's rather apt for kit symons. those fans will quite rightly point to the fact their side were out-played for large parts against rotherham , a club with a far inferior budget and experience at this level. they are losing faith in their manager , even though fulham should retain their championship status from here. ross mccormack -lrb- left -rrb- pokes home the equaliser but fulham were unable to push on for the winner. that they came away with a point was down to poor finishing from the yorkshire visitors , nothing more.
veteran referee kenny bayless has been named as the third man in the ring when floyd mayweather and manny pacuiao meet in the match being billed as the biggest and richest in boxing history. bayless will need little introduction to either fighter , having previously worked five of mayweather 's bouts and seven of pacquiao 's. the 64-year-old is widely considered to be one of the best referees in the world and will pocket $ 25,000 for the night 's work on may 2 while judges dave moretti , glenn feldman and burt clements will each receive $ 20,000. not everyone is praising the appointment though , and oscar de la hoya , one of mayweather 's past opponents in a match overseen by bayless , has suggested that the choice of official will serve as a clear advantage for the american over pacquiao.
shamed newsman brian williams 's lied in his reporting to make himself look good at least 11 times , an internal investigation has reportedly found. the total , cited in media reports about the secretive investigation , would mean the trail of deceit from the fallen face of nbc 's nightly news goes far deeper than previously reported. lies on lies : williams , pictured above during his last nightly news broadcast before being suspended , embellished at least 11 different reports , an internal investigation has reportedly found. iraq shame : williams fell from grace after veterans called him out after he lied about being on board a u.s. military chopper which was hit by a rocket-propelled grenade , but miraculously managed to land.
irina shayk 's latest job involves posing in a swimsuit and shades while being filmed writhing around a pool with a hunky male model. the russian supermodel , 29 , split from her partner of five years , footballer christiano ronaldo , in january , saying she felt ` ugly standing next to the wrong man '. scroll down for video. linda farrow eyewear 's spring summer 15 campaign shows irina get close to jarrod scott. she has teamed the retro-inspired sunglasses collection with a plunging metallic swimsuit which shows off her fabulous figure to perfection. jarrod then jumps in the pool himself and gives the camera his best blue steel look as he slicks back his hair.
david templeton has delivered a damning critique of the training-ground methods deployed at rangers by ally mccoist and kenny mcdowall. the ibrox winger claimed stuart mccall had brought a brand of coaching and tactical preparation he felt was lacking under the previous management. templeton praised the impact the former motherwell boss has made since his arrival on a short-term deal last month , with back-to-back wins having revived confidence ahead of saturday 's home meeting with championship title-winners hearts. rangers winger david templeton is full of praise for the impact of new boss stuart mccall. ` the tempo of training , the intensity , everything has been right up and it has been really enjoyable actually , but tough.
when fiorentina 's season ends next month , micah richards wo n't be jetting off on his summer holidays. for the moment , summer is cancelled for the defender - at least until he knows where he 'll be playing next season. his contract at manchester city expires at the end of the season , when he becomes a free agent. micah richards has found playing time hard to come by during his loan move to italian side fiorentina. richards joined the serie a side after being frozen out at city - and will be on the move again this summer.
a grandfather who could n't afford his own cruiser has come up with an innovative solution - putting his caravan on a boat and taking it out on the water. peter thurston , 80 , takes his vessel , dubbed the ` catamavan ' , out on the river swale in kent regularly and enjoys the views of the countryside. the catamavan has an oven , fridge freezer , shower , toilet , double bed and two tables , and it is fitted with a small engine that reaches four knots. hundreds of two-litre bottles fill the twin hulls , so the boat wo n't sink even if it gets a hole as he travels up and down the same stretch of river.
campaigners against the new protein world ` are you beach body ready ? ' adverts are celebrating today after learning that they are being taken down. transport for london -lrb- tfl -rrb- has revealed that the controversial posters around the london underground , featuring a bikini-clad model called renee somerfield are being removed. the sight of the 24-year-old 's toned figure towering above train platforms has caused a stir among feminists and body image campaigners - a change.org petition calling for the adverts to be pulled has already attracted more than 50,000 signatures. several of the images have also been defaced by bloggers , angry at the perceived insinuation that only women who look like renee are ready to go to the beach.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- it all started by looking up. during an expedition through the brittany region on the west coast of france , photographer fabien le coq noticed an unusual tree. he positioned himself at the base of the tree and turned his camera upward , filling the frame with the trunk and its spindly branches. i stayed for hours looking around , taking some pictures and i found myself lying down under the tree. the tree 's branches were rising as if to touch the sky. '' this was the start of the photo series `` treesome , '' an embodiment of le coq 's unique way of interacting with the world around him.
ahead of this weekend 's premier league action , sportsmail will be providing you with all you need to know about every fixture , with team news , provisional squads , betting odds and opta stats. here is all the information you need for manchester united 's home clash with manchester city ... manchester united vs manchester city -lrb- old trafford -rrb-. manchester united. manchester united have chris smalling back in contention after illness but luke shaw will not feature after a hamstring injury and fellow defender jonny evans is banned. striker robin van persie will not be risked after ankle trouble , while midfielder andreas pereira is on brazil under 20 duty.
the shepherd 's life : a tale of the lake district. i did n't want to be one of those townies who moves to the country but remains ignorant of rural ways , so i made sporadic efforts to get to know them , or at least , to get to understand life on a sheep farm. james rebanks studied at the university of oxford before returning to his roots in the lake district , he is seen here with his sheep on his farm outside of penrith in cumbria. every year , spring and autumn feel like flimsy bookends to a long , harsh winter , and his herdwick sheep -- descended , he thinks , from animals that arrived with the vikings -- are built for the fells in ways that even the hardiest shepherds are not.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- the new emojis are here ! on thursday , apple released a new version of its mobile operating system that includes more diversity than ever when it comes to the race , ethnicity and sexual orientation of its emojis -- those cute little images that users can insert into text messages or emails when words alone just wo n't cut it. now there 's a range of emoji skin tones to pick from , including yellow , brown and black. that shrieking sound you may have heard was from fox news ' megyn kelly , who famously stated in 2013 that santa claus is absolutely , definitely and without a doubt a white guy.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- just about now , north korea 's enigmatic ruler was expected to be preparing to emerge from his fortified country for a visit to moscow to join celebrations next week marking the 70th anniversary of the end of world war ii in europe. after all , this was to have been kim 's first official international trip since he came to power in 2011 following his father 's death , and it would have provided a fascinating opportunity for the world to get a closer look at a young leader and a regime still largely shrouded in mystery.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- robert bates says he gets it , how you might wonder how a cop could confuse a pistol for a stun gun. bates -- the tulsa county , oklahoma , reserve sheriff 's deputy accused of manslaughter in the death of a fleeing suspect -- told nbc 's `` today '' show friday that he used to think that , too. '' harris died after bates shot him -- accidentally , he says -- after calling out `` taser ! taser ! '' in a tussle captured on a police body camera. bates told investigators that he mistook his firearm for the stun gun.
the age-old ghost town of balestrino was captured in all its spooky wonder by a drone. the ancient tuscan settlement , based 40 miles south east of genoa , is shrouded in mystery with its origin and much of its history remaining unknown. scroll down for video. little is known about the origin or history of the ancient tuscan town that dates back to the 11th century a.d. residents were forced to flee their homes in the town more than 60 years ago , with seismic instability noted as a main reason for the mass abandonment. a number of historical earthquakes , including one in 1887 that measured 6.7 on the richter scale , caused severe damage to the settlement 's infrastructure.
a star college athlete and a classmate from alabama 's troy university have been suspended after authorities discovered a cellphone video that allegedly shows them sexually assaulting a woman at a beach while a large crowd of spring-break revelers watches. bay county sheriff frank mckeithen described the graphic video as the ` most disgusting , sickening thing ' he had ever seen likened the scene to ` wild animals preying on a carcass laying in the woods '. delonte martistee , 22 , of bainbridge , georgia , and ryan calhoun , 23 , of mobile , alabama , were charged with sexual battery for the incident believed to have occurred between march 10 and 12.
at last , after months of grey skies and miserable weather , the sun is out. if you are looking to celebrate the wonderfully balmy weather by taking a dip , there are a few places you could try. in response to extra demand , many pools are extending their opening hours in line with the weather or organising late night swimming slots for busy workers. scroll down for video. if you are looking to celebrate this wonderfully balmy weather by taking a dip , there are lots of places to try. for those who are more adventurous ; look around , there are acres of countryside watery holes to dip your toe into.
andrew hichens has become the first person to be trained and equipped as a so-called first responder to all types of 999 call. mr hichens , 28 , will be working with one pc and two police community service officers in hayle in western cornwall where the emergency services have been brought together under one roof. new role : father-of-two mr hichens has taken up his unique role in hayle in western cornwall. as ` tri-service safety officer ' , he does not have the power to make arrests and will mostly be patrolling his beat and spreading safety messages while on hand to respond to most 999 calls.
wanted : a police e-fit image of millionaire people trafficker ermias ghermay , who is thought to have made # 72m with his accomplice mered medhanie from smuggling migrants in the last two years. two millionaire people traffickers have been heard mocking the migrant boat disasters that have resulted in thousands of deaths in the mediterranean , it has been reported. one of them , an eritrean called mered medhanie , also known as the general , was heard laughing on a police wiretap about overloading migrant ships , a problem that causes them to capsize. ' ghermay , who also lives in tripoli , was already wanted on an arrest warrant in connection with an october 2013 capsizing off lampedusa that left 366 dead.
norfolk , virginia -lrb- cnn -rrb- the second mate of the houston express probably could n't believe what he was seeing. the crew of the 1,000-foot long container ship thought it was a yacht that had wrecked. `` he was moving , walking around , waving to us and in surprisingly good condition , '' capt. thomas grenz told cnn by phone friday. '' the boat capsized two more times before he was rescued , according to jordan. his father , frank jordan , told cnn 's jim sciutto that he was expecting his son to look different. the weather would n't cooperate.
england 's top three are exceptional players but the issue is that they are very one-paced and when the west indies bowling was so disciplined , that became a problem on the first morning of the first test. it is ok batting the way england did if they had got through to lunch on 60 without loss , but they will be exposed against better teams than west indies , like australia , if they crash to 34 for three in the first session as they did here. joe root -lrb- left -rrb- and ian bell -lrb- right -rrb- put on 177 runs for the fourth wicket on day one in antigua.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- james best , best known for his portrayal of bumbling sheriff rosco p. coltrane on tv 's `` the dukes of hazzard , '' died monday after a brief illness. best died in hospice in hickory , north carolina , of complications from pneumonia , said steve latshaw , a longtime friend and hollywood colleague. although he 'd been a busy actor for decades in theater and in hollywood , best did n't become famous until 1979 , when `` the dukes of hazzard 's '' cornpone charms began beaming into millions of american homes almost every friday night.
it is a remarkable , eye-popping portrait of scotland 's first minister , nicola sturgeon. entitled ` naughty nicola ' , the painting depicts her as a dominatrix in a short red dress , black suspenders on display and whip in hand. eye-popping : the painting allegedly hanging in the home of snp leader nicola sturgeon shows her as a dominatrix -lrb- pictured -rrb-. softly spoken , bespectacled and almost unknown outside the scottish political village , he can walk the busiest streets in scotland without being recognised. snp colleagues reveal that within the party , murrell is affectionately nicknamed penfold , after danger mouse 's loyal hamster sidekick in the 1980s cartoon series.
radio host mel greig , who once hit the headlines for her involvement in an infamous royal prank call , has started a personal crusade to help remove the stigma attached with ivf treatment. on wednesday , mel posted a blog post on her website titled ` are we embarrassed of ivf ? ' where she detailed how she was undergoing the treatment , and that it was nothing for women to be ashamed of. ' she also uploaded photographs of injecting herself for the first time as she began her ivf program. mel greig spoke on her blog about how she was now starting ivf treatment.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- a trip to a former heavyweight champ 's gaudy , abandoned mansion. the tallest and fastest `` giga-coaster '' in the world. these are some of the best videos of the week :. in the 1980s and '90s -- before he moved to vegas and started keeping tigers as pets -- former heavyweight boxer mike tyson lived in a southington , ohio , mansion. the home featured an indoor swimming pool , a marble-and-gold jacuzzi -lrb- with mirrored ceiling , naturally -rrb- and an entertainment room large enough for small concerts. tyson sold the house in 1999 ; it 's due to become , of all things , a church.
from sun salutations in san francisco to drinking at a swim-up bar in a hot spring in iceland , airports are offering ever more diverse activities , and can be the gate-way to some of the world 's most incredible attractions. here , mail online travel reveals the best - and most bizarre things you can do with a couple of spare hours at an airport. while firearms are prohibited , hunting fans can practise archery deer hunting at pittsburgh international airport. turkey archery in minnesota. for around # 7 -lrb- $ 10 -rrb- permit holders can hunt wild turkey in 200 stunning acres of land.
simon wood , 38 , from oldham won masterchef last friday. wannabe chefs with their eye on a career as the next gordon ramsay or jamie oliver should take note - it does n't have to cost a fortune. the new winner of masterchef simon wood , who won the title last friday , has n't been on a single cookery course or even had one lesson. everything the 38 year old knows about cooking is self-taught - learnt form reading recipe books or watching television shows. you can achieve anything if you try hard enough and you 're passionate enough.
however this steep-walled phenomena is located in japan and attracts visits from thousands of tourists annually - with the number predicted to rise this year. the tateyama kurobe alpine route opened to the public on today and allows tourists to view the spectacular snow-walled passageway along the 1000ft section. walled wonder ! the tateyama kurobe alpine route opened for visitors today , with tourists marvelling at the 65ft high walls. the murodo-daira area of tateyama unsurprisingly experiences one of the heaviest snowfalls in the world , with the 65ft walls being created every year , and then melting by july. the impressive route opened in 1971 and usually draws about a million visitors every year although numbers have failed to reach that figure in the last few years.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- misao okawa , the world 's oldest person according to guinness world records , has died at the age of 117. okawa passed away wednesday morning in osaka , japan , tadahi uchimura , a local official from the city told cnn. her family ran a kimono shop in osaka , satoshi yoshioka , an employee at the nursing home where she had lived since 1997 told cnn. her favorite food was sushi and udon noodles , '' yoshioka said. `` she had eaten a lot of cake for her birthday last march 5. '' `` however , in the last 10 days she stopped eating.
dui : rand paul 's eldest son william paul , 22 , was cited for a dui on sunday in lexington , kentucky but not arrested. a son of republican presidential candidate rand paul was pulled over on suspicion of driving under the influence on sunday. paul was driving a 2006 honda ridgeline at 11.24 am when he crashed into the back of an unoccupied parked car , in lexington , kentucky , according to police. some people nearby heard the crash and alerted authorities. witnesses said paul was ` revving his engine ' while sitting alone in the truck , reported kentucky.com.
frankie dettori made it six winners in four days as well as three flying dismounts with a treble at newbury on saturday centred around a neck success on charlie hills-trained greenham stakes winner muhaarar. frankie dettori leaps from his mount after riding muhaarar to win the aon greenham stakes at newbury. dettori rides mr singh to win the al basti equiworld maiden stakes at newbury racecourse. so far , dettori has been mopping them up. three of the jockey 's winners -- derby prospect golden horn , who won the feilden stakes at newmarket , oaks candidate star of seville , who scored at newbury on friday , plus maiden winner mr singh on saturday were all prepared for action by gosden.
the 21-year-old became somewhat infamous late last year for video of him screaming ' i do n't like mens no more - i like women , women , women ! ' after a pastor at an evangelical megachurch claimed to have cured his homosexuality. but he says he was attacked by an employee at a froyo in delmar on wednesday after the cashier recognized him. he ended up completely doused in his own dessert at the counter. ' scroll down for video. unhappy viewer : this is the moment st. louis froyo cashier stephanie diaz -lrb- green shirt -rrb- throws a bowl of yogurt in the face of andrew caldwell , a man who found internet fame for saying god cured his homosexuality.
it was a cunning plot to steal more than # 1.5 million in gold bullion and jewellery. then , while a price was being agreed at a nearby table , the man in the cabinet would switch the case for one containing counterfeit notes. the gang -- posing as wealthy italians -- would then walk off with their money and the stolen jewellery. scroll down for video. jail terms : luigi arcuri -lrb- left -rrb- , 73 , nikolic giuliano -lrb- centre -rrb- , 37 and antonino ballistreri -lrb- right -rrb- , 45 , were each sentenced to two years and eight months for conspiracy to defraud and possession of counterfeit currency.
a mutilated fox : hardly the most glamorous prop ashley james has ever posed with , but in this case , that is precisely the point. the former made in chelsea star has joined forces with animal rights crusaders peta on a hard-hitting anti-fur campaign directed at harvey nichols after the national department store abandoned its ten-year anti-fur policy. scroll down for video. dark : the former made in chelsea star has joined forces with animal rights crusaders peta on a hard-hitting anti-fur campaign directed at harvey nichols after it abandoned its fur-free policy - -lrb- the fox is n't real -rrb-.
that was the surreal upshot of one of the shortest international matches in history on thursday night , when 22 women from england and norway 's under 19 sides got together for a couple of minutes of football. leah williamson stood up , a player for arsenal ladies but virtually anonymous in wider conversations about football. leah williamson -lrb- centre -rrb- stepped up again to take the penalty during the 18-second rematch against norway. norwegian goalkeeper oda marie hove bogstad was unable to stop williamson 's brilliant effort. the england captain wheels away in celebration after handing her side a crucial 2-2 draw.
it has a reputation for being one of the sexiest brand 's in the world and has helped launched the careers of miranda kerr , rosie huntington-whiteley and alessandra ambrosio. the lingerie giant this week added ten new angels to its coveted roster and one lucky brit made the cut. stella maxwell , who is irish but now splits her time between los angeles and new york , was this week unveiled as one of ten new victoria 's secret angels. stella , 24 , was born to northern irish parents stella maynes and maurice maxwell , who worked as a diplomat.
three reportedly inexperienced abalone divers died after jumping into rough seas off the coast of northern california on sunday. ten friends , including the dead men , had rented a house on caspar cove 160 miles north of san francisco to hunt for abalone , a rare and expensive mollusk that is prized as a delicacy. the santa rosa press democrat reports that the accident in mendocino county is the deadliest single incident involving abalone divers in recent memory. witnesses said at least some of the men appeared to be inexperienced abalone divers who chose rough , choppy waters near several dangerous rock outcroppings to dive - instead of entering the water at the soft beach nearby.
they are the images that capture the faces and dramatic landscapes one photographer encountered during a 1000-day journey around the world. award-winning photographer uruma takezawa has made a living discovering and documenting communities in the most remote areas around the globe. for his latest book , the japanese adventurer spent 1,021 days on the road , to capture amazing images on an odyssey that took him to 103 countries on four continents. japanese photographer uruma takezawa snaps a boy wears traditional tribal make up in the the lower omo river valley , ethiopia. born in 1977 , the japanese artist first began his career as a marine photographer , travelling the world to capture breathtaking underwater vistas.
apple made significant improvements to the battery life of its iphone 6 and 6 plus , but they still fail to last more than a full day with typical usage. to address these issues , the tech giant is recruiting for battery and power software experts. at least nine job listings have been spotted on the firm 's official recruitment site as the company looks to boost the battery across its range of mobiles and laptops. ' apple defines the apple watch battery on its watch product page. it says its all-day battery life is based on 18 hours of use.
a 13-year-old boy allegedly stole a $ 25,000 stack of cash from his own grandfather and handed out wads of notes to his school friends. the unnamed child from medina , ohio , gave out $ 100 notes in the classroom before going to a friend 's house after school , where he also showered adults with cash , police said. payday : the unnamed 13-year-old showered classmates with $ 100 notes at claggett middle school in medina , ohio. cops began to crack down on the cash bonanza after teachers at the boy 's school blew the whistle on the scheme , by which time the majority of the cash was gone.
hollywood star robert downey jnr stormed out of a tv interview when asked about his history of drug abuse and time in prison. the actor was furious when the line of questioning suddenly got personal in a recorded chat with channel 4 in london to promote his new film avengers : age of ultron. scroll down for video. calling time : during an interview for avengers : age of ultron , robert downey jnr left mid-way through. ' off to a good start : downey jr was charming as the exchange started - in which , as arranged , he would discuss his experiences on the new blockbuster , which premiered in london on tuesday.
spring is the ideal time to fill your home with gorgeous flowers. however , your beautiful bouquet might look stunning to begin with , but it will soon fade in just a few days , a week at the most. scroll down for video. with simple and sensible tricks recommended by a professional florist , you can make your flowers last. while there are plenty of diy ` solutions ' - vodka , aspirin and pennies - to keep a bouquet fresh , most of these things can actually damage the delicate flowers. using some simple and sensible tricks recommended by a professional florist , you can make your blooms last a lot longer.
surgeons are calling for the rules on laser eye surgery to be strengthened after an apparent rise in patients receiving substandard care. a private hospital in harley street says that increasing numbers of people are seeking its help after being given bad advice or poor treatment elsewhere. a leading private eye hospital is calling for tighter regulations on laser eye surgery after noting a rise in the number of people who have been given inaccurate information or poor care. up to 120,000 britons have laser eye surgery each year to correct long and short-sightedness , and almost one in 20 of them suffer some sort of complication.most operations are done privately , with patients paying up to # 5,000 to have both eyes corrected.
betty whitehead willis , the designer of the iconic `` welcome to fabulous las vegas '' sign , died over the weekend. willis played a major role in creating some of the most memorable neon work in the city. the neon museum also credits her with designing the signs for moulin rouge hotel and blue angel motel. willis visited the neon museum in 2013 to celebrate her 90th birthday. she retired at age 77.
atlanta -lrb- cnn -rrb- a judge , declaring he was n't `` comfortable '' with seven-year prison terms given earlier to three educators in the atlanta public schools cheating scandal , on thursday reduced their sentences to three years in prison. `` i 'm not comfortable with it , '' fulton county superior court judge jerry baxter said of the sentences he handed down to the three defendants april 14. '' tamara cotman , sharon davis-williams and michael pitts also were ordered thursday to serve seven years on probation , pay $ 10,000 fines and work 2,000 hours in community service.
the florida mailman who caused a major security scare when he landed his gyro-copter on the us capitol lawn on wednesday afternoon was just seconds from being shot out of the sky. house homeland security panel chairman michael mccaul revealed that capitol authorities had doug hughes , 61 , in their sights and were prepared to open fire. it landed right in front , ' mccaul said about the flight which was undetected until authorities actually saw the craft approach. however , hughes claims he informed the secret service and capitol police of his potentially lethal stunt into the no-fly zone , which was designed to draw attention to campaign finance reform and government corruption.
it looks like an ordinary forest , with moss climbing up the walls and brown leaves covering the floor. the amazing illusion is the work of german body-painting artist joerg duesterwald , who spent hours painting his model so she would blend in with her surroundings. the stunning set of pictures was taken in a forest in langenfeld , germany , yesterday. mr duesterwald has been painting for more than 20 years. it looks like an ordinary forest , with moss climbing up the walls and brown leaves covering the floor - but , if you look closely , it is not as it seems.
nico rosberg is too polite to say what precisely he finds irritating about the team-mate with whom he is locked in the battle of his career. sitting in an air-conditioned room away from the dry heat of the bahrain paddock , he goes so far as to say this of lewis hamilton : ` i know exactly how he is functioning. lewis hamilton waves after qualifying on pole position for the bahrain grand prix on saturday. hamilton 's mercedes team-mate nico rosberg was third six-tenths of a second behind hamilton. hamilton has dominated roberg this season and has got pole in every race during the current campaign.
i 'm actually in my last week of rehab at the moment , then i 'll transfer to normal training and introduce more cycling into my routine. sportsmail 's road to rio cyclist becky james is desperate to get back on to the track after her recent injuries. james , pictured during a fashion shoot in manchester , has been sidelined for a whole year. british cyclist james supported boyfriend george north during wales ' six nations campaign. of course , if i did n't have my national lottery funding i would n't be able to go through all this. though being at the millennium stadium for the opening loss to england was n't great -- you can imagine how my boyfriend george north took it.
she may have been showcasing some serious hipster style on the streets of new york in recent weeks , but princess eugenie proves she can dress to impress too. the cousin of princes william and harry looked serene in a chic white dress with gold embellishment. princess eugenie looked glamorous at the for the love of cinema dinner in new york city on thursday during the tribeca film festival. wearing her hair in its signature sleek bob , the royal fashionista accessoried her outfit with a peach clutch and matching court shoes. princess eugenie mingled with a host of a-listers and film industry bigwigs at the event , which was also attended by dakota fanning.
scientists believe the first complex conversation between humans took place around 50,000 to 100,000 years ago. but in a new study , one linguist argues that human language developed rapidly with people quickly using complex sentences that sound like our own. scientists believe the first complex conversation between humans gradually took place around 50,000 to 100,000 years ago. much of it , they believe , still involved cavemen grunting , or hunter-gatherers mumbling and pointing , before learning to speak in a detailed way. ` the hierarchical complexity found in present-day language is likely to have been present in human language since its emergence , ' says shigeru miyagawa , professor of linguistics at massachusetts institute of technology.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- we might never truly comprehend what drove co-pilot andreas lubitz to crash germanwings flight 9525 into the french alps on march 24 , killing everyone on board. the latest report shows that he sped up the descent of the plane to its doom. as the investigation unfolds , we will learn more about to what extent lubitz kept his mental illness secret , or how much help he sought. how much did his battle with depression affect his fitness to fly ? should he have walked away from his job ? should his doctors have sounded alarm bells ? his case raises larger and important issues about people who are burdened with mental illness and the pressure of its stigma.
reigning man of steel daryl clark will be aiming to sink his home-town club when castleford visit struggling warrington as part of a full first utility super league programme on easter monday. the england hooker left the tigers at the end of last season and , despite the switch , he has kept a close eye on events at his old club. daryl clark is ready to take on his former team-mates at castleford tigers , his boyhood club. ' warrington coach tony smith , who persuaded owner simon moran to fork out Â # 185,000 to buy the hooker out of his contract with the tigers last summer , believes the player deserves a good reception from the visiting fans.
an inspection in two welsh towns found officers there were reluctant to issue tickets , letting many locals get away with parking offences. and their lax approach meant that parking in the evenings and at weekends had become a ` free for all '. inspectors in welshpool and llandrindod wells have been accused of being too lax when it comes to giving out parking tickets for infringements -lrb- file picture -rrb-. the investigation was carried out by officials from powys county council , who could not understand why the council was losing money on enforcing parking restrictions. powys council needs to issue 40 per cent more tickets just to break even.
gwyneth paltrow has vowed to live on just $ 29 worth of food for a week , after agreeing to take on a charity challenge aimed at raising awareness and funds for new york 's food banks. the 42-year-old mother-of-two , who founded popular lifestyle wesbite goop , posted a picture of her $ 29 grocery shop on her twitter account yesterday afternoon , showcasing a range of healthy options , including a variety of fresh vegetables , some brown rice and some black beans. food-focused : actress-turned-lifestyle guru gwyneth paltrow will be living off $ 29 worth of food for a week as part of a charity challenge aimed at raising awareness about food banks.
the biblical city has been a magnet for pilgrims devoted to several of the world 's faiths and religions , notably jews , christians and muslims. millions flock to the ancient , religious city every year. first identified in 2000 , psychologists noted religious pilgrims overcome with excitement at being in close proximity to the city 's holy places believed they were biblical characters. it is characterised by anxiety , agitation and nervousness. and sufferers are often consumed by a need to be clean , before donning a toga-like gown often made from hotel bed linen. jerusalem syndrome affects people visiting the holy city.
a bmw driver with five children on board was today arrested after a talented student was knocked down and killed as she walked to to the library. hina shamim , 21 , died close to the university of kingston in london last night , just weeks before her 22nd birthday. hina shamim was killed after she was knocked down as she walked a short distance from home to the library. the bmw -lrb- left -rrb- was severely damaged in the crash , which also involved an empty bus -lrb- centre -rrb-. last night she was killed and eight others , including five children , were injured in a horror crash involving a bus and a car.
however , this did not appear to cross the mind of teenager lily sharp , who lives in the uk , when she decided to prank her own mother. rather than put a whoopie cushion on her chair or balance flower on top of a door , lily decided to amuse herself by faking her own kidnapping - any parents worse fear. as mean-spirited as the joke appeared , lily certainly took the steps in order to make the prank as convincing as possible. scroll down for video. lily sharp perhaps took a joke too far after convincing her own mother she had been kidnapped.
the long island mother and daughter found safe and well in new york city 's upper west side neighbourhood after going missing last month say they had no idea that people were looking for them. iona costello , 51 , and daughter emily , 14 , were recognized by the front desk manager of the hotel they were staying at on sunday , it was reported. they were found at 3am by nypd officers and are in good health , officials said. scroll down for video. iona costello 's husband george , the co-owner of costello marine in greenport , died from a heart attack in 2012.
she 's one of the most glamorous royals on the planet and last night was no exception for spain 's queen letizia of spain. who was making an appearance at the woman awards held at madrid casino , also used the occasion to début a sharp new bob haircut. scroll down for video. backless : her low cut cocktail dress showed off every bone and muscle in her back. short cut : the 42-year-old mother-of-two also unveiled a glamorous new bob hair cut. elegant : the royal accessorised her sequinned black gown with an enormous pair of chandelier earrings. with her was actress salma hayek , 48 , who was there to receive an award and looked cheerful in a bright red off-the-shoulder ensemble.
a breakthrough has been made in the development of clean hydrogen power , scientists claim. at the moment , while hydrogen fuel is appealing , the production of hydrogen is incredible difficult - requiring huge amounts of energy. but the researchers say they have made a new material that can generate hydrogen from water , meaning it is less reliant on fossil fuels. hydrogen-fuel is appealing for use in cars like the vauxhall zafira minivan pictured , but producing hydrogen requires huge amounts of energy. researchers at the university of bath and yale university created the invention. it uses a newly designed molecular catalyst to split water in an electrolyser and create clean and storable hydrogen fuel.
as attempts to break a world record go , it was pretty impressive. a chinese team took a kite measuring an astonishing 6,000 metres -lrb- 3.7 miles -rrb- to a kite flying festival - aiming to break the world record by a massive 1,000 metres. the kite , dubbed ` centipede with a dragon 's head ' , was set to fly at the wulong international kite festival last saturday in chongqing in south-western china , according to people 's daily online. scroll down for video. flying high : half of the 6,000-metre-long dragon-themed kite took to the sky in chongqing last saturday.
tony pulis believes joey barton ` probably had a point ' when claiming west bromwich albion 's players 's *** themselves ' during defeat to queens park rangers earlier this season. in december west brom were two goals up but lost to a charlie austin hat-trick , leading to barton 's scathing judgement and plunging alan irvine to the brink of the sack. barton said then : ` west brom went 2-0 up and i turned to dunney -lrb- richard dunne -rrb- and said , ` they 've scored too early. ' tony pulis has admitted that joey barton ` probably had a point ' about west brom losing their cool.
a farmer from eastern china has found himself the talk of the country after one of his goats gave birth to a kid with six legs. the 20-day-old ` spider goat ' - as it has been -lrb- inaccurately -rrb- nicknamed by chinese web users - was born with four forelegs and two hind legs. xiao qibin , owner of the farm , said the baby goat is growing quickly and healthily with ` an extraordinary appetite ' , the people 's daily online reports. mr xiao started running his goat farm in chaohu in anhui province about a year ago and owns more than 400 goats.
high winds blowing sand across the united arab emirates have caused mayhem for people trying to travel and work in the country. scroll down for video. dubai 's large skyscrapers and tower blocks can barely be made out because of the sandstorm , which has seen visibility drops to less than 500 meters , while walkers have donned masks to protect their lungs. high winds have meant travel chaos on the roads and skies for people in dubai , as flights bound for the city 's international airport have had to be diverted because of the poor visibility. flights have been forced to divert and people are having to wear masks to protect their lungs if they walk outside in the gulf region.
a teenager from illinois is tackling her disability head-on and attempting to positively influence thousands of others by dancing. dayna dobias , 19 , from downers grove was born with cerebral palsy , but she hopes to inspire others with her enthusiastic videos. scroll down for video. challenging : dayna dobias , 18 , is hoping change the way people with disabilities are represented by the television , film and the fashion industry. last year the teenager produced another dancing clip with her strutting her stuff to taylor swift 's shake it off. inspirational : the illinois teen who suffers from cerebal palsy has created a video in which she dances.
gran canaria -- just off the coast of africa , yet still in europe -- is one of the most popular winter holiday retreats for britons. gareth huw davies visits the volcanic outpost in the atlantic , said by one scientist to enjoy the best climate in the world , and draws up his list of things to see and do ... golden opportunity : the glorious dunes at maspalomas , and , above right , santa ana cathedral in las palmas. is a design revolution brewing in the canary islands ? the apollo hotel , built at the dawn of the tourism boom in the resort of playa del ingles , has been entirely revamped as the swish , sumptuous , adults-only bohemia suites & spa.
jamie carragher believes brendan rodgers is still the right man to lead liverpool forward after a season with no trophies and a likely finish outside the top four. rodgers ' future at anfield has been questioned after a third straight season without a trophy , but the former liverpool defender backed the reds manager. speaking after collecting a beacon award for his community work on merseyside on tuesday , carragher said : ' i do n't think your whole future should be determined by one game. ' liverpool are seven points behind fourth placed manchester city with a game in hand and look set to miss out on champions league qualification for next season.
police have revealed that they believe missing toddler william tyrell may be alive , despite fears that he was abducted by a paedophile ring operating on the mid-north coast of nsw. just a day after william 's parents made an impassioned plea for the three-year-old to be returned to them , police have described the ` fast-paced ' investigation into the new line of inquiry. we have information that could link william 's disappearance to a group of people suspected of paedophile activity , ' said lead investigator detective inspector gary jubelin. scroll down for video. the parents of missing william tyrrell , who police now say may have been kidnapped by a paedophile ring , have revealed the moment they realised their son was missing.
ahead of this weekend 's premier league action , sportsmail will be providing you with all you need to know about every fixture , with team news , provisional squads , betting odds and opta stats. here is all the information you need for everton 's home clash with southampton ... everton vs southampton -lrb- goodison park -rrb-. everton. everton striker romelu lukaku will have a late fitness test on a hamstring problem ahead of the visit of southampton on saturday. the belgium international withdrew from the national squad because of the injury and needs to be assessed. everton 's romelu lukaku will be given a late fitness test for the home clash against southampton.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- you know the phrase `` dodging a bullet '' ? forget about it. the u.s. military said this week it has made great progress in its effort to develop a self-steering bullet. in february , the `` smart bullets '' -- .50 - caliber projectiles equipped with optical sensors -- passed their most successful round of live-fire tests to date , according to the defense advanced research projects agency , or darpa. in the tests , an experienced marksman `` repeatedly hit moving and evading targets , '' a darpa statement said. `` additionally , '' the statement said , `` a novice shooter using the system for the first time hit a moving target.
boris johnson admitted last night he hopes to be considered to lead the conservative party after david cameron. the london mayor , pressed on his leadership ambitions by sky news anchor kay burley , insisted the position would not become vacant for five years. ' scroll down for video. ambitious : boris johnson admitted last night he hopes to be considered to lead the conservative party after david cameron. above , the london mayor , left , joined the prime minister at a london nursery yesterday. mr johnson , running to become mp in uxbridge and south ruislip , has long been tipped as a future leader of the party , most recently by mr cameron.
london -lrb- cnn -rrb- british police investigating a spectacular heist in the heart of london 's jewelry district said friday they knew a burglar alarm went off but did n't respond. southern monitoring alarm company called the metropolitan police service , also known as scotland yard , at 12:21 a.m. april 3 to report that the burglar alarm had been activated at hatton garden safe deposit ltd. , mps said in a prepared statement. `` the call was recorded and transferred to the police 's cad -lrb- computer-aided dispatch -rrb- system , '' the statement said. this investigation is being carried out locally.
louis van gaal blamed himself for manchester united finishing the game with 10 men , using all his substitutes before michael carrick came off as a precaution with a tight calf. ` some players did n't know that we were playing with 10 men because the crowd were yelling and it was difficult to get the message to them. ' manchester united manager louis van gaal -lrb- right -rrb- celebrates victory with ander herrera at full-time. an injured michael carrick walks along the touchline after coming off as a precaution with a tight calf. it will come as little consolation to sergio aguero that he reached the 100-goal mark faster than any player in manchester city 's history with his double at old trafford.
harlequins director of rugby conor o'shea believes it is only a matter of time before marland yarde is restored to the england fold. yarde excelled in saturday 's roller-coaster aviva premiership victory over gloucester , scoring the crucial try in the 70th minute at the stoop. the 22-year-old wing won the last of his seven caps as a replacement last autumn , but was overlooked by england throughout the rbs 6 nations. harlequins winger charlie walker crosses for his side 's first try at the stoop. when we get back to winning he will get recognition again , ' o'shea said.
a mother who drove six children , including two of her own , to a residence just outside new orleans so they could fight another group of juveniles , resulting in one child being shot , has been arrested. police say 35-year-old lakenya hall , of kenner , drove the children to a fight just after 5pm wednesday after a previous fight at a bus stop. lakenya hall -lrb- above -rrb- of kenner , lousiana was arrested after driving six children to a fight where one was shot. hall was booked on six counts of contributing to the delinquency of a juvenile and disturbing the peace.
an eight-year-old girl , who lost her leg in a terrible accident last year , has given her first solo dance performance since she became an amputee eleven months ago - earning a standing ovation for her moving routine. although the dancer , who has been taking lessons since she was four-years-old , had to have her right leg amputated below the knee , she was determined to get back in the dance studio as soon as possible. i do n't have part of my leg , but i ca n't let that stop me. ' scroll down for video. major inspiration : alissa sizemore can be seen dancing on a wooden bench during her first solo dance performance since she lost her leg in an accident last may.
but the indiana university phd student could never have comprehended the source of the problem - an ` evil twin sister growing ' in her brain. surgeons operating to extract what they believed to be a tumour in her brain , were shocked to discover the growth was in fact an embryonic twin , complete with bone , hair and teeth. yamini karanam , 26 , a student at indiana university , was diagnosed with a pineal tumour in her brain after noticing she was struggling to comprehend things she had read , and felt lost in conversations. known by its medical name , a brain teratoma , the growth is very rare.
she 's won the london marathon three times but this weekend paula radcliffe says she 'll be happy to finish at all regardless of her position. the 41-year-old mother-of-two has battled back from injury to take part in the 26.2 mile race in the capital and a result wo n't be running with the other female elites but with the masses. ' scroll down for video. paula radcliffe finishes the london marathon on sunday after running with the masses to bring down the curtain on her professional running career. paula was delighted she could return to london to run the marathon again.
on sunday night , at the stade velodrome , it 's the dockers against the dauphins. the home side are ligue 1 top scorers , two points behind the visitors who are leaders and have won seven of france 's last eight classique matches. paris saint-germain forward zlatan ibrahimovic controls the ball during their training session. psg defender david luiz , formerly of chelsea , pictured ahead of their clash with french rivals marseille. lucas moura runs during training as psg prepare to meet merseille on sunday night in ligue 1. the fixture between blue-collar marseille and money-bags psg guarantees ferocity on sunday night.
the mother of the man slain by aaron hernandez is moving forward with a civil lawsuit against him and her lawyer said the former new england patriots player will be called to testify at the trial. ursula ward , the mother of odin lloyd , wants to look hernandez in the eye when he testifies during the wrongful death suit. hernandez , who did not testify at his criminal trial and had a $ 40million contract , was convicted april 15 of first-degree murder for killing lloyd on june 17 , 2013. scroll down for video. suing her son 's murderer : ursula ward , the mother of odin lloyd , at a press conference on wednesday about the civil suit she has filed.
a video taken from the point of view of a train driver captures a ride on the highest railway in europe , the jungfrau. the time lapse footage speeds along the 9km long electrified track , which leads from kleine scheidegg to jungraujoch and stands at an elevation of 2061m and 3454m respectively. opening in a tunnel built into a swiss mountain , the train careers towards the light and out onto the snowy slopes to race alongside the many skiers. two people quickly cross the track in front of the train as it begins picking up speed and passes alongside a ledge that looks down on chalets below.
a property tycoon has admitted damaging the historic mansion house which inspired one of britain 's best-loved hymns by giving it a gaudy makeover. kim davies bought the elizabethan manor in rural wales where cecil frances alexander wrote the lyrics to all things bright and beautiful. but he then made dozens of illegal alterations , including installing a whirlpool bath with shiny mosaic tiles , crystal chandeliers and spotlights in the ceiling. alterations : kim davies has admitted illegally altering llanwenarth house by installing chandeliers and other gaudy modern touches. glitzy : davies installed a shiny mosaic bath in the house , and has now admitted breaking planning laws.
a drunk teenage boy had to be rescued by security after jumping into a lions ' enclosure at a zoo in western india. rahul kumar , 17 , clambered over the enclosure fence at the kamla nehru zoological park in ahmedabad , and began running towards the animals , shouting he would ` kill them '. next level drunk : intoxicated rahul kumar , 17 , climbed into the lions ' enclosure at a zoo in ahmedabad and began running towards the animals shouting ` today i kill a lion ! ' mr kumar had been sitting near the enclosure when he suddenly made a dash for the lions , surprising zoo security.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- in this holy week , let us be reminded of what the word of god says about fair and living wages. cancel debts. the mcdonald 's announcement that the company is going to raise wages for 90,000 of its employees is a significant victory for fast-food cooks and cashiers and those of us who support them. by standing up together , fast-food workers are making it less acceptable for profitable companies like mcdonald 's to pay wages so low that its workers are boxed into poverty. but this action , which would raise starting wages at 1,500 mcdonald 's - owned restaurants to at least $ 1 an hour more than the minimum wage set by local law , falls short in three important ways.
and today , the pulitzer prize for journalism went to the post and courier newspaper of charleston , south carolina - which has a tiny staff of just 80 and a daily circulation of 85,000. the paper 's powerful photo series entitled 'till death do us part , ' on domestic violence scooped the top award for its exploration into why south carolina is among the deadliest states for women. scroll down for video. winner : this iconic photo by new york times photographer daniel berehulak , was part of a winning series , and shows james dorbor , 8 , suspected of being infected with ebola , being carried by medical staff to an ebola treatment center in monrovia , liberia.
a man who passed out at a friend 's party woke up with more than a hangover when he discovered a guest had tattooed his back. while josh darnbrough , 24 , slept , his mate rob gaskell , also 24 , inked the words ` if found face down call an ambulance ' on his back , using a diy kit. josh darnbrough awoke after a party to find that his friend had tattooed his back. josh -lrb- centre -rrb- was tattooed by his friend rob gaskell -lrb- right -rrb- who was taking revenge on his mate after josh had attempted to tattoo rob with an at-home kit and it went horribly wrong.
a brazilian model who shot to fame after winning the miss bumbum contest in 2014 has sparked outrage by posting a snap of her naked body painted with an image of the virgin mary to her instagram account , along with a special easter prayer. indianara carvalho , 23 - who had hymen surgery last year to ` restore ' her virginity so she could enjoy her first time all over again with ` someone special ' - accompanied the racy photo with the phrase : ` good friday. scroll down for video. sacrilegious ? indianara carvalho , 23 , accompanied the racy image -lrb- pictured -rrb- with the phrase , ` good friday.
anthony joshua stopped experienced american jason gavern in the third round on saturday night , but still was n't happy with his performance. gavern , in his 50th fight , was dropped twice in the second round and twice more in the third before the contest was waved off in newcastle. but joshua , who was returning from a five-month lay-off after suffering a stress fracture in his back , admitted he was not at his best. anthony joshua lands a left hand on jason gavern on his way to another convincing victory. ' i have boxed in glasgow , manchester , liverpool , london and i have to say newcastle is right up there with the crowd , so a big thank you to the fans tonight.
the shere volume of snow that fell earlier this year , nearly 65 inches fell in february alone , means that huge piles of the white stuff still remain. scroll down for video. vlad tarasov could n't resist filming himself ski down the slopes at boston 's largest snow farm located in the city 's seaport district. to some avid skiers snow is still snow and one in particular could n't resist the urge to take to the slopes of boston 's temporary new resort. vlad tarasov even filmed his journey down the slopes at boston 's largest snow farm located in the city 's seaport district.
scroll down for video. chlorine gas -- carried by favourable winds over flanders fields from german positions -- sowed terror and agony for the first time on april 22 , 1915. above , german red cross workers carry bottles of water to help revive troops. ' the chlorine seeped into body fluids and ate away at eyes , throat and lungs. some 1,200 french soldiers were killed in the chaos of that first five-minute gas attack. ` you drown in your own lungs , ' chielens added. on tuesday the organisation for the prohibition of chemical weapons will hold a commemorative meeting close to the fields.
five baggage handlers have been sacked by saudi arabian airlines after a video showing passengers ' luggage being carelessly tossed onto a conveyor belt caused outrage online. the 90-second clip was filmed by a witness in an indoor area restricted to workers at king khalid international airport in riyadh. it shows two male employees in blue uniforms recklessly hurling large suitcases onto the belt and against a wall as they unload a truck. for nearly two minutes the employees of saudi arabian airlines , also known as saudia , toss suitcases or fling them behind their backs without care or caution , apparently in an attempt to unload the truck as quickly as possible.
a former lager lout who ballooned to 24 stone has lost nearly half his body weight by giving up his favourite drink. rugby prop dale forrest , 26 , of bolton , would sink up to 12 pints a night , but decided to shed the pounds after seeing a photo of himself while out with his fitness fanatic friends. dale forrest would drink up to 12 pints a night - and ballooned to 24 stone - before giving up beer to lose weight. dale , pictured at his slimmest , was worried he would look like a ` beached whale ' next to his friends on holiday.
the world 's biggest bunny is preparing to see his heavyweight title challenged - by his giant son. darius , who measures over four feet long and weighs in at a whopping three and a half stone , is officially the world 's biggest rabbit. scroll down for video. new contender : jeff the rabbit , pictured with his owner annette edwards , measures 3ft 8in long and is set to challenge for the title of the world 's biggest bunny. the rabbits ' owner , annette edwards , 63 , from bromsgrove , says she looks forward to the day when jeff dwarfs his father.
an ohio woman was shocked this month when an officer cited her for leaving her dog in a hot car but , instead of writing a ticket , the cop forced her to sit inside to see how it feels. the strongsville pet owner was inside a walmart as the dog sat in the parking lot. in the recent ohio incident , the woman was left ` looking uncomfortable ' as she sat in her unventilated nissan sentra , but drove away with just a warning and her tail between her legs. scroll down for video. unorthodox : a cop ordered a woman in this ohio shopping center to sit in her hot car this month after officers discovered her dog locked inside her nissan sentra as she shopped in walmart.
the irs ' overloaded phone system hung up on more than eight million taxpayers this filing season as the agency cut millions of dollars from customer services. many of those people had to wait on hold for more than 30 minutes , irs commissioner john koskinen said wednesday. dead line : the irs ' overloaded phone system hung up on more than 8 million taxpayers this filing season as the agency cut millions of dollars from taxpayer services. a new staff report by republicans on the house ways and means committee says the irs diverted millions from taxpayer services and other areas to pay for president barack obama 's health law.
it first became the capital of myanmar a decade ago , after the government decided to move the capital from yangon -lrb- also known as rangoon -rrb- with minimal explanation. since then , although developed to be the size of 120 manhattans and to have space for up to one million residents , it remains a relative ghost town. scroll down for video. myanmar 's newly-built capital city , naypyidaw , is shrouded in secrecy , after the government decided to move the capital from yangon. built mainly for government staff , locals only come to live in the city , which looks more like no man 's land than a booming metropolis , if they need to for work.
expectant mom ambermarie irving-elkins felt a few contractions on thursday morning but thought she had enough time to run a few last errands before the arrival of her baby. she was in the stanley mosk courthouse in los angeles to pay a fine on thursday when she suddenly knew he was coming - and there was no way she 'd make it to hospital in time. scroll down for video. surprise : baby malachi elkins was born in the hallways in a los angeles courthouse on thursday morning as his mother , ambermarie irving-elkins , was there to pay a fine.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- three british citizens arrested in the united arab emirates after they were found plane spotting near fujairah airport are to be released monday , their lawyer , nasser al-hashem , tells cnn. the three have been in jail since february 22. no charges were filed , there will be no travel ban , and the men will not face deportation , he said. conrad clitheroes , 54 , and gary cooper , 45 , were on a five-day visit to the uae from manchester when they were arrested. the third man , neil munro , is a british national who lives in the uae.
london -lrb- cnn -rrb- ever written yourself a note , stuffed it in your pocket and headed out into the world only to discover that , somewhere along your journey , the piece of paper has disappeared ? if you live in the uk , there 's a small chance that note has found its way into the hands of 23-year-old daisy bentley. her quest has uncovered a fascinating , if idiosyncratic , collection of shopping lists , reminders , requests , love notes and motivational musings , all poignant pieces of others ' lives. and now a gallery in london has put a selection on display for the public.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- a gunman walked into a building on the campus of wayne community college in goldsboro , north carolina , on monday and shot the school 's print shop operator , killing him , authorities said. the school was placed on lockdown , and the gunman remains at large. all buildings have been cleared , maj. tom effler of the wayne county sheriff 's office said. the victim , ron lane , was a longtime employee. the suspected gunman , identified by law enforcement as 20-year-old kenneth morgan stancil iii , worked at one time for the victim and is a former student at the school.
after its name was booted from science books for more than a century , a new study suggests that the brontosaurus belongs to its own genera , and therefore deserves its own name. o.c. marsh first named the brontosaurus in 1879 , after he received 25 crates of bones discovered at como bluff , wyoming , according to the yale peabody museum of natural history. similar to , though not as large as the apatosaurus discovered a couple of years prior , marsh named the dinosaur , `` brontosaurus , '' or `` thunder lizard. '' apatosaurus had three sacral vertebrae in its hip region and brontosaurus had five , according to the museum 's website , so marsh gave the dinosaurs two different names.
former prime minister john howard found himself standing on the side of the road with a flat tyre recently , but luckily his driver was there to change it. mr howard was photographed standing on the footpath outside the sydney conservatorium of music in the heart of the city as his driver got down on his knees to jack up the flash car. scroll down for video. former prime minister john howard found himself standing on the side of the road in sydney recently as his driver changed their flat tyre. but as she inched closer she was shocked to see the former pm standing on the footpath.
bitten : austin hatfield , 18 , found the venomous water moccasin , also known as a cottonmouth , near his wimauma home last week -lrb- pictured is hatfield with the snake that is believed to have bit him -rrb-. a florida teen who kept a deadly wild snake in his bedroom as a pet and bragged about how many times he 'd kissed it was bitten on the mouth and rushed to the hospital saturday. austin hatfield , 18 , found the venomous water moccasin , also known as a cottonmouth , near his wimauma home last week. ` we was sitting in the kitchen and he ran out of the room saying hospital , hospital.
when floyd mayweather turned professional in 1996 , his ring nickname was ` pretty boy '. but as he grew more successful and became one of the highest-paid fighters in the world , he swapped that for ` money ' , fitting for a man who has earned more than $ 400 million in his career. mayweather is also not shy about sharing his extravagant purchases with the world via social media. scroll down for video. floyd mayweather counts his money , the boxer has earned more than $ 400million throughout his career. he also has a third , which cost him more than $ 3m.
but for the lucky minority with a few extra million in the bank , its seems the world is quite literally your oyster when looking for property around the world. from a lake garda mansion with a pool overlooking the water to an italian villa that looks like a castle and an antigua retreat with giorgio armani as a neighbour , these are some of the most spectacular holiday homes on the market at the moment. on the lombardy side of lake garda , this lionard property is a luxurious villa with one serious waterfront view. on the lombardy side of lake garda , in northern italy , lies a luxury villa with a view - just several miles north of brescia.
a science lecturer determined to teach people about different brain regions has shaved her head during an educational video. a graduate student then uses an electronic razor to shave the rest off , with piles of hair left on a bench in front of a projector. the short video was posted on the scientist 's brain talks website , which is designed to teach people about the different methods of studying the brain. ` there is a lot of silly stuff about the human mind on the web that misses out on the real science - and that is a shame because the real science is just as exciting.
pretty spot : queen victoria spent her holidays in osborne house on the isle of wight. ` it is impossible to imagine a prettier spot , ' queen victoria said of her holiday residence , osborne house on the isle of wight. from ryde there was a railway line that passed not far from osborne house but the nearest station was at wootton , more than two miles from the property. so , in 1875 , a station was built at whippingham , the closest point on the line to osborne house -- just to serve the royal residence. accommodation was built for the stationmaster , as well as waiting rooms with toilets for both ladies and gentlemen.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- a mammoth wave of snow darkens the sky over everest base camp. `` whoa ! whoa ! '' screams and expletives are heard. the few people in the video scatter and dive into a tent as the deluge of snow falls over them. nearly 4,000 dead in nepal earthquake. when they finally emerge from their avalanche ordeal , their faces are scarlet and their bodies crusted in snow. the harrowing two-minute clip shows the unimaginable scale of the avalanche that smashed into everest base camp on saturday. at least 17 people have been killed , with dozens injured and several missing -- likely buried beneath the snow and ice.
angus hawley 's brother has spoken of his shock after his brother , the ex-husband of antonia kidman , died of a suspected heart attack , age 46 , in new york on saturday. speaking to daily mail australia on monday , david hawley said : ` it 's a real shock , he was one of the fittest men i 've ever met -- he 's swimming everyday. ' scroll down for video. ` he did n't have heart problems ' angus hawley 's brother reveals shock after ex-husband of antonia kidman dies from a suspected heart attack in new york after ` returning from a swim '.
paul downton was brave enough to make huge decisions in his first 14 months as england 's managing director but the jury is still out on all of them at a time as the clamour for change has grown louder. it was downton who made the big call to sack kevin pietersen and reappoint peter moores as england coach. paul downton has left his role as managing director of england and wales cricket board. the move came a day ahead of an ecb board meeting that was meant to discuss the future of downton. downton , a former england wicketkeeper , is appointed managing sirector of england and wales cricket board , with his position taking effect from february 1 , 2014.
badou jack outpointed anthony dirrell on friday night at the uic pavilion to take the wbc super-middleweight title , setting up a fight with mandatory challenger george groves. jack , the las vegas-based swede who fights under the banner of floyd mayweather jr. 's promotion company , connected with a big one-two combination in the ninth round and forced the fight inside on a tiring dirrell -lrb- 27-1-1 -rrb-. badou jack -lrb- left -rrb- connects with anthony dirrell during the wbc world super-middleweight title fight. jack holds his belt after beating dirrell on friday night at the uic pavilion in chicago , illinois.
channel ten show the project has apologised after mistakenly using footage of the wrong african-american comic when promoting upcoming guest on the show , saturday night live star michael che. ` tomorrow , we 'll chat to the star of the daily show and saturday night live , michael che , ' the promo promised -- although , in a cringeworthy gaffe , two of the three clips shown were of che 's castmate , jay pharoah. che and pharoah are both in australia to perform a string of shows at melbourne 's international comedy festival. scroll down for video. presenter waleed aly apologised for the embarrassing blunder after viewers pointed it out on twitter.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- people magazine has anointed sandra bullock the world 's most beautiful woman of 2015 , the publication revealed on wednesday. bullock , 50 , joins a long line of actresses to receive the honor , including last year 's cover girl , lupita nyong ` o , and gwyneth paltrow in 2013. '' the cover story focuses on bullock 's home life with her son , louis , 5 , and her efforts to stay healthy and fit past her 40s. `` as long as i 'm healthy and strong and i do n't let this mind of mine run amok with insecurities about what i am not , i can look in the mirror and like who i see.
he 's used to picking up running backs but will soon be picking up fares as miami dolphins defensive tackle aj francis takes up a second job as an uber taxi driver. ' second job : dolphins defensive tackle aj francis has sent an application to taxi app uber as he wants be a driver during the off-season to earn extra cash. unusual decision : francis plans to work for the $ 40billion taxi firm during the sport 's off-season - a rare occurrence considering the money that professional players earn today. francis plans to work for the $ 40billion taxi firm during the sport 's off-season - a rare occurrence considering the money that professional players earn today.
floyd mayweather v manny pacquiao will be the biggest fight of all time financially and the most significant this century. where money man v pacman comes to rank among the most important fights in ring history will depend upon what happens that coming night in the mgm grand garden arena. in this , the sixth in a series of 12 fights that shaped boxing history , i recall when a hard man could take no more ... the no mas fight. sugar ray leonard v roberto duran. the first two of the three fights between the sugar man and hands of stone raised the curtain on what is considered the golden age of boxing in the classic middling weights of boxing , with ray leonard , roberto duran , thomas hearns and marvin hagler engaging each other in some of the ring 's epic battles.
a jealous woman in a love triangle allegedly kidnapped her lover 's other girlfriend and her two-year-old son last week - sparking an amber alert and a statewide manhunt across washington for the child last week. alyssa marie chang , 56 , was furious with the mother of little ronnie tran because she thought that the woman had been circulating doctored photos of their mutual lover in ` compromising sexual positions , ' police say. when the woman refused , chang allegedly shocked the woman with the taser , according to police. authorities say chang then allegedly kidnapped the woman and ronnie and took them to a home in des moines , washington.
for years , i 've happily forked out on pricey but irresistibly cute items for her from mini boden. but recently , the company has experienced more challenging times. profits plummeted 42 per cent in 2011 and , while they rose again in 2012 , they remained flat for 2013. glossy magazines have praised their spring/summer shoe range for its nods to designer brands. experts are putting the success down to the use of luxury fabrics , with more cashmere and silk mixes , plus more limited-edition pieces -- so there 's less chance of bumping into someone wearing the same outfit.
a jobless alcoholic has boasted of fathering 40 children who have cost the taxpayer more than # 4million in benefits and care costs. shameless mike holpin -- who at 56 says he wants more children -- claims he had them by 20 women and admits he would not recognise many of his offspring in the street. now engaged again , the three-times married man keeps track of their names with an ever-growing family tree tattooed on his back. if they had completed just one year in care each , it would leave the taxpayer with a bill for # 2.4 million.
the girlfriend of a google engineer who died in the deadly avalanche on mount everest described him as a magical person whose purpose in life was to constantly challenge himself. the arkansas-native is one of four americans confirmed to have died when an earthquake hit nepal on saturday , causing a tsunami of snow and ice to engulf the base camp. he was one of the four american citizens to die at mount everest during the deadly avalanche on saturday. arenson revealed that the google engineer and arkansas-native wanted to return to mount everest following the devastation of the avalanche last year - when 16 people were killed.
a little girl who slipped through metal bars and became trapped by the neck was saved by the heroic efforts of her neighbours. na chu had just returned from a trip to the zoo when her grandmother accidentally locked her in the house by herself in the xiangtan , south china. the five-year-old panicked and ran to the window but fell between the protective metal slats of the residential property , the people 's daily online reports. scroll down for video. neighbours rushed to help after they spotted the little girl hanging in the air with her head trapped between the bars.
' that 's the bizarre tagline for a new brand of japanese beer that claims to make women beautiful. the new collagen-laced brew , created by japanese liquor company suntory , boasts a five per cent alcohol content level and claims to have two grams of collagen per can. scroll down for video. a new collagen-laced brew , created by japanese liquor company suntory , boasts a five per cent alcohol content level and claims to have two grams of collagen per can. collagen is a type of protein found in skin that provides structure , firmness and texture , making people appear more youthful.
an african husband who took his elderly british wife to a care home for respite while he went to gambia is threatening to go on hunger strike after she was not allowed to return to him. ousman jatta , 45 , married wife beryl , 88 , in gambia 13 years ago and moved back to the uk with her when she became ill with dementia in 2006. mr jatta , who is his wife 's carer , had taken her to a care home in february while he returned to africa for three weeks. but when he went to pick her up he was told social services had intervened and ruled she could not go home with him.
but these giant arrows , which can measure up to 70ft in length , are actually a forgotten remnant of a bygone age. dotted among scrubland , placed in seemingly random spots , these huge arrows were once markers for early airmail flights across the us - forming the first land-based navigation system in the world. a huge concrete arrow is found in perfect condition in bloomington , washington county , utah. the bloomnigton arrow was one of 102 found by retired couple brian and charlotte smith , who have travelled across the us to photograph the monuments. the concrete arrows were placed at the base of lit beacons near airways , showing pilots the direction they needed to fly in to reach the next stop-off to deliver mail.
she 's just days away from giving birth but , as ever , the duchess of cambridge refused to let her style icon status slip during her second pregnancy. rather than swaddling her growing bump under baggy dresses , the 33-year-old dressed to impress every time she stepped out. but while mulberry coats and alexander mcqueen gowns did creep in , much of kate 's pregnancy wardrobe came from the high street. scroll down for video. from a # 35 asos polka-dot dress to seraphine shifts , the duchess is proof that you do n't have to splash out to look gorgeous while expecting.
lewis hamilton has barely put a foot wrong during the last year with mercedes on the track , but the reigning formula one world champion did admit to doing so off it in rather embarrassing circumstances. and it appears the british racer literally left his mark on one of the latter while attending nelson mandela 's 90th birthday party seven years ago. lewis hamilton told the clare balding show how he once stepped on former president bill clinton 's foot. hamilton -lrb- centre -rrb- said the incident occurred at nelson mandela 's 90th birthday party back in 2008. the british racer -lrb- left -rrb- shakes the hand of mandela ahead of his birthday party back in 2008.
two hours before the miami open semifinal , novak djokovic practiced his returns in an empty stadium , the ball coming at him quickly because his hitting partner stood three feet inside the baseline to emulate big-serving john isner. djokovic achieved a breakthrough service break against isner and won friday night , 7-6 -lrb- 3 -rrb- , 6-2. ' novak djokovic beat john isner in straight sets to reach the finalof the miami open on friday night. the no 1-seeded djokovic closed to within one win of his fifth key biscayne title and will face andy murray. the no 1-seeded djokovic closed to within one win of his fifth key biscayne title.
dr habeeb latheef is accused of sexually assaulting three women patients during consultations. a married doctor sexually assaulted three female patients while pretending to carry out medical tests , a court heard yesterday. instead the family gp allegedly unzipped his trousers and placed his penis in their grip. the patients had booked appointments with the indian-born doctor to deal with back pain and pins and needles. one of the women suspected he was also using his penis and turned to see him bent over and doing up his zip. the alleged offences came to light in december 2011 when a 37-year-old patient contacted police an hour after her appointment with latheef.
from the moment he emerged as a raw youngster in the england team you could see that. england have always produced swing bowlers but not one with anderson 's skills. he knew what he was doing , too , as soon as he came into the england side ahead of the 2003 world cup. jimmy anderson edged closer to sir ian botham 's record for england 's leading wicket-taker in tests. there have been a lot of english cricketers over the years who need telling what to do but jimmy is stubborn and i like that. anderson celebrates the dismissal of devon smith on day two in antigua , his 381st test wicket.
a police officer in toronto , ontario , has dyed his hair hot pink in order to protest against homophobia , discrimination and any acts of bullying towards lgbt people. in celebration of canada 's day of pink , an annual event aimed at raising more awareness and understanding about the lgbt community , police officer ryan willmer posted a picture of his fellow police officer luke watson on twitter , promising that a series of images of luke with pink hair would follow , if the first image was retweeted 500 times. tickled : toronto officer luke watson was more than happy to sport his new hot pink hair in support of the day of pink event held on april 8 across canada.
tiger woods has revealed his wrist bone popped out after he swung and hit a tree root during the final round of the masters on sunday. the 39-year-old was on the ninth hole when he found himself 470 yards away from the pin with the ball nestled in pine straws. however when he followed through , the four-time champion at augusta slammed the club into a root , causing him to wince and grab his hand in agony. tiger woods looks in agony after his club came into contact with a tree root on the ninth hole at augusta. the 39-year-old is clearly in agony as he is forced to drop his club on the follow through.
but the vintage eyewear may be set to make a comeback in a new hi-tech form , because bmw mini has produced concept smart specs to give drivers super-human powers such as x-ray-like vision. bmw group 's answer to google glass is designed to let drivers of its mini model see pop-up virtual displays for directions and other features -- and the elvis-esque glasses can also be worn out of the car. vintage driving goggles may be set to make a comeback , because bmw mini has produced concept smart specs -lrb- pictured -rrb- to give drivers super-human powers in the car.
a girl who believed she had a bad hangover was found to have 13 blood clots in her lungs. but when the 25-year-old started coughing up blood she knew it was something serious. she rushed to hospital , where doctors found 13 pulmonary embolisms , blood clots blocking the main artery of her lungs , killing the tissue and stopping her from breathing properly. she was treated with medication but , incredibly , a year later was dealt another blow -- when medics found another melon-sized blockage in her right lung. holly barber , 25 , was horrified to be told she had 13 blood clots in her lungs as she believed she was suffering was just a bad hangover.
abc is filming a proof of concept for a revival of `` the muppets , '' the hollywood reporter has learned. bob kushell -lrb- `` anger management , '' `` 3rd rock from the sun '' -rrb- will also co-write and is attached to serve as showrunner , with wilfred 's randall einhorn attached to exec produce and direct the presentation. abc 's `` muppets '' revival is being produced by abc studios and the muppet studios , which disney owns. the presentation is set to film next weekend on the disney lot in burbank with some of the original muppet performers returning.
this dog certainly is his master 's best friend after saving him from a cold and muddy grave. the black pooch was filmed in action as he took a rescue rope out to his owner at the clarence j. brown dam and reservoir in springfield , ohio , on saturday afternoon. footage shows the unidentified man then being hauled to shore by firefighters after spending almost two hours in waters hovering around zero degrees celsius. he apparently got stuck waist-deep in mud while recovering some duck hunting gear. luckily , he had a cell phone on hand to call 911. go fetch : this dog certainly is his master 's best friend after saving him from a cold and muddy grave.
this is the moment a clumsy baby elephant took a tumble as he rushed to catch up with his mother as she crossed a road. the cute calf had been taking a stroll through the bush with his mother at idube game reserve in south africa. careful ! a clumsy elephant takes a tumble as he rushes to catch up with his mother as she crosses the road. but when the baby elephant rushed to catch her up he appeared to get his leg caught in the grass. the clumsy little one stumbled as he stepped down onto the path and struggled to regain his balance.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- a south african university is celebrating the removal of a british colonialist 's statue after weeks of protests. university of cape town students took to social media to demand cecil rhodes ' statue come down , saying his legacy is tainted with racism. using the hashtag #rhodesmustfall , students expressed their views in a campaign that started last month. the university said wednesday the heritage authority granted it permission to remove the statue from the campus. rhodes ' statue was first unveiled in 1934 at the university , which also has a scholarship and memorial in his name.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- it 's a warm afternoon in miami , and 35-year-old emanuel vega has come to baptist health primary care for a physical exam. it is free to him under his insurance policy with no co-pay , as most preventive care is under the affordable care act. vega is one of more than 44 million americans who is taking part in a medical ritual : visiting the doctor for an annual physical exam. he also asks vega about his exercise and sleeping schedule and orders blood and urine tests. and 62 percent of those polled said they went to the doctor every year for their exam.
josh warrington will be accompanied into the ring by vinnie jones on saturday as he boxes in front of 10,000 passionate fans in leeds. the featherweight is quickly becoming one of britain 's best-supported fighters and will have his eye on a world title in the next 12 months. justin bieber -lrb- left -rrb- and lil wayne enter the ring with floyd mayweather before he fought canelo alvarez at the mgm grand in las vegas in september 2013. bieber joins mayweather after the us fighter beat alvarez to retain his belts during the title fight. former oasis frontman liam gallagher lifts the championship belt of ricky hatton in november 2008.
a brother and sister who had n't seen each other for 16 years have been reunited after they were matched unwittingly on tinder. erik de vries , 24 , and josephine egberts , 22 , were separated back in 1999 after their parents ' messy break-up , after which their father took erik and his twin brother maarten to belgium and their mother stayed with josephine in their native netherlands , reports datingsitekiezen. despite erik and maarten 's best efforts to later track down their sister , it was only after erik moved back to the netherlands , joined tinder and swiped ` right ' on josephine 's profile that they were reunited - but the penny did n't drop straight away.
a premature baby , born weighing a tiny 558 grams , astounded doctors by being able to go home almost five months after a medically complicated birth. the parents of etienne gould nunan , who was born at melbourne 's monash hospital in july last year , have praised medical staff for taking care of their son who came into the world not breathing , with a hole in his heart and a brain bleed. literally a few hours after i met him for the first time , the doctors said he was n't going to make it , ' his mother carman gould , who had an emergency caesarean at just 26 weeks , told nine news.
they are usually used to trap coffee grounds when brewing filter coffee at home and are perfect for catching oily sediment from your cup of java. they can provide an inexpensive way to complete a range of household tasks , from being transformed into temporary dish covers and snack bowls , to cleaning varnish off your fingernails when you 've run out of cotton wool. scroll down for video. they are usually used to trap coffee grounds when brewing filter coffee at home but paper filters have a myriad of other household uses. 1. worry not if your only microwave-friendly bowl has lost its lid.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- was it politics or something else ? no one is sure , but the headstone of hillary clinton 's father , hugh rodham , was found tipped over this week , just a couple of days after she announced her run for the white house. '' mcgloin said he 's tended to the grave site at the washburn street cemetery in scranton , pennsylvania , since rodham was buried there in 1993. police are investigating , but no other headstones were knocked over. police chief carl graziano told the scranton times-tribune that he suspects vandalism. '' mcgloin believes it 's no coincidence that it happened within days of clinton announcing her second presidential bid.
thousands of sea creatures are on display when guests book themselves into one of two visually stunning underwater hotel rooms at the five-star atlantis , the palm resort in dubai. with enough room for five guests , the underwater suites -- poseidon and neptune -- boast floor-to-ceiling views directly into the ambassador lagoon aquarium , which holds 65,000 marine animals , from the master bedrooms and bathrooms -- creating the illusion of being under the sea. scroll down for video. atlantis , the palm 's underwater suites boast floor-to-ceiling views directly into an aquarium from the master bedrooms and bathrooms. thousands of sea creatures are on display when guests book themselves into one of two visually stunning underwater hotel rooms.
manchester united players hung a fake bird above ashley young 's peg in the dressing room after a bird pooed in his mouth during a top-flight match , luke shaw has revealed. as united kicked off their premier league season with a match against swansea in august , young received a surprise delivery from a bird mid-match , much to the amusement of his team-mates , who took advantage of the situation. speaking exclusively to match of the day magazine , shaw said : ` ashley young is the joker in the dressing room. manchester united left back luke shaw -lrb- second left -rrb- trains at the club 's aon complex on friday.
q : i have been suffering from mouth ulcers for the past five months and feel i 'm living on bonjela and mouthwash. a : mouth ulcers may seem like a minor ailment but can actually be incredibly distressing. the pain can severely impact on quality of life , as eating and drinking are significantly affected. as many as 20 per cent of people suffer with the occasional single mouth ulcer and these are of no consequence. they are usually shallow and occur on the tongue or inside the lip or cheek. these small painful ulcers usually last no more than ten days and require no treatment.
there are moments when falcao sets off on those delayed runs in the bright red shirt of manchester united and it all comes flooding back. he made his name with porto , adding to his allure with those darting runs across opposition defences for atletico madrid and monaco during five glorious years in european football. chelsea away is a tough one to come into ; thrown into the team to start at the barclays premier league leaders because louis van gaal was short of bodies. radamel falcao strikes for goal but his effort is thwarted by chelsea goalkeeper thibaut cortois. falcao competes for a high ball with chelsea centre back gary cahill at stamford bridge.
instead , every culture , every generation , remakes jesus in its own image. a studly action-figure hero after the attacks of september 11 , 2001. flipping through the channels on a day millions of western christians celebrated the resurrection of their savior , viewers could choose from `` killing jesus , '' a natgeo production rebroadcast sunday on fox. `` a.d. , '' nbc 's sequel to the blockbuster miniseries `` the bible , '' and `` finding jesus , '' cnn 's addition to the ever-burgeoning body of christ-centered tv fare. does god have a prayer in hollywood ? what unites these disparate projects , besides a recognition that jesus always draws an audience and the good book is good for business , is the type of men chosen to play christ.
christian benteke 's hat-trick secured a vital point for aston villa in a thrilling game against relegation rivals qpr. here , sportsmail 's laurie whitwell takes us through the player ratings from tuesday night 's match at villa park ... aston villa 4-4-2 -lrb- diamond -rrb-. brad guzan 6. leandro bacuna 5.5. aston villa full-back leandro bacuna -lrb- left -rrb- tussles for the ball with qpr midfielder sandro -lrb- right -rrb- at villa park. qpr midfielder matty phillips -lrb- centre -rrb- dribbles forward with the ball as fabien delph -lrb- right -rrb- gives chase. ron vlaar 5.5. gave austin too much space for his strike and looked a little rusty after his spell out.
shanghai , china -lrb- cnn -rrb- when china 's biggest auto show opens in shanghai this week , the only models on display will be the ones with four wheels. the focus , instead , will be the latest offerings from an array of global car manufacturers , which -- models or not -- are pulling out all the stops to compete for chinese customers in what since 2009 has been the world 's largest car market. it sells several hundred of its super-luxury vehicles in china each year , and in shanghai this week will launch its latest model , the phantom limelight.
crown princess mary attended an anzac day ceremony in denmark over the weekend. the 43-year-old chose a dark ensemble for the event , wearing a knee-length purple dress beneath a black jacket and striking black millinery and gloves. striking : crown princess mary attended an anzac day ceremony in copenhagen over the weekend. commemoration : the australian-born royal stood with australian ambassador to denmark damien miller -lrb- second left -rrb- and turkey 's ambassador to denmark , mehmet donmez -lrb- far left -rrb- during the ceremony. mary 's attendance at the anzac day commemorations came days after her comments in a televised interview about dealing with loneliness.
the owner of five horses rescued from rising flood waters during this week 's storm of a decade in new south wales has revealed the amazing lengths her brother-in-law went to over six terrifying hours to save her horses. steve spowart dived down into the freezing cold water to cut the barbed wire and free the horses that had become tangled in fences amidst the floods. ` steve was cutting the wire , he had to dive right down into the deep water to cut it. ms sharrock watched in horror as her stud farm in woodberry , in maitland in the hunter region of new south wales - one of the worst affected areas by the storm -- rapidly flooded.
this a carer partying with friends and kissing her boyfriend in the hours after taking cash from two frail pensioners she stole # 5,000 from. rebecca calder , 24 , who was jailed for a year today , went out drinking on the same night she used her victims ' bank card to withdraw large amounts of money. sentenced : rebecca calder , 24 , who was jailed for a year today , went out drinking on the same night she used her victims ' bank cards to withdraw large amounts of cash , pictured left and right. calder posted regular partying pictures of facebook not knowing the family of the victims , a couple in their late 80s who have now died , had installed a spy camera and filmed her taking cash.
a former weber county court clerk has won a sexual harassment lawsuit against a former judge who wrote a love poem to her. a federal jury in salt lake city on thursday awarded more than $ 270,000 to marcia eisenhour after finding that former justice court judge craig storey violated her right to equal protection. the jury found storey liable for some $ 240,000 of the damages and the county liable for the rest. ' storey was a judge for weber county justice court from 1984 until 2010 , when a new ogden justice court -lrb- pictured -rrb- opened and took over the county 's caseload.
we 're starting with some international headlines today , covering events in switzerland , kenya and the pacific ocean. california 's historic drought is now hitting home for many residents and businesses , who 've been ordered to cut their water usage. transcript. click here to access the transcript of today 's cnn student news program. click here for a printable version of the weekly newsquiz -lrb- pdf -rrb-. 1. what nation voted to replace goodluck jonathan with muhammadu buhari as president ? 2. name the u.s. astronaut who recently blasted off for a nearly year-long mission to the international space station.
as a young prisoner of war , he survived the brutality of the nazi ` death march ' across europe. it means the second world war veteran could be forced out of his home of nearly 50 years and into a care home -- a move his son describes as ` like going back into a prisoner of war camp '. scroll down for video. public support : more than 127,000 people have backed a petition calling for brent council to pay for war veteran robert clark 's home help. but despite his war record , the council insists he can not be treated as a special case.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- donald sterling 's racist remarks cost him an nba team last year. a los angeles judge has ordered v. stiviano to pay back more than $ 2.6 million in gifts after sterling 's wife sued her. in the lawsuit , rochelle `` shelly '' sterling accused stiviano of targeting extremely wealthy older men. she claimed donald sterling used the couple 's money to buy stiviano a ferrari , two bentleys and a range rover , and that he helped her get a $ 1.8 million duplex. who is v. stiviano ? stiviano countered that there was nothing wrong with donald sterling giving her gifts and that she never took advantage of the former los angeles clippers owner , who made much of his fortune in real estate.
this is the terrifying moment that one wrong move sent a climber tumbling 10 metres down an icy cliff face. karlis bardelis , 30 , from latvia , was attempting to scale the cliff in coire an lochain , scotland , when the accident happened. ' scroll down for video. the footage shows climber karlis bardelis carefully traversing the ridge , left , but one wrong move sends him tumbling down the icy cliff face in coire an lochain , scotland , right. karlis bardelis , left , and gary kinsey , right , on headhunter 's summit on january 28 , 2012.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- the leader of yemen 's houthi rebels vowed not to back down on sunday as a top saudi military official claimed weeks of airstrikes had significantly weakened the shiite group. `` our fighters will not evacuate from the main cities or the government institutions , '' rebel leader abdul-malik al-houthi said in a televised address. '' his comments came after more than three weeks of saudi-led coalition bombings aimed at pushing back the houthis , who surged into the capital of sanaa in january and ousted president abdu rabu mansour hadi from power. hadi still claims he 's yemen 's legitimate leader and is working with the saudis and other allies to return to his country.
when floyd mayweather posted a picture of a signed contract for his $ 300 million mega-fight against manny pacquiao two months ago , there was a collective sigh of relief. after more than five years of wrangling and bickering , the richest fight in boxing history was finally set for may 2 in las vegas. floyd mayweather fights manny pacquiao next weekend but officially , no tickets are on sale. that 's not to say that nobody has bought one ; seatgeek , which claims to be the world 's largest event ticket search engine , is selling briefs for up to $ 30,000 -lrb- # 20,000 -rrb-.
not only are the plates artistically manufactured , but they come with equally pretentious captions. one description , featuring a hot pocket as the centerpiece , read : ` hay-baked hot pockets with hidden valley bacon ranch spheres and a puree of zoodles ' fancy that : the instagram account jacques lamerde is dressing up junk food as fine dining to poke fun at high-end restaurants. seen here is a corn dog with packet ham , spongebob squarepants macaroni and ketchup. i 'll have s ` more , please : this delicate assortment features generic chocolate cake ` from the freezer section ' , banana popsicle , ` muscle milk spheres ' and graham cracker pastry cream.
wasps ' director of rugby could not have asked much more from his gallant side as they pushed toulon all the way before losing their champions cup quarter-final at stade felix mayol on sunday. a pair of springboks , bryan habana and juan smith , were among a glittering non-playing contingent. wasps coach dai young has called for reform to the premiership salary cap so english clubs can compete on the european stage - the comments came after his team lost 32-18 to toulon on sunday. lozowski makes a diving pass while his ankle is grasped by the toulon player on the ground.
angelina jolie may have made the character world famous , but australia has its very own lara croft in the flesh , and her skill at playing call of duty has gained her thousands of devotees and a new job career. instead of going to work in an office , the brisbane gamer known only as bonnie doll starts up her xbox and goes on a killing spree with followers of her live stream. scroll down for video. tome raider : bonnie doll is australia 's answer to lara croft in the gaming world. i think i realised when i got enough funds from streaming i could pay the bills and have sufficient income to live comfortably , ' bonnie told daily mail australia.
a french television network has been hacked by people claiming allegiance to isis , forcing it to broadcast only pre-recorded programmes. the hackers completely cut transmission of 11 channels belonging to paris-based tv5 monde and took over its websites and social media accounts for a full three hours early this morning. the channel 's director , yves bigot , said the attack was continuing this morning. chilling : the isis hackers completely cut transmission of 11 channels belonging to paris-based tv5 monde and took over its websites and social media accounts for a full three hours early this morning. sick : the hackers posted documents on tv5monde 's facebook page purporting to be the identity cards and cvs of relatives of french soldiers involved in anti-isis operation in iraq.
europe 's oldest lar gibbon is enjoying celebrity status after a video of it strutting through a wildlife park went viral. brian the lar gibbon , who is 50-years-old , was videoed by amanda dorman from south lanarkshire , scotland , who captured the critter 's creepy walk on a visit to the lake district wildlife park near keswick. the seven-second video , which is accompanied by ms dorman giggling throughout , shows the lar gibbon sneaking across in its enclosure while looking back and forth at the filmmaker. richard robinson , park manager at the lake district wildlife park spoke about the video on the park 's website , he said : ` brian is the oldest lar gibbon in europe , and is very fortunate to be here.
maria sharapova and venus williams have both withdrawn from their countries ' respective fed cup ties this weekend. sharapova has been forced to pull out of russia 's semi-final against germany in sochi with a leg injury , the russian tennis federation said on tuesday. russian maria sharapova has pulled out of this weekend 's fed cup semi-final with a leg inury. the 27-year-old 's last appearance was in the miami open at the end of march , where she lost in the second round to world number 97 daria gavrilova in straight sets. sharapova -lrb- left -rrb- shakes hands after losing to compatriot daria gavrilova in straight sets in miami.
the father of one of three teenagers arrested in turkey on suspicion of trying to join islamic state fighters in syria works for the ministry of defence , it has been revealed. it is believed the man , from brent , northwest london , works in the military 's post office , where he could have had access to the names and address of all military personnel at home and overseas. he has been put on compassionate leave from his post , after the mod considered suspending him , a source has said. the father of one of three teenagers arrested in turkey on suspicion of trying to join islamic state fighters in syria works for the ministry of defence , it has been revealed.
hillary clinton shaped state department policy to reward big money foreign donors to her family foundation , an explosive new book written by a political foe will claim. the claims against clinton , secretary of state from 2009-13 , are laid out in clinton cash , due to be published may 5th by harpercollins. bombshell : clinton cash , right , a new book by peter schweizer , is set to spell out a trend whereby big money donors to the clinton foundation found u.s. policies coming out of the state department shift in their favor. the passage , and examples of the donations and decisions schweizer analyzes , were published sunday by the new york times , which was given an advance copy of the book.
england had a good day on tuesday at the start of this second test in conditions that suited them. england can be happy they are good enough to take wickets at home and when the ball is swinging and conditions are in their favour - like here. cook is frustrated after dropping a catch off marlon samuel , who was on 32 and finished the day 94 not out. cook and coach peter moores are under pressure to produce a result after drawing the first test. the biggest reason england have not won away from home since 2012 is that they are lacking something different in their attack.
a photographer has turned typical british locations including parks , villages and beaches into their own , individual planets with mind-bending 360 - degree photographs. once he finds the right location , he will spend hours slowly rotating in one spot taking the 50 pictures he needs to create just one image. ' he uses a canon 1100d dslr with either a 18-55mm kit lens or a tokina 11-16mm to shoot the photographs and then uses photoshop to stitch and layer the photos together. mr barbour says he finds photography as an unlikely escape from a recently diagnosed illness. it 's given me a reason to teach myself more intricate editing techniques.
michael owen has warned raheem sterling that life after liverpool may not be all he hopes it to be after the england youngster revealed this week that he had rejected a # 100,000-a-week deal at anfield. owen , like sterling , started his senior career at liverpool but eventually moved on to real madrid in 2004. chelsea , arsenal and manchester city are all said to be interested in the hottest property in english football , but liverpool are determined not to let one of their star players leave , even with his contract expiring at the end of next season.
the change of position was a decision my head coach , mike ford , made after the champions cup quarter-final against leinster. sam burgess is set to start at blindside flanker for the second time for bath on friday night. bath head coach mike ford believes burgess will make a bigger impact on the game from the backrow. burgess is still adapting to the 15-man code with his ball-carrying technique coming under scrutiny. we 've got , hopefully , five weeks left in the premiership and if all goes well i will stay at six , but i do n't want to be pigeon-holed.
amanda curtis , ceo of a fashion company in new york , snapped the lucky shot. '' she posted the picture to twitter , and within a few hours , it had already received hundreds of retweets. according to cnn weather producer rachel aissen , this would be a double rainbow that has been reflected in the sky , due to a smooth body of water underneath the rainbow. this is n't the first time rainbows have shown up in multiples. but the splendor of such a scene can render us speechless , even emotional -- much like the star of the famous `` double rainbow '' video.
a family overheard a terrifying message on their young son 's baby monitor after the device and its camera were hacked. that was until one night when they heard a strange man 's voice come over the monitor to tell their son : ` wake up little boy , daddy 's looking for you. ' a couple heard the terrifying message : ` wake up little boy , daddy 's looking for you ' come through their 3-year-old son 's baby monitor -lrb- stock image -rrb-. and the horrified parents , who do not want to be named for fear the unknown man could track them down , believe it is not just the audio monitor that has been hacked.
tim sherwood returned to white hart lane with his aston villa side on saturday and recorded a hugely important 1-0 victory against tottenham to dramatically increase his team 's chances of premier league survival. sherwood is renowned for his fiery displays on the touchline , so how did he fare during what is undoubtedly one of the more emotive fixtures for him ? sportsmail explains ... tim sherwood was visibly delighted at recording a victory with aston villa against tottenham. all was going well until his exuberant celebrations at the final whistle , which prompted an angry reaction from the home fans in the west stand but he merely shook his fist at them and disappeared down the tunnel.
spotted : pippa middleton is said to have been buying up the mull-cloth nappies in geneva. but the duchess of cambridge may be in line for a more practical present for her baby -- a supply of biodegradable nappies from her sister , pippa middleton. at # 4 each , the mull-cloth nappies are not cheap and they are yet to really catch on in the uk. most of their appeal comes from the fact that they are made from natural fibres -- meaning , unlike conventional nappies , they do n't end up in landfill heaps. kate is unlikely to be too concerned about their cost but will know that using eco-friendly nappies will please the baby 's grandfather , prince charles , a keen environmentalist.
david beckham 's 40th birthday celebrations next weekend were never going to be a small affair. and it is thought he will be staying at the five-star luxury amanjena resort , just outside marrakech. scroll down for video. david beckham 's -lrb- left -rrb- 40th birthday is on saturday , 2 may and reports state that he is to hold his celebrations at the five-star luxury amanjena resort , just outside of morocco -lrb- right -rrb-. amanjena resort amanjena -lrb- peaceful paradise -rrb- is the first aman resort on the african continent and is located just outside the ancient city of marrakech.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- marvel comics superhero hawkeye is a master with the bow and arrow. he 's also got a secret super-talent at singing ed sheeran parodies. the '' avengers '' character -lrb- played by jeremy renner -rrb- was a guest on `` the tonight show starring jimmy fallon , '' where he got behind the piano to showcase some of his other skills. billboard : jimmy fallon hits hot 100 with ` ew ! , ' featuring will.i.am. those talents , we 're told , include his collection of scarves and berets , his abilities on the trombone and he can open a pickle jar.
ronnie o'sullivan urged britain 's shoemakers to spare him crucible agony after getting through three pairs in a chaotic start to his betfred world snooker championship campaign. the five-time former champion was a 10-3 winner against craig steadman , a 32-year-old from manchester who endured a painful crucible debut. ronnie o'sullivan moved into the second round of the world snooker championship on wednesday. the five-time world champion beat craig steadman 10-3 in their first round contest at the crucible. ' o'sullivan will face matthew stevens in the second round after he beat fellow welshman mark williams 10-2. o'sullivan led 7-2 overnight and returned on wednesday morning to win the final three frames he needed.
a young choirmaster at an exclusive private school took a vulnerable student 's virginity just months after she confided in him that she had been abused by another music teacher , a court heard. edward moore was working in his first job as assistant director of music at king edward 's school in witley , surrey , when he had consensual sex with the 16-year-old student in his office. ' moore , from ascot , berkshire , was jailed for nine months on friday after admitting two counts of abusing a position of trust and sexual activity with a girl aged 13 to 17 years.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- two deputies involved in the fatal attempt to arrest eric harris in tulsa , oklahoma , have been reassigned because of threats against them and their families , sheriff stanley glanz said monday in a news conference. the deputies were trying to arrest harris when reserve deputy robert bates shot him. '' police appear on video saying , `` f*ck your breath , '' apparently in response. sheriff stanley glanz did n't specify the nature of the threats , but said he was `` very concerned '' for their safety and that of their families. he did not say what the deputies had been assigned to do.
a heroic mother saved her daughter from the jaws of a 13ft crocodile in a 10-minute long battle , armed only with a wooden washing paddle. diwalinen vankar , 58 , had gone with her 19-year-old daughter kanta , to the bank of the vishwamitri river , 40 kilometres from vadodara , in west india , to wash their clothes. diwalinen vankar , 58 , -lrb- pictured left -rrb- fought off a 13ft crocodile with a washing paddle after it attacked her 19-year-old daughter kanta -lrb- right -rrb-. the sudden attack rattled vankar , who hastily grabbed her daughter 's hand to try and pull her free from the clutches of the crocodile.
if you 're having trouble sleeping it could be down to the interior design of your bedroom. a new infographic from london furniture company made.com shows scientifically proven tactics you can use to change the layout of your room. sleep experts recommended you arrange your room symmetrically , install heavy curtains and keep pets out. if you 're having trouble sleeping it could be down to the interior design of your bedroom. sleep experts recommended you arrange your room symmetrically , install heavy curtains and keep pets out to get a more restful slumber. read on for a detailed breakdown of your step-by-step guide to perfect bedtime feng shui.
barcelona players were put through their paces as they put the finishing touches to preparations for the champions league quarter-final clash with french giants psg. the first-leg of the highly anticipated tie will take place at the parc des princes on wednesday. speaking to the club 's official website , defender adriano warned his team-mates ahead of the game they must be at their absolute best if they are to overcome psg 's star-studded squad , which includes the likes of zlatan ibrahimovic , thiago silva and lucas moura. ' xavi hernandez -lrb- centre -rrb- is challenged by rafael -lrb- left -rrb- and javier mascherano -lrb- right -rrb- during training.
avril lavigne has revealed she has lyme disease. the singer has no idea where she got the tick bite that infected her. scroll down for video. struggling : avril lavigne has revealed she has lyme disease. she is pictured here at her 30th birthday party in las vegas when she was fully suffering the effects. ` it felt like having all your life sucked out of you. ' symptoms of the disease range from headaches and joint pain to severe fatigue , heart palpitations , paralysis of the face and even dementia. if not caught and treated early enough with antibiotics the condition can persist for years.
it was just after breakfast , only a few short hours after the rampant champagne-fuelled celebrations into the early morning had ended , but carlo ancelotti knew exactly what he was saying. still in madrid 's five-star tivoli lisboa hotel , the ` fat boy with the bowl full of emilian tortellini ' -lrb- his own words , not mine -rrb- told an italian journalist friend : ` yes we 've made history by winning la decima -- but this is real madrid. and of course ancelotti was speaking after madrid 's two principal teams , sworn enemies , had contested the champions league final and he had lifted the ` cup with the big ears ' for the fifth time as player or coach.
rita wilson appears with an ensemble of actresses in a satirical new video promoting gender equality which ironically proclaims : ` it 's only fair that men should have it all. scroll down for video. poor guys : rita wilson pretends to be sad that men do n't completely dominate film industry in a new gender-equality psa by the make it fair project. ` in the past three years , only 93 per cent of films were directed by men , and only 80 per cent were written by them , ' the actresses , including meryl streep 's actress daughter mamie gummer , say at the beginning of the video.
mexican soldiers uncovered the suspected drugs tunnel and arrested nine people before they managed to dig under the border and successfully into american territory. scroll down for video. a mexican official prepares to descend the 10 feet long ladder to enter the hidden tunnel in the border town of tijuana. the 66ft deep route , which was still under construction and was being built next to the tijuana checkpoint , was wired with lights and ventilation. soldiers who entered the passageway , just west of a.l. rodriguez international airport , had to descend a 10 feet ladder to access the muddy path.
when you consider 80 per cent of our information about the outside world comes through our eyes , it 's hardly surprising studies show eye contact to be the most effective way to signal sexual interest. eighteen times more sensitive than our ears , our eyes are capable of responding to one and a half million simultaneous messages. scroll down for video. spring is the season for flirting so the perfect time to find out the five eye contact techniques that are scientifically proven to get you noticed ! the four-and-half second scan. a normal face scan lasts three seconds , scan for four-and-a-half and it 's clear someone has ` caught your eye '.
vassilis was born in a boat. a snooze in the sunshine : the eagles palace hotel is a fine escape zone for family holidays. today , tall and bronzed , like a warrior from the legions of alexander the great , vassilis is at the wheel of a speedboat thrumming across the sparkling seas off the mount athos peninsula in north-eastern greece. as we fly along like a turbo-charged bronco , dolphins breach the surface and plunge below , and then a sea turtle , almost 5ft long , slides alongside. the man who has sailed these waters all his life has n't seen a turtle here in 25 years.
from the first , when he drifted into a bunker on the right , to the final par five , when he fired one into the crowd , castigating himself as a ` dumbass ' -- although a shout of ` fore ' might have been more helpful -- woods took the long road around augusta. the galleries were packed as crowd favourite tiger woods struggled on his first round at augusta. woods reacts to a poor chip shot on the third hole as the pressure begins to tell. woods feels the heat at augusta with the world no 111 struggling to get under par during the opening round.
the ex of a woman convicted of killing their five-year-old son by poisoning him with salt has lashed out on facebook just days after she was sentenced to 20 years to life in prison. lacey spears of scottsville , kentucky , who was spared the maximum 25 years to life , appeared emotionless as the verdict was read in the death of her son garnett-paul spears. ' scroll down for video. garnett-paul spears ' -lrb- left -rrb- father chris hill -lrb- right -rrb- lashed at his ex and the boy 's mother on facebook this week expressing his hope that she would die in prison.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- every morning , sissa abu dahou puts on traditional male dress , known as a jalabiya , and heads into the streets of the egyptian city of luxor for a day of hard work. the grandmother of two has dressed as a man for 43 years to avoid oppression and eek out a living in the conservative muslim state. `` why did you do this mother ? '' her daughter asked during a recorded interview with egyptian television network cbc. `` your father died and i was six months pregnant with you. '' she replied. `` none of my siblings helped me.
an ohio woman discovered that her biological mother worked at the same company as her and lived only six minutes away. the ohio department of heath released birth records for people born between january 1 , 1964 , and september 18 , 1996 , last month , allowing people their first access to the information. she looked up her mother 's name , francine simmons , on facebook and found out she worked infocision - the same call-center operation company she works at. la-sonya mitchell-clark -lrb- left -rrb- of youngstown , ohio , found out her birth mother was francine simmons -lrb- right -rrb- after the ohio department of heath released birth records for people born between january 1 , 1964 , and september 18 , 1996 , last month.
so you might think mi5 would have more important things to worry about than running a competition for blue peter viewers to go to ` spy school '. but that is exactly what has happened , after three youngsters won a competition to visit mi5 's london hq. the winning contestants with andrew parker of mi5 -lrb- left -rrb-. the budding young bonds -lrb- seen here played by daniel craig -rrb- were chosen from among 5,700 other hopefuls. jamie , 13 , reuben , 13 , and ten-year-old finley were selected after a series of ` difficult ' tests to show they are young spies in the making.
when ulster confirmed the audacious signing of all black wing charles piutau this week , the scale of their transfer coup was illustrated by the complaints emanating from new zealand. ` i 'm extremely disappointed he 's going , ' said steve hansen , coach of the world champions , having learned that the 23-year-old had rejected a new deal with the blues and nzru in favour of a season in belfast , in 2016-17. that might not be the end of the short-term kiwi exodus , despite jerome kaino 's decision to stick around in favour of a shot at the lions in 2017.
stephanie scott 's heartbroken family have shared a sweet photo of her as a little girl , giggling with her sisters in a bubble bath - as they invited all mourners to ` show their support of our beautiful steph ' for her funeral tomorrow. the 26-year-old is believed to have been murdered after she disappeared from her workplace , leeton high school on april 5. school cleaner vincent stanford , 24 , has been charged with her murder. ms scott 's body was found by found by police in cocoparra national park , north of griffith , nsw , on april 10.
a mother-of-three who gained 12 stone after getting married when her binge eating problem became so bad that she hid calorific treats in her medicine cabinet has slimmed down to her pre-wedding weight. julia van herck , 42 , from fulham , west london , underwent surgery after ballooning to 23 stone after tying the knot with stefan in 1993. mum-of-three julia van herck gained 12 stone -lrb- left , at her heaviest -rrb- after binge eating following post-natal depression and amid fears that her husband would leave her. battling bouts of post-natal depression after having her children , julia says she would sneak downstairs at night and gorge on calorie-laden treats , fearful her life was falling apart and she was going to split with stefan.
a rescued seal pup who had been nursed back to health in a wildlife sanctury has washed up dead just weeks after being released into the wild after being run over by a boat. the female seal , who was called sponge bobby by rescue workers suffered horrific injuries to her face and back after the high-speed impact. the force of the collision broke sponge bobby 's jaw causing her a painful death off the dorset coast. sponge bobby the seal suffered horrific injuries after she was struck by a boat or a jet-ski on monday. the six-month-old seal had been earlier rescued in november when she was suffering breathing difficulties.
questions have again been raised about tony blair 's money-making since leaving downing street in 2007. tony blair 's global money-making projects face fresh scrutiny today after publication of a bizarre deal to sell the theory of ` deliverology ' to colombia. questions have also been raised about why the fees for the former labour prime minister -- who last week denied being in the ` league of the super-rich - are being paid by the united arab emirates , and not the colombian government. mr blair last week defended earning money since leaving downing street , claiming it pays for the ` infrastructure ' around him.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- a professor at texas a&m galveston said in an email to his strategic management students that they were a disgrace , that they lacked maturity -- and that he would fail the entire class. irwin horwitz , an instructional associate professor in the university 's department of maritime administration , told cnn affiliate kprc that he had finally reached a breaking point. '' in the email to students , kprc reported , horwitz said : `` i have seen cheating , been told by students to ` chill out , ' ` get out of my space , ' ` go back and teach ' refuse to leave the room after being told to do so following inappropriate conduct , called a ` f ***** g moron ' several times by a student to my face ... '' horwitz added that students spread hurtful rumors about him , his wife and colleagues , and that he felt the need for police protection in class.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- they were huddled in the back of a tugboat. the 117 migrants , mostly from sub-saharan africa , arrived in the port of augusta , sicily , around 1p. m. tuesday , after being picked up by the tugboat off the coast of libya. we had flown to sicily from rome following news that as many as 400 migrants had been lost at sea. the tragedy adds to the mounting death toll among those fleeing war and poverty in africa and the middle east. since 2000 , according to the international organization for migration -lrb- iom -rrb- , almost 22,000 people have died fleeing across the mediterranean.
a chinese man recovering in hospital after a car crash had a shock - when all 17 of his girlfriends turned up to see him. mr yuan , from changsha , was involved in the accident on march 24 and has been in hospital ever since. the women discovered his secret after doctors contacted all of them to let them know he had been injured. a chinese man recovering in hospital after a car crash had a shock - when all 17 of his girlfriends turned up to see him -lrb- above -rrb-. xiao li , who had been seeing mr yuan for 18 months , said : ' i was really worried when i heard that he was in hospital.
council bosses spent more than # 7,000 on a lavish three-course christmas banquet and disco for staff as a last blow-out before the local authority shut up shop. ards borough council in northern ireland , which will merge with its neighbouring authority next week , put on the taxpayer-funded dinner to ` maintain morale ' and to encourage workers to do a good job. ards borough council -lrb- offices pictured -rrb- spent more than # 7,000 on a lavish three-course christmas banquet and disco for staff. the christmas party -lrb- file picture -rrb- is the first the council has hosted in recent years , and will be their last as the authority no longer exists after a merger with its neighbour.
fact. whether he 's your coach , manager or interim , rafa benitez wins trophies. his napoli side 's 4-1 demolition of wolfsburg in the europa league quarter final last night gave that ominous feeling that silverware is once again within his grasp. since 2002 , benitez has won 12 trophies with valencia , liverpool , inter milan , chelsea and napoli. napoli manager rafael benitez saw his side beat wolfsburg 4-1 in the europa league. gonzalo higuain and benitez celebrate after beating wolfsburg in germany. manchester city , paris st germain and real madrid are all considering changes as are west ham and newcastle.
from the duke and duchess of cambridge 's 2011 wedding to the 2012 diamond jubilee , no royal event would be complete without them. now a trickle of royal fans , some familiar faces among them , have begun arriving at the lindo wing ahead of the royal birth. but the group , which includes well-known royal enthusiast margaret tyler , 71 , could be in for a long wait as the duchess of cambridge 's due date is more than a week away. joining mrs tyler was another familiar face - that of self-confessed royal ` superfan ' john loughery , 60 , who camped out overnight ahead of the 2011 royal wedding and was the only member of the public to attend every day of the inquest into the death of princess diana in 2008.
celtic 's ambitions of persuading manchester city to release jason denayer for another loan deal at parkhead next season are well documented. put simply , manager manuel pellegrini has confessed that his club 's young academy players are not yet ready to step into his first-team squad. therefore the likes of denayer may soon find themselves returning from loan deals to fill the gap. jason denayer has impressed while playing for celtic on loan this season from manchester city. celtic are keen to retain the services of the 19-year-old belgian defender , but face an uphill struggle to do so. city manager manuel pellegrini has confirmed that the club are looking to invest in homegrown talent.
the scene in the old government house hotel could not be further removed from the horrors of war. there is a soft swell of conversation as afternoon tea is served , a clink of cutlery on crockery , the discreet burble of tea being poured into china cups. rewind those seven decades and guernsey 's only five-star hotel -- pitched on the hillside above the harbour in the capital st peter port -- would have been home to a decidedly less relaxed atmosphere. seventy years on : st peter port in guernsey is one of the key locations for the heritage festival.
his penchant for topless scything has proved a hit with housewives around the uk - and sent many rushing to social media to declare their love for actor aidan turner , 31. turner set hearts aflutter when he stripped off to manfully mow a hay field with a scythe , an ancient cutting tool used for centuries prior to horse drawn and modern mowing machinery. scroll down for video. more like iggy pop : scything expert chris riley says his own physique is more like rocker iggy pop. if an experienced scyther were to put the same amount of energy into it as on poldark they 'd be getting an awful lot done.
a georgia police chief who said he accidentally shot his ex-wife while they slept was indicted on wednesday on a misdemeanor reckless-conduct charge , a prosecutor said. peachtree city police chief william mccollom called 911 early new year 's day to report inadvertently shooting his ex-wife , margaret , as they slept in their suburban atlanta home. peachtree city chief of police william mccollom , pictured left , dialed 911 to report accidentally shooting his wife margaret , right , as she slept in their suburban atlanta home early new year 's day. griffin judicial circuit district attorney scott ballard said investigators found no evidence mccollom intended to harm margaret mccollom.
a bill that would make hawaii the first state to raise the legal smoking age to 21 cleared the legislature on friday and is headed to the governor. the bill would prevent adolescents from smoking , buying or possessing both traditional and electronic cigarettes. governor david ige has n't yet decided whether he will sign the bill and said he will not review it until it is vetted by his staff for any legal issues , as is the case with all bills. jessica yamauchi , executive director of the coalition for a tobacco free hawaii , called the legislation that could raise hawaii 's smoking age to 21 ` groundbreaking '.
a young mother diagnosed with dementia at only 41 is living in fear that she will forget her teenage daughter as doctors predict her condition will deteriorate in just five years. kelly watson , of gateshead in tyne and wear , started having problems three years ago when she began struggling with her words and co-ordination. most likely she was bipolar or depressed. but after tests and a brain scan , she was hit with the horrifying news of early-onset dementia on her 41st birthday on june 23 last year. kelly watson , 41 , -lrb- right -rrb- said she is scared about forgetting her 17-year-old daughter , holly -lrb- pictured left -rrb-.
a student who identifies as gender neutral claims a whataburger in austin , texas denied service because the student was wearing lingerie. video footage posted to twitter from early on sunday morning shows a restaurant manager telling grant and a friend not to enter the fast food restaurant because grant was dressed in ` inappropriate attire , ' reports the houston chronicle. scroll down for video. denied entry : tyler grant , pictured outside a whataburger on sunday morning , claims the restaurant denied service because grant was wearing a dress. gender queer : tyler grant identifies as gender queer and though grant was assigned a male , grant sometimes likes to wear women 's dresses.
the queen and princess margaret recorded a special tape of favourite children 's songs for the queen mother 's 90th birthday in august 1990. pianist laurie holloway was invited to buckingham palace by princess margaret to accompany herself and the queen for the performance which was recorded on a cassette tape. the queen was 64 at the time and margaret 59. the queen , left , and princess margaret , right made the recording for the queen mother , centre , in 1990. the queen mother , centre right , was said to be delighted by the unique recording by her daughters.
former president bill clinton said he is ` proud ' of wife hillary rodham clinton 's presidential bid for the 2016 election. the former secretary of state and first lady kicked off her campaign , which was launched last week , in iowa and will move on to new hampshire on monday. bill clinton made the comment in oklahoma city on sunday where he was speaking at a ceremony marking the 20th anniversary of the car bombing that killed 168 people at the alfred p murrah federal building in 1995. in his first public comments on his wife 's 2016 presidential bid , bill clinton , pictured here in 2004 with hillary clinton , said ` i 'm proud of her ' while on a visit to oklahoma city.
the converted four-bedroom home on lawrenny court was built as a garage to service the generous 57-room mansion homeden , home to supreme court justice sir henry hodges and more famously the nicholas family who found their fortune in the manufacture of the drug aspro. the converted four-bedroom home on lawrenny court , with its bronzed clock tower and cherry wood doors , was built as a garage to service the generous 57-room mansion homeden. around 25 years ago , the distinctive toorak home was thoughtfully converted into the polished residence it is today. interestingly , the conversion took place at the same time homeden was being tuned into a block of flats.this provided the owners with a unique opportunity to buy some of the original features of the mansion and transfer them into the 740 square-metre garage residence.
this is the moment a family got a shock after an elderly buffalo escaped being dinner for lions - only to run headlong into their car. moya gerber was travelling in her vehicle through the kruger national park , south africa , when she spotted a male and female lion trying to bring down a cape buffalo. battle : moya gerber and her sister rone odendaal , 24 , spotted this struggle between two lions and a buffalo in the kruger national park in south africa , so they stopped to photograph it. collision : after a few moments the buffalo managed to escape the lions ' clutches , but headed straight for the road instead before running into the side of ms odendaal 's car.
people flocked to apple 's stores around the world to get a. close-up look at the apple watch , the tech company 's first foray. the device was available for preorder online and to try out. tim cook ,. ' scroll down for video. a throng of apple lovers gathers at its store in tokyo 's upscale omotesando neighborhood for their first look at the apple watch. apple ceo tim cook showed off his personal apple watch to customers at an apple store in palo alto. apple predicted on thursday that demand would exceed supply. without knowing how many watches consumers have ordered ,.
three friends got the fright of their life when they were confronted by a pod of baby killer whales while on a crabbing trip. steven sloan , joined by friends michael niccum and eugene dight were on an aluminium rowboat when the encounter occurred off the west coast of anderson island , washington. filming from the boat , steven captured the orcas swimming from afar -- two of them can be seen jumping from the water. at a safe distance : the group cheer in excitment as steven captures two orcas swimming and jumping from the water. according to steven , the group believe that the rope being pulled along the side of the boat is what attracted the pod to them , as its distinctive sound disturbed the whales.
films and tv shows depicting ` beautiful young vampires ' have led to a surge of young people dabbling in occult forces , an exorcism expert says. notable tv shows including true blood and the twilight film series - starring kristen stewart and robert pattinson - are said to be encouraging the surge and driving a new generation of what the church considers demonic ` possessions '. hollywood films portraying ` beautiful young vampires ' , such as robert pattinson in twilight , are said to be driving an increase in young people dabbling in the occult. true blood , featuring anna paquin -lrb- left -rrb- and joe manganiello -lrb- right -rrb- , is another tv show which depicts vampires living in modern society.
a population of wild wood bison were successfully reintroduced to the united states to freely roam the plains of alaska for the first time in over a century. the moment was captured on video and shows alaska department of fish and game biologist tom seaton leading 100 wood bison to freedom on a snowmobile. wood bison are north america 's largest land mammal , but the native alaskan species disappeared from the state more than 100 years ago. in the video the animals can be seen chasing after the snowmobile in a herd from within side a fenced track. wood bison were imported from canada to the alaska wildlife conservation center in 2008 but restoration of the threatened species was delayed.
a mother who appeared in the bbc 's controversial documentary ` people like us ' is facing jail after she refused to pay a fine for taking her teenage daughter out of school to go on holiday. karen wakefield and her husband paul dawson were one of a number of families who featured on the six-part bbc documentary , which aimed to show what life was like in harpurhey in manchester. mrs wakefield , who runs wishy washy launderette in the town , is due to appear in court after she refused to pay fines for taking her 13-year-old daughter out of school for six days to go on holiday to turkey.
help for heroes has launched a fundraising drive to keep world war ii veteran robert clark in his own home after a london council refused to pay for his ongoing care. brent council said it was no longer able to afford to pay for a live-in carer to stay with the 96-year-old former prisoner of war , despite the fact that mr clark spent his # 50,000 life savings on contributing to his care. scroll down for video. help for heroes has given robbie clark , pictured , an emergency grant so he can remain at home in london. the charity has already given mr clark and emergency grant to fund his immediate care needs , but they are seeking the public 's help to secure his future.
a qantas jet bound for perth was forced to turn back to sydney airport after a safety light turned on mid-air. the airbus a330 took off soon after 11am but was back on the tarmac by 12.30 pm after an indicator light showed a possible issue with the rear cargo doors , a qantas spokesman said. ` engineers are inspecting the aircraft. passengers will be moved to another flight due to depart sunday afternoon , he said. a qantas jet bound for perth has been forced to return to sydney airport after a safety light turned on mid-air .
bristol city will become the first football league club to win promotion this season should they beat bradford on tuesday night. the league one leaders managed to come away from second-placed preston north end unscathed , drawing 1-1 thanks to aaron wilbraham 's equaliser after jermaine beckford had opened the scoring just before the hour. regardless , steve cotterill 's side had been destined not to seal promotion at deepdale because results elsewhere did n't go their way. bristol city manager steve cotterill was happy to avoid defeat against preston on saturday. preston would 've gone to 83 points today and then have gillingham at home.
the real housewife was arrested following an emotional breakdown after a heated exchange with the maître d' at the swanky bar of the beverly hills hotel , daily mail online can reveal. in a downward-spiral , the 50-year-old recovering alcoholic admitted to dr phil mcgraw that she was drunk on the night of her arrest. scroll down for exclusive video. help : kim richards is now in a malibu rehab , but the star was out of control when she was arrested at the beverly hills hotel. she tells all to dr phil in a show that will air tomorrow. pouring her heart out : the reality star admits to dr phil that she had a glass of vodka at her daughter brooke 's house.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- a white police officer claims he feared for his life and is justified in killing an unarmed black man. a police chief supports the police officer , who is ultimately exonerated , and a predominantly black community seethes with rage because it knows that an injustice was done. spoiler alert : cop gets away with it. routine stops for walking in the middle of the street or driving with a broken taillight -- these should not result in anyone 's death. but time and again it ends with a black man dead in the street and the community has no recourse.
manny pacquiao may be aiming to conquer opponent floyd mayweather jnr on may 2 , but the boxer first set himself the target of conquering the mountains as he continued his harsh training regime. manny pacquiao trains with his team at griffith park in los angeles , california ahead of the mega-fight. pacquiao took to the mountains as he prepares to take on floyd mayweather jnr in may. pacquiao and his team continue their high intensity training ahead of the upcoming mega-fight. the filipino-fighter stops for some stretches after reaching the mountain 's summit with his training team. it is now less than a month before the two go head-to-head in las vegas for what will be the richest bout in boxing history.
islamic state have reportedly launched their own ` health service ' , bearing remarkable similarities to the publicly funded british health service , the national health service -lrb- nhs -rrb-. the video features an australian pediatrician and an indian physiologist , urging foreign doctors to travel to syria and help isis with their new health care service. emerging last night on social media , the video 's poster show a cropped image of a doctor , wearing an nhs style blue surgical scrubs , almost identical to images seen on the british healthcare service 's leaflets. the video 's poster shows a cropped image of a doctor , wearing an nhs style blue surgical scrubs which appear almost identical to images seen on the british healthcare service 's leaflets.
belly flop to belly up ? it 's fair to say steve bruce has had better weeks than this one , which featured the publication of some poolside diving snaps and culminated in a defeat that suggests hull might yet bomb out of the premier league. not when their final seven games include fixtures against southampton , liverpool , arsenal , tottenham and manchester united. bafetimbi gomis roars with celebration after giving swansea a 2-0 lead against hull at the liberty stadium on saturday. gomis unleashed a thunderous overhead kick shortly before half-time to capitalise on some poor hull defending. the french striker fires a spectacular volley past allan mcgregor and into the roof of the hull net to double the home side 's lead.
it would n't make much of a breakfast , but this tiny egg could give a schoolgirl and her pet hens a place in the guinness book of records. shannon hayes , 12 , believes one of them has laid the smallest chicken egg in the world. after doing some research on the internet , she thinks its length of 1.8 cm -- smaller than a 5p coin -- shaves two millimetres off the previous title-holder. it is very tiny and you would n't want it for breakfast. ' shannon hayes , centre , believes her pet hen , right , has laid the world 's smallest ever egg , left.
a russian biker gang , which vladimir putin describes as his ` friends ' , has camped out on the polish border after being banned from entering the country for a world war ii memorial ride. polish authorities said last week they would ban entry to the night wolves , with leaders calling their plans to ride through poland en route to commemorations of world war ii a ` provocation '. the group vowed to enter anyway and 15 were seen monday morning at the border crossing between brest , belarus , and terespol , poland. scroll down for video. links : vladimir putin rides a harley davidson trike next to night wolves leader alexander zaldostanov in the black sea port of novorossiysk , in 2011.
but just months after winning a modelling contest that would take her overseas , the 12-year-old 's lofty plans to make it to the runway hit a snag. venessa was diagnosed with a rare form of bone cancer on january 5 after a nasty fall , which left her with pains in her leg. aspiring model venessa harris , 12 , was diagnosed with bone cancer just months after she won a talent search. venessa is pictured with her proud mother , karen monaghan , and grandmother , lyn harris. at first doctors dismissed it as growing pains but shortly after discovered she had ewing 's sarcoma as her discomfort continued.
manchester united star ryan giggs has apologised to his brother for the eight-year affair he had with his wife. ryan , 41 , phoned rhodri , 38 , and the two brothers are now reconciling in an attempt to rebuild their relationship. celebrity big brother star : natasha giggs had an eight-year affair with football legend ryan giggs. reconciliation : rhodri -lrb- left -rrb- and brother ryan -lrb- right -rrb- have ended their four-year feud over the affair. a source told the sun newspaper that ` ryan rang rhodri out of the blue a few weeks ago. ' on easter sunday the two brothers were spotted out together with friends at the neighbourhood bar in manchester.
but 11-month-old babies have already mastered the fundamentals of physics. scroll down for video. babies in the study reacted with surprise when objects like this toy car appeared to break the laws of gravity. importantly , the babies shown the magic tricks were more interested in playing with the ball than a brand new toy that they had never seen before. babies might be smarter than we had previously thought and can understand complex social situations from the age of just 13 months old. a study by psychologists at the university of missouri has found that infants are able to comprehend what constitutes bullying , friendship and what it means to be a bystander.
although once known as one of hollywood 's most infamous bad boys , becoming a father has turned colin farrell into a dedicated family man who puts family before chasing women. having been linked with a string of the world 's most famous beauties - angelina jolie , demi moore , britney spears , elizabeth taylor - the actor says he 's now hung up his prowling boots. scroll down for video. colin farrell has claimed that he 's no longer the womaniser we once knew , and has n't dated in four years. the 38-year-old actor says that he 's now focusing on resurrecting his acting career -lrb- pictured here in the upcoming second series of true detective -rrb- and being a good father to his two sons james and henry.
after many years of speculation , bunkie king has finally laid to rest rumours about the nature of relationship with australian actor jack thompson and her older sister , leona. the 60-year-old 's first meeting with thompson was when she was 15 years old sydney school girl , and has now revealed the salacious details of their 15-year affair and unconventional arrangement. scroll down for video. bunkie king , 60 , has revealed how her three-way relationship with australian actor jack thompson and her sister worked. ms king , also appeared with thompson in 1975 movie scobie malone , had a 15-year affair with the womanising actor.
arsenal have been here before. manchester city sniffing around with their millions , looking to prize away some of arsene wenger 's finest talent. jack wilshere is the latest man linked with a switch to the etihad stadium , where he would follow the likes of emmanuel adebayor , bacary sagna and samir nasri who swapped london for the north-west as city stormed towards premier league and fa cup glory. the gunners are now ahead of city in the table and appear to be a club on the up , while the men from manchester must rebuild. and if # 30million or more is truly on the table for wilshere , arsenal must consider it.
sharon winters was searching for her soulmate when she met kevin hawke on an online dating site - but less than two weeks later she was dead after he stabbed her in a brutal knife attack. now her brother stephen robinson , 44 , from wirral , merseyside , is speaking for the first time since his sister 's murder , to warn other women to be careful when looking for love online. ' sharon winters , pictured here with her brother stephen robinson , was looking for her soulmate online. kevin hawke has been jailed for 17 and a half years for murdering sharon in a frenzied attack triggered by an argument over what to watch on the television.
in just eight weeks , lily james , the british star of disney 's new blockbuster cinderella , has worn more than # 300,000 worth of frocks , shoes and jewellery designed by the glitziest names in fashion as she 's promoted her film. from # 3,000 jimmy choo shoes to a # 35,000 gown and a # 40,000 necklace , claudia connell and eliza scarborough reveal how downton abbey star lily 's very special wardrobe would be a stretch even for prince charming 's bulging wallet. scroll down for video. luxurious : in just eight weeks , lily james , the british star of disney 's new blockbuster cinderella -lrb- pictured -rrb- , has worn more than # 300,000 worth of frocks , shoes and jewellery.
more than 50 dead greyhounds have been found dumped in queensland bushland , with a taskforce set up to probe live-baiting in the state now investigating the grim find. at least 55 carcasses were found in the coonarr area , near bundaberg , on tuesday. a joint rspca and queensland police taskforce is now investigating. rspca spokesman michael beatty says it 's understood the dogs were killed before a four corners special which exposed the horrors of the greyhound racing industry. ` the indications are that these may just be young dogs that did n't have the speed , basically. at least 55 carcasses were found in the coonarr area , near bundaberg , on tuesday , with the rspca.
a paramedic who pretended he was gay to get close to women before sexually assaulting them has been struck off the medical register. christopher bridger , 25 , from stevenage , hertfordshire , attacked three women after separate drinking sessions and was jailed for 12 years after being convicted of rape and four other abuse charges last year. christopher bridger , 25 , who was jailed for 12 years after he sexually assaulted three women , has been struck off the medical register. a jury at guildford crown court , surrey , found him guilty of raping a fellow student while he was studying to be a paramedic at st george 's university hospital in london in 2008.
but do n't let these glitches ruin your fun in the sun , surf and sand. below , mailonline travel looks at the top hacks , which are sure to cure any seaside holiday struggle. when travelling this summer , there are some basic travel hacks that can help make your holiday go off without a hitch. to add a sun-kissed glow to your locks , simply squeeze lemon juice onto your strands before sitting in the sun. naturally highlight your hair. to get that sun-kissed glow without ever entering a salon , simply squeeze citrus juice onto your hair before heading outside - it will react.
newcastle supporters have been encouraged to stand up in protest against mike ashley 's running of the club when they face swansea at st james ' park on saturday. fans group ashleyout.com was behind last sunday 's boycott of the 3-1 defeat at home to spurs , which saw at least 10,000 supporters stay away as their side lost a sixth game on the spin. newcastle announced record profits of # 18.7 million earlier this month before revealing that a further # 34m is sat in the bank. newcastle united fans have planned a mass protest against owner mike ashley on saturday afternoon.
without warning , the mother-of-two lost all control of her body while she was behind the wheel of her car. gripped by what would later be diagnosed as a rare brain disorder , the 40-year-old crashed. she blamed her uncontrollable shaking in the aftermath of the accident on her shock. but over the following days , when she lost control of her bladder repeatedly , she feared something else was to blame. tests revealed she was suffering functional neurological disorder - an umbrella term for a wide variety of neurological symptoms that doctors can not explain. samantha rawcliffe , 40 , from morecambe , has been diagnosed with the rare condition functional neurological disorder - an umbrella term to cover a range of neurological symptoms.
jeremy clarkson last night launched into a bizarre rant about being sacked from the bbc , saying the upside meant he could now swear without being reprimanded. the former top gear presenter made his comments when he was guest of honour at a charity auction in the cotswolds. ' scroll down for video. jeremy clarkson pictured at the chipping norton charity gig , where he joked he was ` trawling the job centre ' hundreds of fans paid # 15 a ticket to watch the former top gear presenter oversee the auction. hundreds of fans paid # 15 a ticket to watch clarkson oversee the auction at chipping norton town hall.
the baggage handler who caused an emergency landing when he woke up inside the cargo hold of an airborne flight has come forward for the first time to detail the frightening experience , but still wo n't explain how he fell asleep to begin with. willa junior sat down with abc news for an interview , and says he was exhausted and dozed off while loading a plane at seattle-tacoma airport on april 13 and woke up when a piece of luggage landed on his head. ' scroll down for video. taking responsibility : willa junior is the seattle-tacoma baggage handler who fell asleep in the cargo hold of a plane earlier this month , and became trapped inside when the plane took off.
former tech executive carly fiorina is set to become the second woman in the 2016 white house hunt -- if a report published wednesday afternoon is accurate. the onetime hewlett-packard ceo will launch a formal campaign. but fiorina spokeswoman sarah isgur flores told daily mail online that it 's just a rumor at this point. scroll down for video. campaign-in-waiting : carly fiorina spoke tuesady at a public library in council bluffs , iowa , in the state whose presidential primary caucuses can make or break a candidacy. hear me roar : fiorina spoke at the republican leadership summit on saturday in nashua , new hampshire.
the tory party chairman is accused of deleting embarrassing references to his past from his own page in the online encyclopedia while putting unflattering updates on the pages of others. a furious mr shapps denied the claims , published by the guardian , describing them as an ` extreme dirty tricks campaign '. david cameron defended mr shapps , saying that the party chairman is doing ' a great job ' while on the campaign trail today. scroll down for video. grant shapps , pictured campaigning with esther mcvey yesterday , has been accused of changing wikipedia pages to promote himself and damage rivals.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- there 's an old saying which states the cape verde islands are home to a greater number of musicians per square kilometer than any other country in the world. situated roughly 350 miles off the west coast of africa , cape verde has long been a mesh of cultures , history and races. the former portuguese territory was once a key location for the transatlantic slave trade , a target for 16th century pirates and a refuge for exiled jews. from this diverse melting pot were born the unique sounds of the batuque , morna , funana and other distinct musical styles.
the podium girl is the centre of a ` sexism storm ' after lewis hamilton sprayed champagne in her face said she was n't offended by his stunt - and was just doing her job. the british formula 1 racer drew criticism from around the world when he aimed the fizz directly as the face of 23-year-old grid girl liu siying , who was pictured looking less than impressed. but the shanghai institute of visual art graduate , who was a ` podium girl ' at the chinese grand prix. scroll down for video. liu siying was pictured grimacing as lewis hamilton sprayed champagne at her face after winning the race.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- two years ago , the storied boston marathon ended in terror and altered the lives of runners , spectators and those who tried to come to their rescue. just last week , dzhokhar tsarnaev was convicted on 30 charges related to the bombings at the race and the dramatic violence that dragged out for days afterward. the death penalty is on the table. dzhokhar and his brother tamerlan , who was killed in a shootout with police , were intent on terrorizing not just bostonians , but all americans , prosecutors said. the injured victims and those who lost their lives were spoken of with reverence in somber ceremonies.
a woman who was addicted to energy drinks ballooned to a size 20 after spending # 11,000 on her high-sugar habit in just four years. jade wimsey , 24 , from goole , east yorkshire , would down up to seven cans a day at more than # 1.50 a pop and totalling more than 1,540 calories. jade wimsey went from a size 12 to 20 in four years as she guzzled up to seven cans of energy drinks a day. ' i never associated energy drinks with gaining weight. i did n't really consider the hidden calorie or sugar content in them , ' said jade , who runs a blog called girlupnorth.co.uk.
cellphone footage appears to show a minneapolis police officer threatening to break the legs of a teenager who claims he was pulled over because of racial profiling. the march 18 video recorded by faysal mohamed lasts for 30 seconds and begins with a police officer giving a violent warning while his gun was trained on the teen and his two friends. i do n't screw around , ' says the officer. keeping calm , mohamed 's friend replies to the officer without missing a beat to say , ` who said i was going to run ? ' scroll down for video.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- it was all set for a fairytale ending for record breaking jockey ap mccoy. 25-1 outsider many clouds , who had shown little form going into the race , won by a length and a half , ridden by jockey leighton aspell. aspell won last year 's grand national too , making him the first jockey since the 1950s to ride back-to-back winners on different horses. yet for much of the grand national -- arguably the world 's most famous and certainly the sport 's most prestigious jump race -- it looked as if ap mccoy was about to write an ending befitting the career of a man who has dominated jump racing for two decades.
with 17 feature films , two fashion campaigns and a role as a un ambassador under her belt , it 's hard to believe that emma watson is just 25. now renowned for her effortless style and influential role in women 's right movements , emma has come a long way from her frizzy-haired days as harry potter 's loyal companion. scroll down for video. emma watson turns 25 and has already carved a career that many of us can only dream of. but how has the actress made the transition from hermione granger to a feminist heroine ? here , femail charts her 14 years in the spotlight that have made her a global icon.
steven gerrard leaves his beloved liverpool at the end of the season after an illustrious career and amazingly club legend steve heighway predicted that he 'd be a success - in a newspaper article in 1992. the former england captain moves across the pond to mls side la galaxy , where he embarks on a new challenge. a fresh-faced gerrard was pictured in the paper at just 12-years-old , when he was an up and coming talent in liverpool 's academy. a young looking steven gerrard was pictured in the paper alongside the article written in 1992. ` he has enormous natural talent and is a liverpool fan through and through.
at half-time , everything pointed to another humiliating english defeat in dublin. outmuscled at the breakdown , bullied in the scrum and laboured in the line-out , bath were in danger of going down every bit as tamely as england had a month ago. bath fly half george ford ghosts past leinster full-back rob kearney on his way to fine individual score at the aviva stadium. the england no 10 's solo-try was the only score that the west country outfit managed to register in the first-half. had it not been for a penalty conceded by replacement matt garvey with seconds on the clock , they may well have won.
a woman from nova scotia who has a prosthetic leg may have started off on the wrong foot with someone who shares a parking lot with her. ' i have a video of you walking away from your car on numerous occasions , you are not handicapped ! the next time you park here i will forward the video 's to police with your license plate number. scroll down for video. hidden disability : if natasha hope-simpson was n't holding a cane in this photograph , one might not be able to tell she was missing a part of her leg because she wears a prosthetic limb that helps her walk.
chinese designers have developed an contraption called the bike washing machine that contains a washing machine drum in its front wheel. when ridden , the pedalling motion causes the drum to rotate , churning your clothes inside like a traditional washer. chinese designers have developed a washing machine so cyclists can clean clothes while exercising -lrb- above -rrb-. a generator inside the bike also creates electricity which can be stored for future use. the designers , based at dalian nationalities university , do not say whether the bike will automatically fill and drain with water too. they say , however , that the device could be a solution for those who want both a washing machine and an exercise bike but can not find space for both.
former rangers striker marco negri has revealed he quit the scottish giants after fearing he was hiv-positive. negri joined the ibrox outfit from italian side perugia for # 3.5 million in 1997 , scoring a staggering 23 goals in his first 10 league games for the club. however , a series of injuries destabilised his career in glasgow including a reserve match against aberdeen on november 13 , 2000. ex-rangers forward marco negri has revealed that he quit the club after fearing he had aids. cosenza -lrb- italy -rrb- - 19 goals in 34 league games - -lrb- 1994-95 -rrb-. after hospital tests and treatment for what was perceived as a ` deep wound ' , negri returned to action in the new year to train with the reserve team where he suffered a shooting pain in his right knee and leg.
now , you no longer need to hotfoot it to the department store or chemist to stock up on make-up -- because fashion retailers have got in on the beauty act. fashion retailers have started to get in on the beauty act with plenty of shops now offering their own make-up ranges as well as clothing. from marks and spencer to primark , they 're all at it , flogging foundation and lippy alongside frocks and leggings. but are any of them worth splashing your cash on ? claire coleman put some of the biggest fashion beauty brands to the test ... topshop beauty.
if ian botham is going to watch his test wickets record get beaten by jimmy anderson , he might as well earn himself a bit of cash doing it. after spotting that skybet were offering 9/4 on the lancashire seamer to take four wickets in the first innings on wednesday morning , beefy , who remains england 's leading wicket-taker for the time being with 383 , tweeted : ` i 'll have a go at that price !!! ' sir ian botham was tempted to bet on jimmy anderson breaking his record on the third morning in antigua. with botham 's record in his sights , all eyes at the sir vivian richards stadium were on anderson -- including those of his wife daniella and daughter ruby luxe.
an oklahoma woman believes she has secured photographic evidence of the legendary blood-sucking beast , el chupacabra. vonda thedford , 55 , told fox news that she was driving along a pittsburg county rural road earlier this month when she spotted the mysterious carcass lying on the ground. when she stopped to look at the dead creature , she was disturbed to see it had ' a little truck ' in place of a nose , ` little toes ' and ` hair on its tail '. scroll down for video. caught on camera : an oklahoma woman believes she has secured photographic evidence of the legendary blood sucking beast , el chupacabra -lrb- above -rrb-.
a young bride planned a fairytale wedding and married her fiancé just six days after finding out his cancer is terminal. laura jordan , 24 , was told her now husband , jack jordan , 23 , had just weeks to live on saturday april 11 , having battled leukaemia since 2013. the couple , from brixham , devon , got engaged at jack 's hospital bedside just two months ago after being left devastated by the news. scroll down for video. laura and jack on their wedding day yesterday , april 16 , at the torbay hospital chapel. friends , family , and hospital stuff rushed to plan the pair 's dream wedding , and laura and jack got married in torbay hospital chapel just six days after the heartbreaking news - and ed sheeran even sent them a personal video.
more than 2,200 walmart employees are now unemployed after the retail corporation announced it was temporarily closing five stores for ` extensive ' plumbing repairs. workers at two texas stores , as well as in california , florida and oklahoma , were notified only a couple of hours before they lost their jobs. scroll down for video. more than 2,200 walmart employees are now unemployed after the retail corporation announced it was temporarily closing five stores for ` extensive ' plumbing repairs. ` everybody just panicked and started crying , ' deli department manager venanzi luna told cnn money. walmart will put both the full-time and part-time workers affected by the closures on paid leave for two months as they try to transfer to another walmart location.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- fifty years ago in frankfurt , german prosecutors tried 22 former nazi ss soldiers at auschwitz in what remains the most famous holocaust trial staged in germany. at the time , fritz bauer , the german-jewish attorney general of hessen , expressed the simple hope that `` sooner or later , one of the accused would step forward and say : ` what took place -- it was horrific , i 'm sorry. '' the refusal of perpetrators to own up to their guilt remains one of the most disappointing aspects of holocaust trials. john demjanjuk , whose conviction by a munich court in 2011 established the precedent that has now made possible the trial of oskar gröning , remained defiantly silent during his 18-month trial , never so much as breathing a word of acknowledgment or remorse.
executives at coronation street have reportedly just overturned a ban on their cast offering their dulcet tones to radio advertising campaigns after rumours of a near-mutiny among its actors , the catalyst for which was katy 's extensive voiceover work. put a sock in it : in the past corrie has reportedly tried to silence its stars when they 've asked to do voiceover work for television adverts. complaints from actors have led bosses to revise the ban. katy , who played julie carp on the coronation street , pictured here on set with actor jimmi harkishin , has been the voice behind many ad campaigns including whitbread , lancome , iplayer restart and nestle kit kats.
a michigan woman who was expecting to find a tax refund in her mailbox was shocked when she instead received a letter from the irs informing her that she had ` died '. sarah jewell , 25 , is still living and breathing , a fact she proved when , after the irs told her to contact her local social security office in sparta , she walked right in and announced ` i 'm alive ! ' the staff told jewell that someone had filed her social security number as deceased in november 2014. sarah jewell , 25 , was expecting to find a tax refund in her mailbox when she instead received a letter from the irs informing her that she had ` died ' but fast-forward three months later and jewell said she has n't received instruction from social security on how to proceed and her number has yet to be reinstated - leaving her life in total disarray.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- governments around the world are using the threat of terrorism -- real or perceived -- to advance executions , amnesty international alleges in its annual report on the death penalty. `` the dark trend of governments using the death penalty in a futile attempt to tackle real or imaginary threats to state security and public safety was stark last year , '' said salil shetty , amnesty 's secretary general in a release. '' the report , `` death sentences and executions 2014 , '' cites the example of pakistan lifting a six-year moratorium on the execution of civilians following the horrific attack on a school in peshawar in december.
a father-of-two who brushed his ankle against a bin bag , scraping the skin , developed a flesh-eating bug and nearly lost his leg. douglas murphy was cleaning up after a children 's picnic when he bumped his leg against a bin bag. a cut so small it was hardly visible , became infected , causing the rare condition necrotizing faciitis - a flesh-eating bug. so extreme was mr murphy 's infection , surgeons were preparing to amputate his right leg. but as they were printing out the paperwork to authorise the procedure , the antibiotics mr murphy had been given finally began to show signs of working.
a seller on ebay has claimed that he has former new england patriots player aaron hernandez 's jailhouse identification card - and he 's trying to auction it off. hernandez is currently in prison during his trial for the the june 2013 shooting death of odin lloyd , who was dating his fiancée 's sister. lloyd was shot six times in an industrial park less than a mile from hernandez 's home. scroll down for video. an ebay user posted what appears to be laminated badge that featured a photo of former new england patriots player aaron hernandez and identifying information about the 25-year-old.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- a term used by president barack obama and baltimore mayor stephanie rawlings-blake to characterize rioters has given new life to a debate over the word `` thug. '' `` of course it 's not the right word , to call our children ` thugs , ' '' baltimore city councilman carl stokes told cnn 's `` erin burnett outfront. '' the rev. jamal bryant drew the same comparison wednesday morning on cnn. you do n't call six police officers who kill a man without probable cause ` thugs , ' but children who are frustrated and do n't have an outlet , you call them ` thugs.
the girlfriend of an australian baseball player who was shot in back while jogging in oklahoma appeared in court on thursday and faced his suspected killer as the prosecution rested their case. sarah harper was in a relationship with christopher lane , 22 , when he was gunned down while visiting in the city of duncan in august 2013. he was born in melbourne , australia , but was in the united states on a baseball scholarship when 17-year-old chancey allen luna allegedly murdered him. scroll down for video. sarah harper -lrb- pictured left walking into court on thursday -rrb- was in a relationship with christopher lane , 22 , when he was gunned down while visiting in the city of duncan in august 2013.
nba star kevin love , who dislocated his left shoulder on sunday , has criticized his opponent for what he called a ` bush-league ' play. cleveland 's power forward was injured in the first quarter of the cavaliers ' 101-93 victory that completed a four-game sweep when he and boston 's kelly olynyk chased a loose ball into the left corner after jae crowder of the celtics missed a 3-pointer. love then grabbed his arm and kept running toward the cleveland bench before going to the locker room , where he iced his shoulder. olynyk was charged with a non-shooting foul.
robbie keane is n't letting an injury keep him from entertaining his la galaxy fans with one high-profile supporter , boy george , endorsing his rendition of karma chameleon. a video of keane 's car karaoke effort was posted on the boy george and the culture club facebook page and while the 34-year-old striker 's enthusiasm ca n't be faulted , his command of the lyrics leaves a bit to be desired. robbie keane sings karma chameleon iin a video posted on boy george & the culture club 's facebook page. the video was apparently filmed during la galaxy 's day off on tuesday with keane choosing a song that was released when he was just three years old.
a five-month-old baby whose parents created a 30-item ` bucket list ' for their terminally ill son has tragically died - with sadly only one item ticked off. elijah mccrae 's heartbroken parents , jessica and andrew , remembered the ` happiest baby ever ' , after he died in his mother 's arms on monday evening. he passed peacefully in my arms ' in a series of heartbreaking posts , ms mccrae documented the gut-wrenching final stages of their beloved son 's fight for life. ` i 'd rather death happen suddenly than have to grieve the impending death of my child then grieve again when he dies , ' she posted on april 17.
isis was removed from the official list of future pacific hurricane names by the un 's world meteorological organization , a wmo spokeswoman announced on friday. isis was deemed inappropriate and removed from the hurricane list by the un 's world meteorological organization. the hurricane committee also backed mexico 's request to retire the name odile because of the storm -lrb- above -rrb-. isis is also used to describe the islamic state militant group , whose forces have captured large swathes of iraq and syria. the group stands accused of committing brutal atrocities against civilians by un war crimes investigators. spokeswoman clare nullis said from geneva : ` the hurricane committee removed the name isis from the rotating list and agreed to replace it with ivette.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- kim bok-dong is 89 now , and is going blind and deaf. she enters a meeting of tokyo foreign correspondents in a wheelchair , visibly exhausted after a flight from seoul and days of interviews and meetings. the nightmares from five years as a sex slave of the japanese army , from 1940 onwards , are still crystal clear. kim is determined to share her story with anyone who will listen , until she 's no longer physically able. kim was a 14-year-old girl when the japanese came to her village in korea. she says they told her she had no choice but to leave her home and family to support the war effort by working at a sewing factory.
hong kong -lrb- cnn -rrb- it 's not just asia. near-sightedness , or myopia , means nearby objects appear clearly , but those farther away look blurry. the rates of myopia have doubled , even tripled , in most of east asia over the last 40 years , researchers say. several places like hong kong , singapore and taiwan have rates in the 80 %. in south korea , myopia rates among 20-year-olds have leaped from 18 % in 1955 to over 96 % myopia in 2011. but researchers say reducing risk of myopia is easy , free and readily-available : get some sunlight.
you do n't become one of the most successful designers that italy has ever produced without causing some controversy. but giorgio armani 's latest comments will undoubtedly raise a few eyebrows. scroll down for video. giorgio armani , 80 , admitted in an interview that he disapproved of women with breast enlargements and men who worked out too much. ' interestingly , the aesthetic for the brand seems to somewhat differ from the designer 's views - with several of the armani underwear adverts featuring muscly boxer-clad male models. jodi marsh , 36 , is another celebrity that would lock horns with armani and his view of plastic surgery as ` idiocy ' interestingly , cristiano ronaldo , 30 , has modelled underwear for giorgio armani before , showing off his unashamedly muscly body.
supermodel maggie rizer only gave birth to her daughter cecilia kathryn nine weeks ago , but the mother-of-three is already back to her trim and toned self. the 37-year-old fashion veteran sported a tiny string bikini as she posed with her two-year-old son quinnlann clancy for a sweet snapshot , which she shared monday on her instagram account. and online commenters could n't help but note how fit maggie looks only a few months after she and her husband alex mehran welcomed their first daughter into the world. beach body : supermodel maggie rizer donned a string bikini while playing with her two-year-old son quinnlyn clancy on the beach - just nine weeks after she gave birth to her daughter cecilia kathryn.
sean donohoe , 30 , from wilnecote , tamworth , plundered a pensioner 's life savings , blowing # 28,500 on shopping sprees and lavish meals out. sean donohoe , 30 , from wilnecote , tamworth , plundered the elderly woman 's accounts before spending tens of thousands of pounds on trips to the snowdome and in shops such as argos and hmv. the builder has now been jailed for 21 months after admitting charges of fraud and theft. sentencing him at birmingham crown court , the judge said donohoe abused the woman 's trust in ` every conceivable way '.
parents need to keep their distance and trust schools and teachers instead of being ` dervishes ready to battle with anyone and anything on behalf of their child ' , a leading head teacher has said. peter tait , the headmaster of sherborne preparatory school in dorset , claimed parents have become ` dervishes ' about their children 's education and should take a back seat to allow them to develop naturally. parents need to keep their distance and use their intuition to trust schools and teachers , a leading head teacher has claimed. the school has enjoyed strong academic performance recently.
michael phelps made a winning return to competitive racing as the 18-time olympic gold-medallist claimed 100 metres butterfly victory at the arena pro swim series in arizona. phelps , back in action after a six-month suspension imposed by usa swimming following his drink driving conviction last september , won the race in mesa with a time of 52.38 seconds , edging out ryan lochte. michael phelps claimed 100 metres butterfly victory at the arena pro swim series following six-month ban. the 18-time olympic gold-medallist was suspended by usa swimming for failing a drink-driving test. ' phelps , the most decorated olympian in history , will miss this summer 's world championships in kazan , russia , following discussions with usa swimming.
just another night for an atletico madrid striker. yet this was not diego costa circa 2010 to 2014. this was mario mandzukic involved in bust-up after bust-up as he shed blood and sweat against great rivals real madrid at the vicente calderon. when atletico allowed costa to sign for chelsea on july 1 , 2014 , diego simeone may have fretted about losing his street fighter. just nine days later , he bought mandzukic from bayern munich , and the croatia international looked every bit as aggressive on tuesday night. blood pours from mario mandzukic 's face during the champions league quarter-final first leg in madrid.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- pope francis will visit cuba on his way to the united states in september , the vatican said wednesday -- a trip that will come months after he helped negotiate a diplomatic thaw between the two countries. the exact timing of the cuba trip was n't immediately released , but the vatican said the pope would stop in cuba before his planned late september stops in washington , new york and philadelphia. `` the pope coming here , maybe he could ... make more positive ways for cubans to go towards religion , more than politics , '' said raul garcia , a cuban-american who returned to the island.
a woman in china showed her strength by using her legs to lift a group of people. the footage captured at a birthday party in sichuan province shows a woman lying on her back on a stage. placed across her outstretched legs is a plank of wood and clinging to either side of it are two women who are about to become human weights. suddenly music begins playing and the woman starts pumping her legs up and down as the two volunteers struggle to hold on. the woman shows amazing strength by remaining in the position for some time before she begins twirling the plank of wood -- removing a leg in between rotations.
the wife of broadcaster john suchet has died aged 73 after a decade-long battle with dementia. bonnie suchet -lrb- pictured with john -rrb- was described by her husband as ` the love of my life ' the family paid tribute in a death notice in the telegraph , which read : ` bonnie died peacefully on 15th april 2015 aged 73. ' in recent years the classic fm dj and former itn presenter has been extremely open about his wife 's diagnosis , writing a book and becoming honorary president of the dementia uk charity. in recent years suchet , pictured with bonnie -lrb- left -rrb- and -lrb- right -rrb- in 2013 , has been extremely open about his wife 's diagnosis , writing a book and becoming honorary president of the dementia uk charity.
the cost of divorce can wreck retirement many years after the break-up of a marriage , according to research. it also found that one in five divorcees who stop work this year will retire with debts to drag down their disposable income and their lifestyles. the debt of a divorced retiree averages # 22,100 , prudential 's report said , while many divorced people will have to get by on low incomes after ending their careers. researchers said that nearly one in five divorced people will retire on incomes of less that # 9,500 -- the level identified by poverty analysts at the joseph rowntree foundation think tank as the minimum income for a single pensioner to enjoy a decent life.
american expat brad reynolds has become the travel website 's top contributor , writing more than 3,300 reviews and uploading nearly 40,000 photos in just five years. the 38-year-old critiques every hotel , restaurant and landmark he visits on holiday and in his current home of hong kong , providing opinion and travel tips that have been read by millions of travellers around the world. scroll down for video. brad reynolds , pictured at india 's taj mahal , is tripadvisor 's most active user with 66,000 contributions in just five years. the 38-year-old , who now lives in hong kong , gave a five-star review of ` amazing ' pushkar , india after attending its camel fair.
a mid-air altercation over legroom turned into a brawl on a flight from london heathrow to oman , after one passenger allegedly attacked another with a shoe. the fight broke out on the oman air flight 102 to muscat after one man decided to move seats because the plane was n't full. after landing at muscat , one man was taken away for questioning by police after being involved in a fight with another passenger on an oman air flight -lrb- file photo -rrb-. passengers were forced to intervene after the argument escalated into a full-blown fight on board. the irish mirror reports that one of the men involved threw punches at the other , and also took of his shoe to use as a weapon in the scuffle.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- the last time frank jordan spoke with his son , louis jordan was fishing on a sailboat a few miles off the south carolina coast. the next time he spoke with him , more than two months had passed and the younger jordan was on a german-flagged container ship 200 miles from north carolina , just rescued from his disabled boat. louis jordan , 37 , took his 35-foot sailboat out in late january and had n't been heard from in 66 days when he was spotted thursday afternoon by the houston express on his ship drifting in the atlantic ocean.
a u.s. father who enlisted the help of social media users to record a message for his son from the tooth fairy - whom the youngster believes is from australia - has thanked the man who answered his appeal. jacob hall invented the ruse that the tooth fairy lived thousands of kilometres away down under for his seven-year-old son , evan , when he was late paying up the last time around. father-of-three jeff pyrotek , from seymour in victoria , answered mr hall 's call for help and uploaded his finished product on soundcloud. scroll down for audio. mr hall , from iowa , said his son was ` totally overjoyed ' with the message.
a rare bentley which has lain gathering dust for years has been bought for almost four times its estimated value - but still needs a full restoration. the 1954 bentley r-type continental fastback was estimated to sell for around # 200,000 by auctioneers but ended up being sold for # 739,212 - a record for the auction house. originally commissioned by welsh racing driver r d weatherall and painted in his racing colour of purple - the license plate still bears his initials. the 1954 bentley r-type continental fastback -lrb- pictured -rrb- sold for almost four times its estimated value. more than 45 people placing bids on behalf of bidders from around the world in the room , over the phone and on the internet.
garissa , kenya -lrb- cnn -rrb- days after a horrific al-shabaab attack on its soil , kenya launched airstrikes targeting the terror group in somalia , according to a military source , who insisted the strikes were not retribution for last week 's massacre at garissa university college that killed nearly 150 people. `` the latest attack of al-shabaab bases by the kenya military is part of the ongoing operations that started in 2011. the operation has been ongoing , '' the military source said monday. it is customary for kenyan military sources not to give their names to media. two of the airstrikes hit al-shabaab training camps , according to a resident of the southwest somalian town of bardera , almost 200 kilometers -lrb- 125 miles -rrb- from the kenyan border , and a local journalist who asked not to be named out of fear for his safety.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- late one night on facebook , a girl with cystic fibrosis messaged a boy with cystic fibrosis , and both their lives were changed forever. the girl , katie donovan , read that the boy , dalton prager , was very sick. cystic fibrosis patients should n't be near each other because they can share infections that could cripple their already fragile lungs. dr. michael anstead at the university of kentucky , katie 's pulmonologist since she was a little girl , had lectured her many times that face-to-face meetings with other cf patients were a bad idea.
julie mckenzie thought scoliosis was the cause of her bad back. julie mckenzie was assured by her gp that her nagging back pain was down to a mild curvature of the spine. these revealed that her spine was slightly curved , a condition known as scoliosis. ` if i made a sudden movement , i 'd experience a sharp , pinching pain in my lower spine that would take my breath away and force me to stop whatever i was doing. ' a month after seeing her gp , and feeling increasingly desperate , julie , an administrator , who is divorced with two grown-up children , and lives in bushey , herts , used her private medical cover to see a spinal surgeon , robert lee.
` you 're getting the hang of this commentary lark , ' cooed martin tyler during sky sports coverage of the manchester derby. nowadays , the man in the gantry alongside him is gary neville. and it was his zinger after united 's fourth goal -- ` smalling has scored. gary neville in the sky sports studio after co-commentating with martin tyler for the manchester derby. chris smalling is pictured scoring for manchester united as city goalkeeper joe hart sees it go in. united defender smalling was an unlikely goalscorer against city and neville had a zinger to match it. co-commentator neville analysed the goal by saying : ` smalling has scored.
countdown co-presenter rachel riley was left embarrassed on a recent episode of the show when contestants offered up a rather rude eight-letter word as their answer to the word game. hewer , who first found fame as lord sugar 's sidekick in the apprentice , was clearly trying not to laugh when dubliner gerry tynan and anne lewin , from brighton , both offered up the double entendre. scroll down for video. countdown co-presenter rachel riley looked embarassed when the two contestants came up with the same eight-letter double entendre in the word game -lrb- pictured -rrb- as host nick hewer failed to stifle his laughter.
tiger woods declared himself ready to compete for a fifth masters title after completing 11 holes of practice at augusta national on monday. woods has started just two events in 2015 , shooting a career-worst score of 82 to miss the cut in the first of them and withdrawing through injury after just 11 holes of the second on february 5. tiger woods returned to action as he warmed up at augusta national golf club ahead of the masters. the 39-year-old is returning from a self-imposed break from golf to recover from injuries and a dip in form. woods has not won a major since the 2008 us open and the last of his four masters wins was a decade ago , with the 39-year-old only confirming on friday that he would compete at augusta.
the hollywood siren called the building , just a short walk from harrods in london 's exclusive knightsbridge , home until her death in 1990. now this newly refurbished five bedroom , five bathroom apartment gives renters the chance to walk in the footsteps of the legendary screen star. spread over 3,054 square feet it boasts two spacious reception rooms , a study and a modern state-of-the art kitchen and breakfast room. scroll down for video. through the key hole : the apartment features two stunning reception rooms and renters can boast that the buildings corridors were once graced by the screen icon.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- after two days of deliberation , jurors found dzhokhar tsarnaev guilty on all counts in the boston marathon bombing. the verdict is n't surprising. today , nearly 1 out of 4 people in the world are muslim. by 2050 , pew reports , that will be some 1 out of 3. by 2070 ? well , i 'll quote the all-caps headline reprinted by the drudge report : `` muslims to outnumber christians ! '' many americans read such numbers and worry : will this mean more dzhokhar tsarnaevs ? but that 's only if you believe islam causes extremism , which many have argued.
forget the easter bunny , it was an egg-laying chick spreading the joy in one household. a video uploaded by youtube user shkesi shows a baby girl mesmerized by a toy mothering hen. when the first egg emerges she cries for joy and when the third comes she lets out a shriek with her arms waving around. before laying its eggs - which are unfortunately plastic , not chocolate - the toy bird plays a short song. caught on camera : a video uploaded by youtube user shkesi shows a baby girl mesmerized by the mothering hen. wow ! as the plush bird bounces up and down and pops out an egg the infant can barely believe her eyes.
matthew hall , 25 , climbed onto the balconies in of his victims in manchester 's fashionable northern quarter district and hid. a fantasist prowler who harassed young women , traumatising them after scaling the walls of trendy apartment blocks where they lived , has been banned from the area nearby for five years. hall now risks arrest if he enters the area , where each of his terrified victims lived , at any time in the next five years. jailing him for two years after he admitted two attempted burglaries and one burglary , judge martin rudland said he had ` deliberately targeted vulnerable women ' scaling the walls of buildings ` like a cat burglar of old ' in a series of ` highly suspicious offences '.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- pope francis reminded the world of the vatican 's status as a state and his role as a moral diplomat in his traditional speech given at the end of easter mass.. the pontiff lamented the suffering of people in the conflicts currently making headlines and called for violence everywhere to end. '' then he turned to the holy land , expressing the wish that the peace process between israelis and palestinians resume. francis mentioned libya ; the nuclear talks with iran in lausanne , switzerland ; yemen ; nigeria ; south sudan ; and the shooting at the garissa university college in kenya.
former saturday night live cast member gary kroeger announced tuesday that he is running for congress in iowa. a former saturday night live cast member is running for congress in iowa , and he says it is n't a laughing matter. gary kroeger said he will run in the 2016 democratic primary for iowa 's 1st district. i truly embrace these policies of civil rights , economic equity , economic prosperity and upward mobility , ' kroeger said tuesday. kroeger appeared on saturday night live from 1982 through 1985 , and is perhaps best known for portraying donny osmond in a sketch with julia louis-dreyfus.
kaitlyn granado , 24 , was arrested on monday amid claims she had sex with pupil , 15 , in her car on consecutive nights in january. a texas math teacher has been accused of having sex with an underage pupil from a texas high school a month after she was arrested for letting another teenage touch her breasts. kaitlyn granado , 24 , a teacher at macarthur high school in irving , was first arrested on march 19 for having an inappropriate relationship with a 15-year-old student , and was released on bail. according to the affidavit , seen by the star-telegram , the teen claims the sexual relationship took place in her car late at night on january 18 and 19 across the road from another school in dallas.
fox sports australia will not take action against a freelance presenter who posted an instagram picture of herself and a friend in blackface make-up. it has since emerged that on april 11 , fox sports australia posted an image of a man dressed in blackface , as part of a competition which asked viewers to dress up as their favourite sports star. sports presenter briony ingerson has been widely criticised for posting a photo with black face make up. the issue was flagged by journalism student ahmed yussuf who complained about the photo. fox sports australia tweeted a photo of a man in black face on april 11 , before the controversy surrounding briony ingerson began.
the morning after the row the night before , lewis hamilton and nico rosberg barely exchanged a word in the first-class cabin of their emirates flight to dubai , en route to the next race in bahrain. hamilton was particularly strident saying that the difference is that he is a ` racer ' and rosberg is not. lewis hamilton -lrb- right -rrb- and nico rosberg have both had their say on sunday 's chinese grand prix. winner hamilton -lrb- centre -rrb- waves to the crowd as rosberg -lrb- left -rrb- and sebastian vettel shake hands. rosberg , who was beaten into second place by hamilton , said his team-mate had been ` selfish ' by slowing down while leading the race.
puppies spend their time discovering the world with more enthusiasm than any human could muster. and an english bulldog named hazel is no exception to this rule , as demonstrated in her attempts to get the better of a washing basket. filmed in a front room , the video begins erratically with the dog flying through the air and jumping onto the basket , which sits on its side. the video begins with the dog rather erratically jumping onto the basket and forcing in onto its base. the bulldog puppy named hazel stands inside the basket and rather foolishly leans up against the side of it.
charles kane -lrb- above -rrb- was arrested thursday as he met up with a 14-year-old girl for sex. a married band teacher with two young daughters was arrested as he tried to meet an underage girl for sex. charles kane of spencerport , new york had communicated with the girl online after posting a craigslist ad seeking a young girl for a daddy/daughter relationship and showed up to meet her at a local theater. he was arrested when he arrived at the theater with a full box of condoms as the young girl was in fact an undercover police officer. ' an undercover officer began communicating with him , pretending to be the father of a young girl , corresponding for months.
a young woman who ate just 10 calories a day while in the grip of anorexia has spoken of how she fought her way back from the brink of death. beth hall , 24 , from cambridge , plummeted to a tiny 4st 13lb after battling the horrific eating disorder since her teenage years - while working in a chocolate shop. determined to lose weight , she would often go for up to three days without eating a single thing. but after years of turmoil , she was finally admitted to an eating disorder clinic. scroll down for video. at the height of her anorexia , miss hall would live on just 10 calories a day - or go three days without eating a single thing.
the muslim man who was racially abused along with his wife has thanked the ` legend ' woman who stood up for them and recorded the attack. stacey eden , 23 , stood up for the muslim woman and her partner after witnessing the ranter ` bullying ' the sydney commuter on an airport line train about 1.40 pm on wednesday. scroll down for video. not going to take it anymore : stacey eden -lrb- pictured -rrb- made a bold stand in defence of a muslim couple who faced a racially-charged tirade on a sydney train on wednesday afternoon. hafeez ahmed bhatti told daily mail australia he was shocked by the ugly incident.
formula one star jenson button completed the london marathon with an impressive time of two hours , 52 minutes and 30 seconds. the 35-year-old mclaren driver told the bbc he was ` chuffed to bits ' with his performance , but joked he was disappointed to finish behind former olympic rower james cracknell. ' formula one driver jenson button celebrates completing the london marathon 2015 in under three hours. button was running on behalf of the charity cancer research and was really buoyed by the good will feelings about the event. ' button was running on behalf of cancer research and described his experience as ` really really emotional '
those lucky enough to snag a ticket to the star-studded -- on and off the stage - coachella valley music and arts festival at the empire polo club in indio , california , which runs for its second weekend from april 17-19 , are spending more than any other major festival goers. while checking out headliners such as ac/dc , jack white , florence and the machine and madonna , who bizarrely made out with rapper drake on sunday , coachella visitors pay an average of # 187 per day according to travel money specialist no. 1 currency. scroll down for video.
there may have been a few disgruntled lap swimmers at bondi on thursday. the daily visitors to the iconic icebergs club were forced to take their exercise back to the beach as their beloved pool was drained for the fashion folk. the empty pool was used as the unusual catwalk setting for the ten pieces presentation as part of mercedes-benz fashion week australia. scroll down for video. no diving ! bondi 's icebergs club pool was drained on thursday to create a unique catwalk for mercedes-benz fashion week australia. mono : ten pieces produces capsule collection of ten pieces of unisex clothing designed to be worn in 20 ways.
she 's the queen of reinvention who has tried her hand at many a field outside her record-breaking pop career , from acting to business and philanthropy. the 56-year-old , who describes herself as a ` closet comedian ' , has been lambasted for her first-ever stand-up routine while taking over the tonight show starring jimmy fallon on thursday. scroll down for video. awkward : madonna performs a stand-up on the tonight show starring jimmy fallon on thursday , however the routine did not go down too well. madonna 's had an absolute mare of it on live tv has n't she ?! the singer took that infamous tumble during her brits performance and now she 's bombed slightly during her stand up routine on the today show.
hannah mcwhirter -lrb- pictured -rrb- engaged in the threesome with a co-worker and her husband but when her boyfriend found out said she was raped. a woman accused a married couple of rape after her boyfriend found out she had a threesome with them in a travelodge hotel room. hannah mcwhirter , 21 , of banff , aberdeenshire , engaged in the ménage a trois with co-worker dionne clark and her husband shaun in july 2013. but when mr clark told the john lewis department store worker 's boyfriend about their hookup she claimed she had been raped. mcwhirter appeared at aberdeen sheriff court yesterday where she admitted wasting police time with false rape claims.
his neighbors would n't let him build a film studio. so george lucas is retaliating in a way that only the cream of hollywood could - by building the largest affordable housing development in the area. the complex of affordable housing , funded and designed by the star wars director , would provide homes to 224 low-income families. scroll down for video. making waves : george lucas has unveiled plans to build an affordable housing complex on the plot of land in lucas valley , bay area , which his neighbors are determined to leave untouched. lucas dropped plans for a lucasfilm ltd studio complex on lucas valley road in 2012.
a defence of his crown will be a priority for grand national hero many clouds next season , and trainer oliver sherwood has also floated the possibility of a rematch with his cheltenham gold cup conqueror coneygree in newbury 's hennessy gold cup. with 11st 9lb on his back , leighton aspell 's mount carried the biggest weight to victory on saturday since red rum won his second national in 1974 at under 12st. has ap mccoy finally found his nemesis in oliver sherwood ? trainer sherwood , a chelsea supporter , and arsenal fan mccoy have had a regular bet on whose team will finish highest in the premier league.
when gareth silk let his five friends plan a stag do , he might have imagined it would involve pranks , costumes and drinking - but denim hotpants and heels were far from his thoughts. little did he realise his friends from cwmbran , south wales , were inspired by the hilarious money supermarket advert , featuring a man dressed in shirt and jacket from the waist up and tight booty shorts and stilettos from the waist down. david rowles snaps the gang , from left to right : steve harvey taylor , gareth edwards , michael groves , groom gareth silk and his father andrew silk.
in a world where online shopping is king , toshiba hopes technology can change the in store experience - with a robo-assistant. the firm 's humanoid robot is set to start work at the information desk of a department store in tokyo to help customers find their way around. the female-looking robot , named aiko chihira , will only speak japanese - but she is also capable of sign language. scroll down for video. toshiba 's humanoid robot known as aiko chihira , is set to start work at the information desk of a department store in tokyo. instead the robot was created to appear , talk and move as humanly as possible.
it could have easily been passed off as an april fool 's day joke , but for one couple winning the # 53million euromillions jackpot was a reality. richard and angela maxwell , from coningsby in lincolnshire , became 10th on the national lottery rich list after they scooped # 53,193,914 on the draw on tuesday. scroll down for video. richard and angela maxwell from lincolnshire have become the 10th biggest british winners of euromillions. mrs maxwell said she thought her husband was playing an april fools ' day joke on her when he told her. the semi-retired consultant in the poultry industry said : ' i always keep our lottery tickets in the kitchen drawer so i took a break and went online to check the results.
rangers have been fined # 5,500 by the scottish football association after admitting the previous board breached ` dual ownership ' rules by allowing newcastle chief mike ashley into ibrox. the sports direct tycoon owns 9.82 per cent of the glasgow giants but is prohibited from going over 10 per cent by an agreement struck with hampden chiefs designed to limit his power at ibrox. two of his closest associates - derek llambias and barry leach - sat as directors until king forced them out at last month 's general meeting. newcastle owner mike ashley bought a 9.8 per cent stake in rangers and loaned the club # 5million.
the aboriginal teenager who was arrested after anti-terror raids in melbourne on saturday has complained he was a victim of police brutality. eathan cruse , 19 , one of the five men taken into custody after raids on saturday morning , said officers assaulted him after he had been handcuffed. scroll down for video. eathan cruse , 19 , one of the five men taken into custody after raids on saturday morning , said officers assaulted him after he had been handcuffed. his father , glen , also said he was brutally attacked by police during the raid , and his son was hospitalised as a result of injuries he sustained.
west indies received an animated pep talk from bowling coach and legendary paceman curtly ambrose. ambrose , who terrorised many a batsman during the 1990s , looked to have roused his charges as they took five for 58 in the morning session. but alastair cook and co will be happy to see the big man beyond the boundary rope rather than thundering down the wicket towards them himself. curtly ambrose 's pep talk to west indies bowlers must have worked on day two as they rolled over the tail. england 's ninth man in chris jordan played out an interesting duel with former barbados team-mate justin holder - a close-fought battle which yielded nine runs from 27 balls , including two boundaries.
a top television producer is suing his ex-wife for more than # 300,000 , claiming that she lied to him about being the father of her son. chris lewis , 68 , has brought the unusual court case against 48-year-old former wife nicola over the child he helped raise as his own for 17 years. in court documents he claims mrs lewis had sex with another man only a few months into their marriage , but did not tell him. suing ex-wife : chris lewis , 68 -lrb- left -rrb- has accused his former partner nicola , 48 -lrb- right -rrb- of duping him about the paternity of her son charlie.
garissa , kenya -lrb- cnn -rrb- freshly laundered clothes still hang friday in the dormitory at garissa university college. stuffed animals remain in one room. on friday afternoon , more than 36 hours after the attack , investigators and kenya red cross crews were finishing up the task of removing the bodies of dead students. the corpses of four al-shabaab attackers -- dressed head to toe in black and still clutching their ak-47s -- remained where they fell , their bodies shattered in a torrent of bullets. kenya terrorist attack : 6 things you need to know. investigators marked the locations of students ' bodies with numbered tags before red cross workers came in to send them off to morgues.
most dog owners would say they were dedicated to their pets. but dave rickard and his wife brenda are so devoted to their west highland terrier daisy that they did n't think twice about giving her the kiss of life after she was feared to have drowned. mr rickard , 72 , and his wife brenda , 67 , were on holiday when daisy fell 10ft from a quay into the sea. dave rickard , 72 , and his wife brenda , 67 , with their beloved west highland terrier daisy. she was swimming okay but the current was taking her away and eventually she got so weak and gave up.
an italian activist and artist has asked women to express their thoughts on gender violence by writing them down - on their underwear. in what kind of man are you ? , alexsandro palombo is hoping to send out a more serious message with his latest work , as he asks women to share their thoughts on machismo by writing them on pairs of pants and sharing via social media. italian activist and artist alexsandro palombo has turned his hand to photography for his latest project , ` what kind of man are you ? ' the illustrator is hoping to send out a more serious message with his latest work , as he asks women to share their thoughts on gender violence by writing them on pairs of pants and sharing via social media.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- so now the real trial is underway : what does the surviving boston marathon bomber , dzhokhar tsarnaev , deserve and why ? what 's he likely to get and why ? let 's start where the penalty phase starts , with the prosecution 's case. prosecutors have listed , as they must , the aggravating circumstances that make this horrific mass murderer deserve the harshest punishment. the killing was `` heinous , cruel and depraved. the number of dead from the bombing -lrb- three -rrb- and injured -lrb- 260 -rrb- , including dozens maimed , also elevate these murders.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- a mom furious at her son for apparently taking part in the baltimore riots has become a sensation online. in video captured by cnn affiliate wmar , the woman is seen pulling her masked son away from a crowd , smacking him in the head repeatedly , and screaming at him. the boy is dressed in dark pants and a black hoodie , with a dark backpack on. wmar reports that the woman saw her son on television throwing rocks at police. but police commissioner anthony batts thanked her in remarks to the media. ''
the producers of the tv show made in chelsea pride themselves on featuring some of the poshest young ladies and gentleman in london. but even by their standards , mark-francis vandelli is well-to-do - the privately educated son of a multimillionaire industrialist and model would n't have to work a day in his life if he chose not to. scroll down for video. many watch enthusiasts would argue that mark-francis has already reached that goal - he currently owns a number of pieces that are worth several thousand pounds. mark-francis 's most expensive watch is a cartier white gold moonphase , which he bought from a shop on sloane street in chelsea earlier this year.
justin rose will try to take a leaf out of rory mcilroy 's book after kickstarting his season with his share of second place in the masters. rose arrived at augusta national having missed the cut in three of his previous five tournaments on the pga tour , but left with renewed enthusiasm and a 14-under-par total which has only been bettered six times in masters history. it 's a good momentum starter for me , ' said rose , who was looking to become the first european player to win the us open and masters. justin rose was unable to take victory at the masters , despite carding 14-under-par for the tournament.
labour 's efforts to fight off accusations of hypocrisy on zero-hours contracts were in chaos last night. party chiefs had scrambled to shore up support for ed miliband after it emerged that dozens of labour councils and mps employ staff on the controversial contracts , which he has pledged to ban. in a further blow , parliament 's expenses watchdog rejected claims by labour mps that they employ staff on zero hours only because they are forced to by the westminster system. and labour 's biggest donor unite also lost a humiliating tribunal ruling over an employee who claims he was sacked for complaining about being employed on a zero-hours basis.
a new channel 4 series shines a light on the uk 's billion-pound supercar industry , where some of the best salespeople can turn over millions of pounds of profit every year. scroll down for video. a woman in a man 's world : expert seller saba syed , pictured above with husband sheikh amari , sells luxury cars to the super rich. a standard supercar can cost around # 250,000 , with the exterior paint alone costing up to # 10,000 , while some of the industry 's more sought-after vehicles can expect to sell for millions at london 's prestigious car auctions.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- over the last few years , we 've been close to eradicating worldwide polio without full success. the biggest challenge standing in the way of eradicating polio has involved the operational logistics of getting the vaccine to people who need it , especially in difficult areas plagued by violence or poverty. the microneedle patch , which resembles a small , round adhesive bandage , could bring polio vaccines to the doorsteps of the people that need it. by applying it to the skin and pushing down , the vaccine is delivered in a matter of minutes. rather than requiring highly trained medics , minimally trained personnel could go from door to door , quickly administering the vaccine.
the devastated husband of a woman who drowned in a ` freak ' snorkelling accident has posted a heartbreaking tribute to her on facebook. teresa swarbrick , known affectionately to her friends and family as etch , died on april 8 after reportedly getting into trouble in the water near julian rocks off the coast of byron bay in nsw. the mother of two , from western sydney , was caught in strong currents and lost consciousness before being pulled from the water. lifeguards and paramedics were unable to revive her with cpr. this message is from teresa 's husband alan and is one of the few messages i have ever posted on facebook but it is by far the hardest i will ever need to.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- pop star taylor swift , who has built an intense bond with her fans by sharing personal details of her life , revealed some sobering news thursday : her mother has cancer. '' andrea swift , 57 , who years ago quit her job as a mutual fund marketing executive to raise swift and swift 's younger brother , austin , has joined her famous daughter on tour and in several of her videos. '' her mother felt `` perfectly fine '' but went to the doctor for tests anyway `` just to get me and my brother off her case '' about it.
liverpool goalkeeper simon mignolet has revealed how his mental strength helped him recover after being dropped last december. mignolet was dropped ` indefinitely ' by manager brendan rodgers in december after a poor run of form but quickly returned after brad jones sustained a thigh injury. simon mignolet has revealed how his mental strength helped him recover after being dropped. mignolet -lrb- second right -rrb- makes a save from a free kick during a league match against swansea last month. mignolet told fourfourtwo : ' i was positive. every goalkeeper goes through those stages , and you only get mentally stronger from them.
the queen has dropped out of the list of the 300 richest people in britain for the first time , it emerged yesterday. although her wealth has increased year-on-year , her assets have been dwarfed by hundreds of financiers and businessmen. britain 's super-rich are now more than twice as rich as they were in 2009 , despite the catastrophic economic crisis. queen elizabeth ii , pictured at westminster abbey yesterday. len blavatnick , pictured left with his wife emily , topped the sunday times rich list with a fortune of # 13.2 bn. brothers sri and gopi hinduja were pushed into second placed as their wealth was valued at # 13bn.
a french bus driver has proposed putting on a separate service for roma passengers - because the ` unbearable ' smell is a health risk to everyone on board. dominique granier sparked outrage after he suggested putting on a service specifically for people travelling from a roma encampment next to a cemetery into the centre of montpellier , in the south of france. odour : the smell on route 9 in montpellier is said to be ` unbearable ' and caused by roma using the service. ' his claims were backed up by other drivers , one of whom claimed the buses were now specially cleaned because of the odour.
last thursday , jeff courcelle came home from work to find 5-year-old mocha -- a pure bred fawn-colored doberman pincher -- hovering over a pile of screws , metal pieces , three watch heads and some chewed leather straps. the couple took her to the mspca 's angell animal medical center , a 24-hour emergency and specialty hospital , where a veterinarian performed a 3-hour endoscopy to explore the contents of her belly. mocha was a repeat offender : just last summer , she got very sick and had to have emergency stomach surgery after a piece of plastic from an orange juice container perforated her intestine.
the tsa got to keep $ 675,000 in spare change dropped by travellers at airport security last year. over the past five years , airline passengers have left behind more than $ 2.7 million in quarters and dimes. the funds collected by the tsa appear to be increasing every year , according to figures from the transportation security administration. last year the tsa were allowed to keep $ 675,000 in spare change - almost double what was collected in 2008 at $ 383,414 ,. the sum was $ 107,000 more than what passengers left behind in 2012 , and more than $ 150,000 than 2011.
they may be known as masters of disguise , but this little owl could n't conceal his jealousy as he desperately tried to interrupt a brotherly cuddle between his two siblings. as his two siblings settled down to have a rest on their tiny perch , the needy owlet was spotted tactfully creeping along a tree branch before tugging at one of his brother 's wing. the little owl 's sibling rivalry then gets the better of him , as he swoops under his sibling 's wing , prompting an amusing game of tug-of-war. ' the birds are small owls , a species which typically measures 22cm tall.
a celtic side with the scent of the treble in their nostrils facing a st mirren outfit badly in danger of entering free-fall scarcely looked like a recipe for a friday-night thriller. and yet , for all ronny deila 's side prevailed in the end , this scrap provided compelling evidence that they wo n't simply be given a free ride towards a fourth successive title in the coming weeks. celtic winger kris commons -lrb- right -rrb- has a shot on goal during the spl match against st mirren on friday. st mirren 's jim goodwin slides in with a challenge on celtic midfielder stefan johansen at st mirren park.
a czech politician says he has created an entirely new country by claiming three-square-mile patch of land along the croatia-serbia border that neither country claims is theirs. vit jedlicka , 31 , a member of the czech republic 's conservative party of free citizens , is the self-declared president of ` liberland ' , which is located on the banks of the danube river. the land making up the so-called ` micronation ' was apparently forgotten when the balkan peninsula which split into new countries following the breakup of yugoslavia in the 1990s. hope : if liberland is ever formally recognised it will become the third smallest sovereign state in the world , behind the vatican city and monaco.
cigars may be more harmful to smokers than cigarettes , researchers warned yesterday. the news comes as cigar use rises in the us , where the study was carried out , and cigarette smoking declines. researchers have warned that cigars may be more harmful to smokers than cigarettes. they found the risk for cigar smokers of dying from oral , oesophageal or lung cancer was at least as bad as for cigarettes. cigar consumption more than doubled from 6.2 billion in 2000 to more than 13.7 billion in 2011 -- in contrast with a 33 per cent fall for cigarettes. researchers analysed 22 studies , including five from britain , and found the risks for cigar smokers of dying from oral , oesophageal or lung cancer was at least as bad as for cigarettes.
clothing that features slogans joking about stalking has been slammed by the suzy lamplugh trust , a london-based charity which aims to ` make society a safer place '. scroll down for video. ` it does n't help that the messages are out there , it just reinforces the myths that are around stalking. ' offending articles : the t-shirts in question are sold in us and uk stores including zazzle , look human -lrb- pictured -rrb- and north shore shirts. in honour of national stalking awareness week , which started on monday , the personal safety charity , which runs the national stalking helpline , has released a two-minute animated film to help shift the public 's , at times , blasé perspective on the matter.
last weekend , after a sunny day in the borders , i posted this picture of myself on twitter with the caption ` just met nicola sturgeon lookalike out canvassing ! ' i admit , it was n't a particularly funny joke , but i had no idea of the outrage my light-hearted comment would provoke from the devoted followers of scotland 's first minister and the leader of the snp. i was called ugly , vile , ` someone who deserves to die ' , and one wit even ` hoped i would catch malaria '. luckily , i 've got a thick skin , but whatever happened to free speech ? in the knockabout atmosphere of an election campaign , everything is up for debate.
three more of hillary clinton 's ` everyday americans ' have been revealed to have strong links to the democrat party - including one who could be set to support a rival bid for the white house. julie stauch and married couple sean bagniewski and vidhya reddy all appear in on the video announcing clinton 's 2016 bid. ' but far from being ` everyday americans ' , as the two minute video claims , stauch and bagniewski are directly involved with the democrat party - just like campaigners jared milrad and nate johnson , from chicago , illinois , who discuss their upcoming wedding plans on screen.
the search for a missing 15-year-old girl in ohio who ran away from home on her bike early sunday morning has ended after she was found in the same town safe and sound monday afternoon. details about where lauren york was during her more than 24 hours missing were not detailed by police. we are all praising god , ' her mother grace york posted on facebook monday afternoon. lauren 's parents believe she left their home in north ridgeville around 4am , and first noticed she was missing when they woke up to have easter breakfast and she was gone.
the tears have dried but for how long ? it 's been almost a year to the day since darrell clarke cracked in front of the cameras as he explained how bristol rovers fell out of the football league for the first time since 1920. rovers had spent less than an hour in the league two relegation zone all season but , crucially , it was the last hour of the campaign. the music stopped , mansfield had beaten them 1-0 , the two other teams that needed to win had won , and rovers were left without a seat. the tears came , # 1million from the playing budget went and rovers were a conference side , three years after being in league one.
when she was 15 weeks pregnant with her fifth child , clare van santen was told she had breast cancer. after undergoing a specific chemotherapy regime which had been found to have no negative impact on unborn children , and having a mastectomy , her son was born happy and most importantly , healthy. ` he had a full head of hair when he was born , and i was bald so that made me feel better , ' ms van santen , who is from perth , joked. singe mother-of-five clare van santen , 37 , -lrb- back of image -rrb- is currently battling terminal breast cancer.
it 's every interviewer 's worst nightmare. ask the wrong question and you find your interviewee walking out on you mid sentence. after questioning the 50-year-old actor as to whether he had managed to fight his demons the actor said : ` i 'm sorry , i really do n't ... what are we doing ? ' before walking out of the interview. channel 4 presenter krishnan guru-murthy looks bemused as robert downey junior walks out on an interview with him after the journalist asked him about his personal life. the american star is in london to promote his new film avengers : age of ultron but became aggravated when the chat took a turn for the personal.
a new video of rihanna at the coachella music festival appears to show the star preparing a suspicious substance and holding her nose. after the camera cuts to her friends , it then pans back to rihanna holding her nose for several seconds. scroll down for videos. something to tell us rihanna ? after the camera cuts to her pals , it then pans back to rihanna holding her nose for several seconds. while the video was quickly removed from instagram , rihanna later shared a similar video on her own page , which shows a brief clip of her holding the supposed tube in her hands.
pep guardiola hit his critics for six as bayern munich trounced porto to reach the champions league semi-finals on tuesday night. the six goals smashed past the hapless portuguese pretenders in the quarter-final second leg at the allianz arena now takes bayern 's goals total for the season to a spectacular and barely believable 115. bayern still have five bundesliga matches to play as they march towards a third consecutive title , the german cup semi-final against borussia dortmund on april 28 , and potentially three champions league matches , should they reach the final. if guardiola 's goalscoring machine churns them out at their current rate of 2.61 per game , that would mean an eyewatering total of 141 goals for the season.
i hope when you were sitting at home in front of your tellies looking forward to the latest instalment of the arsene vs jose show that you remembered all important thing : this classic managerial match-up is no capital club sprint , it 's a london derby marathon. perhaps they can do that next year ? this year , instead , once the actual race was run , all roads led to the emirates and a sky sports team all set to act as pacemaker for the afternoon. arsene wenger has a look in the direction of jose mourinho during the stalemate at the emirates.
-lrb- except guy fieri would probably have been recognized by the crowd at chipotle. dining aside , it 's hard -- almost impossible -- to soft-launch a campaign with a superstar politician. -lrb- i half imagined an o.j. moment with a helicopter hovering as she made her way down i-80. hillary clinton -- and her experienced campaign team -- are disciplined and relentlessly on message. but when you 're sitting at a community college in iowa and you tick off your rationale for running and your resume -- unprompted -- it seems less effective and more oddly incongruent. -lrb- a majority of voters -- 53 % -- say they want to vote for someone who has been financially successful , as opposed to someone who has not.
floyd mayweather dismissed conor mcgregor 's recent comments about being able to ` kill ' the boxer inside 30 seconds - claiming he is just being a publicity hound. with under two weeks to go until his $ 300milllion fight with manny pacquiao , the undefeated champion claims that the irish ufc star is just looking to gain some attention off the back of the media frenzy surrounding the fight. he told tmz sports : ' i do n't take that dude seriously. ' conor mcgregor showed off his expensive bmw 640i m sport convertible on his latest instagram post. mcgregor fights jose aldo on july 11 , as his metaphoric rise in the ufc continues with a shot at the featherweight world title.
as if it was n't bad enough having a job that involves routinely entering strangers ' homes , these estate agents may have just been put off for life. as a part of sky living 's promotion for its upcoming three-part drama , the enfield haunting , real london estate agents were invited to value a house in a viral video. london estate agents were invited to a fake haunted house , where they were subject to terrifying pranks. installed with secret cameras , microphones and booby traps , the unsuspecting estate agents are subject to cruel , but hilarious , pranks - which prompt hysterical reactions.
catania , italy -lrb- cnn -rrb- the boat that sank in the mediterranean over the weekend with hundreds of migrants on board may have capsized after being touched or swamped by a cargo ship that came to its aid , a u.n. official said. carlotta asami , a spokeswoman for the united nations ' refugee agency , made the comments to cnn early tuesday after she and two of her colleagues had spoken to multiple survivors from the disaster who arrived in catania , italy. they said that as the cargo ship king jacob approached late saturday , migrants on the smaller boat moved to one side , hoping to be saved , and caused the vessel to capsize.
bbc presenter charlie stayt has been blasted after he misspelt the word ` education ' during a live report on the issue. viewers took to twitter to complain after he missed out the letter ` c ' when he scrawled the word on a whiteboard at a primary school in southampton , hampshire. the presenter left out the letter ` c ' when he wrote the word for the third time on the whiteboard this morning. ' viewer john morley added : ` fantastic , #bbcbreakfast presenter ca n't spell education. ' crafty monkey wrote : ' @bbcbreakfast c - !! could do better ! ' afterwards , bill turnbull told stayt he had started a twitter frenzy and made him spell out the word education live on air.
a property developer who falsely accused his neighbour 's son-in-law of a racist assault in a row over a new driveway smirked yesterday as he walked free from court. sanjay chaddah concocted a 't issue of lies ' , claiming dean paton had kicked him and called him a ` p ** i ' following the 18-month boundary dispute in a genteel village in the wirral. but the move backfired when police discovered that the altercation had been caught on cctv and cleared mr paton of any wrongdoing. yesterday chaddah , 43 , who claimed he was suffering from post-traumatic stress , punched the air with delight as he strolled free from court after being given a six-month suspended sentence for common assault and perjury.
the celebrity chef , who lives in los angeles with his actress wife lindsay price and their two boys , hudson aged three and seven-month-old emerson , is not about to let junk food pass their mouths. scroll down for video. healthy living : curtis stone and his actress wife lindsay price have two boys , hudson , 3 , and emerson , 7 months. ` of course one day he will be invited to a party at a fast food restaurant and i 'm not going to say no , you can live a life of course , but you are in charge of his day to day.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- caught up in a rip current while snorkeling at finn 's beach in bali , roxy walsh was holding on to some rocks when she spotted something special. but there were no other clues -lrb- besides the fact that the words were written in english -rrb- as to where the couple might live. when she returned home to palm beach , australia , walsh was determined to reunite the ring with its owner. she went to the 5,000 members of her company 's facebook page , kids in adelaide , to reunite joe and jenny with the ring.
ed miliband was accused of ` offensive ' behaviour ` touching on racism ' by a sikh community leader yesterday after banning journalists from a place of worship. the labour leader visited the gurdwara -- a sikh temple -- during a campaign tour of the midlands on wednesday. worshippers were also banned from using cameras and phones to take pictures of the labour leader , who had donned a red head-covering to comply with sikh customs. scroll down for video. behind closed doors : ed miliband , donning a red head-covering to comply with sikh customs , in secret footage from the gurdwara.
` evil ' : the duchess of cambridge 's uncle gary goldsmith took to twitter after his beloved chihuahua cheech was run over by a ` speeding ' cyclist in regents park. the duchess of cambridge 's uncle hit out yesterday at a ` speeding ' cyclist who ran over his dog and ` left him for dead '. gary goldsmith , the controversial brother of kate 's mother , carole middleton , posted a picture of the alleged culprit who hit his chihuahua , cheech , on social media. ' the flamboyant millionaire businessman , who was once caught up in a tabloid sting in which he was alleged to have offered a reporter drugs and prostitutes , was with his wife julie-ann in regent 's park at 8.30 am yesterday.
with two personal maids and travel by private jet , choupette is by far the world 's most pampered pet. the fashion designer has revealed his white siamese earned # 2.18 million last year - that 's just # 220,000 less than cara delevingne , one of the world 's top models , who took home # 2.4 million. scroll down for video. lagerfeld , 82 , said his cat was picked to appear in a commercial for cars in germany and beauty products in japan. ` choupette became the most famous cat in the world , and the richest , ' said lagerfeld , the head designer for fashion house chanel.
here even a ` poor space miner can maybe strike it lucky at the zero-g roulette tables '. that 's the fantastic future imagined by one artist , whose awe-inspiring drawings of a next-generation space station in orbit reveal what space travel may one day look like. concept artist alex brady from cambridge has created beautiful pictures of what space travel might look like. he imagines a space station of tomorrow similar to las vegas -lrb- shown in image -rrb- , with neon lights and plenty of attractions. the images were created by concept artist alex brady , 32 , from cambridge in the uk , who normally works on video games and movies.
children caught throwing rocks at police in the northern territory will be removed from their families if their parents do n't ` get off the grog ' and bring them home , the local government has warned. the northern territory 's chief minister adam giles and minister for children and families john elferink made the threat after a recent rise in youth crime in alice springs surrounding the easter holidays. mr elferink threatened : ` if parents do n't want to see their children in care then they need to get off the grog and head back to their home community.
a policeman has ploughed a lone furrow after ten years as one of the most remotely stationed officers in australia. later this year senior constable neale mcshane is set to retire from his decade long post in the harsh region of birdsville , which borders on the simpson desert in far south-west queensland. the 59-year-old has spent 40 years as an officer in three different states , but he told daily mail australia that nothing compares to the immense heat and desolate conditions of patrolling birsdville , which has a jurisdiction of about the size of the united kingdom. scroll down for video.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- after deliberating for more than 35 hours over parts of seven days , listening intently to the testimony of more than 130 witnesses and reviewing more than 400 pieces of evidence , the teary-eyed men and women of the jury exchanged embraces. since late january , their work in the massachusetts murder trial of former nfl star aaron hernandez had consumed their lives. '' the days were long and tedious. `` it 's been an incredibly emotional toll on all of us , '' lesa strachan told cnn 's anderson cooper thursday in the first nationally televised interview with members of the jury.
the number plate that got jeremy clarkson and his former top gear colleagues harangued out of argentina was a direct reference to the falklands war , a judge has ruled. while the bbc claimed the plate , which read h982 fkl , was an ` unhappy coincidence ' , maria cristina barrionuevo said they were deliberately ` provoking people ' when they drove it through the country last year. scroll down for video. a judge has ruled the controversial number plate that led to jeremy clarkson and his top gear colleagues being thrown out of argentina was a deliberate reference to the 1982 falklands war.
the fbi repeatedly deceived congress by destroying vital files relating to the assassination of martin luther king , a new book claims. by destroying the files the fbi disobeyed a direct order not to do so from a congressional committee which had been set up to investigate the killing of king and former president john f kennedy. wexler told daily mail online that the bureau 's actions were ` disturbing ' and that his research had left him suspecting that agents had mounted a deliberate operation to bury the truth forever. king was shot dead by james earl ray on 4 april 1968 at the lorraine motel in memphis , tennessee in a killing which galvanized the civil rights movement.
every one of africa 's 54 member countries will vote for sepp blatter in next month 's fifa presidential election , the continent 's soccer boss said on tuesday , referring to the 79-year-old swiss as ` dear sepp. ' in front of blatter 's three challengers , issa hayatou , president of the confederation of african football , promised unanimous support in his speech to open caf 's annual congress in cairo. africa stays with you , ' hayatou said , according to a transcript of his comments provided by caf. sepp blatter -lrb- left -rrb- has received the full backing of african football 's president issa hayatou -lrb- right -rrb-.
ahead of another weekend in the barclays premier league , sportsmail brings you the latest squad news , odds and stats on every top flight fixture as it breaks. simply click on your team in the fixture list below to find out who is ruled out and who is making a return as well as all the key statistics surrounding your club 's fixture. in or out ? keep up-to-date with all the latest team news and stats ahead of the premier league weekend. arsenal vs liverpool -lrb- 12.45 pm -rrb-. everton vs southampton -lrb- 3pm -rrb-. leicester city vs west ham united -lrb- 3pm -rrb-.
the diversity of life on earth is increasing despite dire warnings that the planet is facing a mass extinction , a leading writer has claimed. this chart shows the increase in marine biodiversity from the fossil record and the five mass extinction events. his views are likely to be controversial with conservationists who have been warning that human activities risk killing off a large proportion of species on earth in an event to rival the extinction of the dinosaurs. mr brand , who campaigns for long term solutions to the world 's problems rather than short term policy decisions , said that the rate of discovery of new species was currently outstripping the loss of species to extinction.
judges have caused controversy by ordering that the parents of nine children involved in plots to travel to syria should have their identities hidden. they include three terror suspects who have all previously been named but now can not be identified to protect their youngsters from the glare of publicity. also among the parents are a couple who lied to the authorities about losing their daughter 's passport. scroll down for video. all smiles : waheed ahmed , son of labour councillor shakil ahmed , after being held on the syrian border. one case involves a family of nine britons -- three men , two women and four children aged between one and 11 -- who were caught trying to get into lawless syria from turkey last week.
the huge build-up to england women 's under 19 replay against norway was truly bizarre and unprecedented. leah williamson held incredible nerve to retake a penalty which she ought to have taken on saturday , were it not for german referee marjia kurtes ' terrific blunder. kurtes disallowed williamson 's penalty for encroachment from england players at the weekend , but instead of ordering her back to the spot , awarded a free-kick to norway. leah williamson -lrb- centre -rrb- stepped up again to take the penalty during the 18-second rematch against norway. norwegian goalkeeper oda marie hove bogstad was unable to stop williamson 's brilliant effort.
an indian woman who holds several awards for the extreme length of her hair has ambitions of one day becoming a guinness world record holder. smita srivastava , of allahabad , in the indian state of uttar pradesh , currently holds the record for having the longest hair in india -- documented at 6ft -lrb- 1.8 m -rrb- in the limca book of records. smita srivastava currently holds the record for having the longest hair in india , documented in the limca book of records. but the 37-year-old indian rapunzel , who has become somewhat of a local celebrity , does not intend to rest on her laurels.
the founder and ceo of chobani has settled a lawsuit filed by his ex-wife , who laid claim to half the $ 2 billion greek yogurt empire. his american-born ex , dr. ayse giray , sued him in 2012 on claims her family lent him $ 500,000 that helped make his dreams a reality. settled : hamdi ulukaya , the founder and ceo of chobani , has settled a lawsuit filed by his ex-wife , who laid claim to half the $ 2 billion greek yogurt empire. the settlement came just before manhattan supreme court justice saliann scarpulla was due to rule on whether giray could retroactively be named a shareholder in chobani 's predecessor company , a feta cheese operation called euphrates.
unite baron len mccluskey has boasted that trade unions ` own ' the labour party and its policies. ` the labour party is our party. ' the boast comes only 24 hours after alex salmond bragged that he would be writing labour 's budget. the arrogant claim by the former scottish first minister , who is running as an snp candidate , was featured on the front page of yesterday 's mail. unite boss len mccluskey , pictured , boasted that the trade union movement ` owns ' the labour party. the intervention of mr mccluskey , so soon after mr salmond 's mocking remarks , is another humiliation for ed miliband.
ahead of the 79th edition of the masters , sportsmail counts down the 20 greatest shots ever seen at augusta national golf club. here are nos 20-11. mark o'meara celebrates his winning putt in 1998. aged 41 , mark o'meara 's chances of a major championship appeared to have gone despite a fine career and many victories on the pga tour. but o'meara shot two birdies in three holes from the 15th on sunday and a good approach into the 18th left him with a 20-footer to beat david duval and fred couples. click here to watch the video. 19 billy joe patton , 1954.
beach-goers were faced with a different kind of sea creature when they entered the water at victoria 's picturesque rye beach last week - a swimming echidna ! the prickly australian mammal was filmed paddling out to sea in the turquoise waters off the mornington peninsula , 83 km south of melbourne. scroll down for video. this echidna was spotted paddling out to sea off rye beach , a popular surfing and fishing spot on victoria 's mornington peninsula. the video of the swimming echidna , which looks to be happily using its ant-eating snout as a snorkel , was posted online by youtube user emma b.
the prime minister made the gaffe on a campaign visit to devon , before risking the wrath of purists by claiming ` it all tastes the same '. scroll down for video. how do you eat your scone ? how do you eat your scone ? now share your opinion. the tory leader has spent the day campaigning in devon , where he must win several seats if he is to stand any chance of winning a majority. but his hopes of courting support in the county were given a knock with his food faux pas as he chatted with staff and customers of tea by the taw on the strand in barnstaple , the north devon gazette reported.
after a report on headlines concerning the u.s. and cuba , cnn student news gives some perspective on california 's historic drought : its effects are becoming more likely to ripple across the nation. there 's been a flu outbreak in chicago -- but not one that affects humans. and a proposed tunnel would connect denmark and germany via an undersea road and rail line. transcript. click here to access the transcript of today 's cnn student news program. cnn student news is created by a team of journalists who consider the common core state standards , national standards in different subject areas , and state standards when producing the show.
rescue workers tasked with freeing almost 100 dogs that had been kept locked up in a blacked-out barn in tennessee this week say they were met with fear when approaching the animals , but not their own. i saw little to no emotion , and when i did see an emotion , i saw fear , ' said scotlund haisley , president of animal rescue corps , which led the rescue operation. the dogs , who had been living in complete darkness , were found last saturday in the barn in manchester ; many emaciated , ` living in several inches of their own waste ' and close to death.
china 's ding junhui suffered a bizarre lapse of concentration which ended his chance of a rare maximum 147 break at the world snooker championship on tuesday. the world no 3 suddenly realised what he had done and held his head in his hands before starting to giggle along with his first-round opponent mark davis. the chinese world no 3 realised what he had done and chuckled during his first-round match with mark davis. ding was n't able to continue his break to pocket # 30,000 at the world snooker championships at the crucible .
louis jordan , 37 , released a three-paragraph statement on monday in which he said he stayed inside his cabin to keep dry and avoid sun , wind , waves and sea spray during his ordeal. the man rescued from a disabled sailboat off the north carolina coast has responded to critics of his story by claiming that he avoided sunburn and blisters by staying in the vessel 's cabin and that he survived by rationing food and water. he said he rationed food and water and kept his calorie expenditure low. jordan was spotted by a german-flagged boat on thursday , more than two months after sailing out of a south carolina marina.
the world 's oldest person has died a few weeks after celebrating her 117th birthday - after saying her life seemed ` rather short '. misao okawa was surrounded by her family and staff at her nursing home in osaka , japan , as she died of heart failure on april 1. the world 's oldest person , misao okawa of japan , died on april 1 aged 117. she marred her husband , yukio , in 1919 , and they had two daughters and a son. the ` super-centenarian ' , who was only fifth person ever recorded to have reached the age of 117 , but was still walking until she was 110.
harvey weinstein 's wife of eight years is furious and humiliated by the allegations that he groped a 22-year-old italian model , according to a new report. fashion designer georgina chapman , 38 , said she does not want the accusations tied to ambra battilana and her husband to further embarrass their children or interrupt her business , a source told the new york daily news. she thinks it 's embarrassing not only to her but to their kids , ' said the socialite who worked with the couple. weinstein , 63 , has emphatically denied sexually assaulting battilana during a march 27 business meeting at his tribeca office.
watching a 3-1 first leg aggregate advantage turn into a 7-4 deficit come the end of the reverse encounter too could send many fans apoplectic at the capitulation of their side. porto supporters gave their team a hero 's welcome following their 6-1 defeat at bayern munich on tuesday. porto star striker jackson martinez was one of many players to look perplexed by their warm reception. porto boss julen lopetegui -lrb- left -rrb- was hugged by fans congratulating him on their champions league run. police escorts were needed to keep the delirious supporters at bay as the porto team bus drove past.
doctors have condemned a social media campaign which accuses mothers who have a caesarean as being ` too lazy to have a baby '. the image , which is believed to come from a firebrand american religious group called ` the disciples of the new dawn ' in the u.s , has been circulating on mother 's groups in australia. university of sydney 's professor of gynecology hans peter dietz told daily mail australia the image represents a broader anti-caesarean sentiment which has harmful consequences for women who should be choosing caesareans for health reasons. that 's like saying it 's your fault that have an inflamed appendix , or bowel cancer.
facebook has two days to release all emails to a defense lawyer whose client has fled from criminal charges that he falsely claimed a majority ownership in the social media giant. ceglia has been on the run for a month after cutting off his electronic ankle bracelet. his father told a court they believe facebook and the prosecutors were conspiring against him. on friday , u.s. district judge vernon broderick told facebook inc. and owner mark zuckerberg they have until monday to relinquish the information that was requested by ceglia 's lawyer , robert ross fogg. the order ignores zuckerberg 's request to wait until ceglia is caught before handing over the documents.
researchers have uncovered the reason why skin is so difficult to tear even when put under extreme pressures , by cutting samples of real skin and attempting to pull them apart. they found that rather than simply tearing , mammalian skin actually has sophisticated stress resistance properties that prevent holes and cuts from expanding. the researchers cut real skin samples and then attempted to rip them by pulling them apart -lrb- shown above -rrb-. using x-ray beams they were able to directly observe the microscopic changes that take place in skin to help it resist tearing during their stomach churning experiments.
the banyan tree in guangxi province does not stand on a single trunk , but a whole web of roots. scroll down for video. fairy tale : the banyan looks like enchanted trees found in children 's books. uprooted : the original tree roots grew up against a wall , before it was moved to a nearby park. originally the roots of the tree grew up against a wall , but when the wall was demolished the tree was carefully uprooted to its new location northern gulf marine and cultural park in fangchenggang city. the roots then became the trunk of the tree , leading to its strange appearance.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- recently , nashville 's district attorney banned prosecutors from offering female sterilization in plea deals. believe it or not , nashville prosecutors have offered this option four times in the past five years. there has been public outrage at the notion that a defendant in america in 2015 would be offered a choice of sterilization as part of a plea deal. some have claimed this practice `` evokes a dark corner of american history '' where the mentally ill or `` deficient '' were forced to undergo sterilization. female sterilization is linked to the controversial `` eugenics '' movement , which advocated for the notion that the human race can be improved by selective breeding of people with superior genes.
a self-proclaimed animal lover was ` shocked ' and ` disgusted ' to find a ball that she thinks was purpose designed to harm animals or children near her home. tegan peters , 22 , from auckland new zealand said she immediately wanted to warn her pakuranga community after finding a tennis ball deliberately covered in sharp pins in ti rakau park , south of auckland. self-proclaimed animal lover , tegan peters , pictured with her dog odin , was ` shocked ' and ` disgusted ' to find a ball that she thinks was purpose designed to harm animals or children near her home.
david curry -lrb- pictured -rrb- was asked to leave the wallow wetherspoon pub in blyth , northumberland because he was wearing tracksuit bottoms. a father was asked to leave a wetherspoon pub for a family breakfast with his wife and stepdaughter because he was wearing tracksuit bottoms. david curry , 49 , had travelled ten miles from home to visit the wallow in blyth , northumberland , for the first time with wife vee , 45 , and her daughter kayleigh. the pub chain has apologised to mr curry , from ashington , but said a no-tracksuit policy had been in place at the bar since 2013.
a game of cat and mouse has been captured in a series of striking images as the pair battle it out on a shed rooftop like a real life version of much-loved cartoon duo tom and jerry. the snaps of a cat playing with a mouse on a roof in shepton mallet , somerset , illustrate the perils the tiny rodents face in the town. ironically the pet cat 's name is mouse. the pictures were taken by the cat 's owner jason bryant who confirmed the inevitable outcome of the encounter. but she took this poor little thing on to the shed roof where i could n't reach it.
michael bisping is eyeing a long-awaited homecoming ahead of his fight against cb dollaway. the manchester middleweight takes on dollaway in montreal on saturday night bidding to avoid losing successive fights for the first time in his career. and assuming he does so , bisping is open to fighting again in glasgow this july , five years since he last fought in the uk. michael bisping gets up close to cb dolloway during the ufc 186 weigh-in at metropolis on friday. ` he 's going to look for a takedown , i 'm going to stop that takedown. ` i 'm in the best training situation of my life -- if i had this type of training my entire career , i 'd have been a world champion five years ago.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- the first trailer for a documentary on the life and music of late british singer amy winehouse was released thursday. the teaser for `` amy : the girl behind the name , '' set for uk release on july 3 , features early footage of winehouse talking about how her music career was born and where she believed she was headed. `` singing has always been important to me , but i never thought , ` i 'll end up singing ' or ` i 'll be a singer , ' '' winehouse said. '' winehouse , known for her bluesy voice , bouffant hairdo and numerous tattoos , struggled publicly with drugs and alcohol during a career in which she recorded two albums and won six grammys -lrb- one posthumous -rrb-.
duhok , iraqi kurdistan -lrb- cnn -rrb- the children laugh and shriek , as some of them seem to always have the capacity to do no matter how depressing the circumstances. the shariya refugee camp opened around six months ago , made up of some 4,000 tents and counting. thousands of yazidis now call this corner of iraqi kurdistan home , about 18 miles -lrb- 30 kilometers -rrb- from one of the front lines with isis , where one can hear the occasional reverberation in the distance of what we are told are airstrikes. the vast majority of the camp 's occupants are from the town of sinjar , which is near the border with syrian kurdistan , and fled the isis assault there back in august.
a newly-released film about manny pacquiao offers a look into the philippine boxer 's childhood ahead of his much anticipated fight against floyd mayweather jnr next month. ` he 's just like every one of us , ' director paul soriano said at the film 's manila premiere on tuesday night. ` he was born with nothing but because of god , because of hard work and faith , he became something. film director paul soriano -lrb- left -rrb- with actors buboy villar and alessandra de ross at the premiere of kid kulafu. villar -lrb- right -rrb- plays the part of a young pacquiao as he rises from humble beginnings to a boxing career.
yet , despite all this interest , the rest of us remain baffled , emotionally and scientifically , by the uncanny bonds identical twins share. ashley -lrb- left -rrb- and mary-kate olsen -lrb- right -rrb- are two of the most famous twins in the world and despite their very similar appearances they are not actually identical twins. take pre-colonial brazilians , who thought twins were a product of adultery , resulting in the poor innocent mother often being executed for her supposed infidelity. some primitive african societies abhorred twins because of the way multiple births resemble an animal 's litter. in greek mythology , however , twins were believed to be the product of human intercourse with the gods , meaning they were sacred , while ancient slavs maintained that twins shared one special soul.
defeated : napoleon -lrb- illustrated -rrb- lost at the battle of waterloo in 1815. guests attending a service in london to mark the 200th anniversary of the battle of waterloo have been told not to act in a ` triumphalist ' way -- to avoid upsetting the french. invitations to the service at st paul 's cathedral advise that it will avoid glorifying the duke of wellington 's historic victory over napoleon in 1815. but last night the move was criticised by politicians , who said it ` took political correctness to an absurd new degree '. conservative jacob rees-mogg , who is bidding to be re-elected as a somerset mp , said : ` waterloo was a triumph of good versus evil.
the mere mention of somalia elicits images of poverty or violent conflict for most people who have never travelled to the nation in the horn of africa. one of the brightest stars , ugaaso abukar boocow , has become a celebrity on instagram , where she is trying to change people 's perceptions with photos and videos that reveal a side of somalia that most people have never seen. scroll down for video. with nearly 70,000 followers , ugaaso abukar boocow -lrb- pictured -rrb- has become a celebrity on instagram. the 27-year-old is trying to change people 's perceptions of somalia with her photos of everyday life.
in 1982 , hollywood-born chanteuse charlene had a surprise worldwide hit with i 've never been to me. one of the most irritating lyrics in the song - it has many - is when she sings about the ` isle of greece ' , as if she were discussing the isle of man or the isle of wight. do n't take this the wrong way , america , but is there anybody in your country with a geography o-level to their name ? this may come as a surprise to our transatlantic cousins but greece has rather more islands in its portfolio than one - in fact there are more than 6,000 , most of them uninhabited.
those who achieve greatness are high achievers from an early stage. they know this better than most at anfield. by the time he was 20 in december 1999 , his list of accomplishments read like the wish-list of many footballers. he had been named pfa young player of the year -lrb- 1998 -rrb- , scored one of the greatest world cup finals goals and won bbc sports personality of the year. there were also 18 england caps and he had passed 50 career goals for liverpool. raheem sterling , pictured in training on thursday , has rejected a new contract worth # 100,000-a-week.
a man who spent nearly 30 years on alabama 's death row was freed friday after a decades-long fight to prove his innocence. according to the birmingham news , as he walked free , he declared : ` the sun do shine ! ' anthony ray hinton , 58 , was released in the morning from the jefferson county jail in birmingham. he hugged tearful family members as he walked out and was embraced by his sister , darlene gardner. ' scroll down for video. freedom : anthony ray hinton -lrb- center -rrb- walked free from the jefferson county jail in alabama on friday morning after 30 years on death row.
but under their clothing - and in some cases , in their louis vuitton bags - they are carrying knives , brass knuckles and pepper spray. meet some of the more than 200 members of check it , the only documented gang of gay and transgender youths in america. the teenagers and young adults , who have faced discrimination throughout their entire lives , are the subjects of a new independent documentary. the film , also named check it , explains how many of the youths have been stabbed or shot at , while others have served time in juvenile prisons.
a 16-year-old schoolboy is warning classmates to avoid the ` kylie jenner ' challenge after being left with a bruised face when he sucked into a glass to emulate the kardashians star 's bee-stung pout. but the 16-year-old was left with dark bruising around his lips and chin which lasted more than three days. scroll down for video. but the schoolboy was left with bruising round his chin and mouth. now he is warning classmates not to take part in the craze sparked by beauty-conscious youths desperate for a fuller pout. everyone in school is doing it. ' the new craze is popular among teens desperate to emulate kylie jenner 's bee-stung pout -lrb- pictured -rrb-.
what a perfect game to represent such an absurd season. then it all went bonkers and eddie howe was caught between feelings of regret and unhappiness with paul tierney , the referee. the glorious detail is that bournemouth trailed to a kieran lee sucker punch , levelled through yann kermorgant and then had a man sent off. chris maguire converts an injury time penalty so salvage a draw for sheffield wednesday at dean court. maguire celebrates his late , late strike as the owls held bournemouth to a draw on their home turf. bournemouth : boruc , francis , elphick , cook , -lrb- jones 64 -rrb- , daniels , ritchie , arter , surman , pugh -lrb- smith 57 -rrb- , kermorgant -lrb- ward 81 -rrb- , wilson.
judging by her tiny waist , sienna miller works at maintaining her shape. sienna miller s a yoga fan - her mother started one of the first london yoga schools in the seventies. but the mother-of-one is a yoga fan - her mother started one of the first london yoga schools in the seventies. hip rolls , a pilates move that targets the ` oblique ' abdominal muscles around the waist. lie on your back , knees bent and feet flat on floor , hip-width apart. the slim actress also works with a personal trainer , power-walking and jogging around her local park .
and on sunday director gareth edwards took to the stage to reveal a few details about rogue one , the first of the standalone star wars films , at the stars wars celebration in anaheim , california. at the same time , the iconic franchise 's twitter account posted a capsule of the storyline , saying : ' a band of resistance fighters unite for a daring mission to steal the death star plans in star wars anthology film , rogue one #rogueone. ' scroll down for video ... first look : director gareth edwards revealed a glimpse of the first star wars spin-off rogue one at the star wars celebration convention in anaheim , california , on sunday.
the search for missing woman jessica bialek is over after she returned to her home this evening. the 37-year-old had been missing since about 8:30 am on wednesday morning. she returned to her home near sydney on thursday evening , and is ` safe and well ' with loved ones. scroll down for video. the father of missing sydney woman jessica bialek -lrb- pictured -rrb- has made a desperate plea for information about her whereabouts. found. police have confirmed ms bialek returned home , and she is now speaking with officers about her disappearance. ms bialek had last been seen by her family when she left home to walk to the bank.
the man who threw a banana peel at dave chappelle on monday night denies he is racist , claiming it was ` just a joke '. defending his actions , christian englander added that he threw another at a second black man just two days later - insisting that was also a joke. ` i 'm sorry that my joke was misconstrued as a racial attack on dave chappelle , ' the 30-year-old artist told the albuquerque journal. englander was arrested on suspicion of disorderly conduct and battery during chapelle 's show in new mexico. on thursday , he claims to have hurled another banana peel at a man who confronted him about the first attack outside a santa fe bar.
the enormous 20,000 square foot mansion in the ritzy suburb of barrington is opulent and private , sitting by two lakes in eight acres of manicured gardens. scroll down for video. it took five years to build the house , which sits by two lakes in eight acres of manicured gardens. the sophisticated five bedroom , nine bathroom french country-style estate that serves as a glamorous backdrop to the show is listed at $ 13 million , having failed to find a buyer at $ 15.9 million since it first hit the market in 2013. it took five years to build the enormous mansion , with construction finally coming to a halt in 2008.
what alastair cook did here , particularly in the first hour of his innings , was spot-on. this was really encouraging for the england captain but ultimately hugely frustrating because he could n't push on to that all-important hundred. alastair cook 's innings into day three in grenada was spot on , particularly the first hour of it. cook worked his way to an encouraging 50 but frustratingly was out playing shannon gabriel on for 76. yet it is nonsense to say a batsman who has hit 25 test hundreds can not drive the ball. of course he can. the key for him is not to play the drive too early , when the ball is moving around and his balance at the crease is not quite right.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- most climbers who try do n't succeed in summiting the 29,035-foot-high mount everest , the world 's tallest peak. that 's why an experienced climbing group from the indian army plans to trek up the 8,850-meter mountain to pick up at least 4,000 kilograms -lrb- more than 8,000 pounds -rrb- of waste from the high-altitude camps , according to india today. the mountain is part of the himalaya mountain range on the border between nepal and the tibet region. the 34-member team plans to depart for kathmandu on saturday and start the ascent in mid-may. the upcoming trip marks the 50th anniversary of the first indian team to scale mount everest.
pouting and playing with her mother 's pearl necklace , sweden 's princess leonore looked distinctly out of sorts during a visit to the vatican. cradled in the arms of her pregnant mother , princess madeleine , 32 , the little girl was instead whisked off to meet pope francis. displeased : princess leonore looked less than impressed with her trip to the vatican. madeleine , who wore a traditional lace mantilla for the occasion , is thought to be around six months pregnant with her second child and will give birth this summer. but before that happens , she has a busy schedule of events in and outside of sweden to complete - many with her british businessman husband christopher o'neill , 40 , by her side.
when pele and bobby moore embraced , yielding perhaps the most famous of all images of sportsmanship on a football pitch , the final whistle had already blown. that was in 1970 , at the end of a wonderfully hard-fought world cup group match between england and brazil , which the south americans won 1-0. newcastle keeper tim krul congratulated sunderland striker jermain defoe on his goal at half-time. bobby moore 's famous hug with pele in 1970 is often held up as the peak of sportsmanship. tim krul and jermain defoe are lesser stars than moore and pele , of course , and the newcastle united goalkeeper 's instinctively friendly gesture towards the man who had just scored a brilliant goal past him took place with 45 minutes yet to play.
for a limited time starbucks will be introducing the s'more frappuccino which is scheduled to hit stored on tuesday , april 28. cnn reports that bottles of the flavor have been on sale in grocery stores since last month. s'more fun for summer : for a limited time starbucks will be introducing the s'more frappuccino which is scheduled to hit stored on tuesday , april 28. camping favorite : starbucks says that the drink is inspired by the ` the nostalgic summer experience of roasting s'mores. ' starbucks says that the drink is inspired by the ` the nostalgic summer experience of roasting s'mores.
water police have been called in to help with the search of a missing autistic boy , as 11-year-old luke shambrook is ` fascinated ' by water but can not swim. luke has been missing for two nights in a victorian national park , with temperatures dropping to as low as eight degree celsius on saturday night. he was last seen leaving candlebark campground in fraser national park near lake eildon at 9.30 am on good friday. according the herald sun , the 11-year-old was reportedly seen walking near the devils river on sunday , four kilometres south of his campsite where he was last seen.
roman abramovich has never spoken in public since buying chelsea , nor is there any expectation that he will. marina granovskaia is a chelsea director and arguably the most powerful woman in english football as the club 's transfer and contract negotiator. she is confirmed to speak -- at least according to the organisers -- for the first time publicly to an audience of 300 senior sports industry figures at a women in sport conference planned by the leaders brand on may 21. marina granovskaia poses with eden hazard as the chelsea playmaker signs his new contract in february. roman abramovich has never spoken in public since buying chelsea , nor is there any expectation that he will.
abigail ahern described the colours used by kelly wearstler in her malibu beachhouse as ` the most beautiful and complex i 've ever seen ' ahern says of this miami home : ` inspired by a natural palette -- silvery greys , driftwood taupes , watery greens and storm cloud greys -- it 's what you might call glammed-up neutrals. i adore ! ' the designer says : ' i assure you white hallways would n't have the same effect ! ' so her message to anyone looking to transform their home is to ditch the beige , stop procrastinating and be bold with colour.
kitchens sell houses. they are the heart of the home , the hub of dinner parties and usually the ` debrief of the day ' meeting room. after judging the kitchens on the block last week and taking into account what buyers look for in a kitchen , property buyers expert frank valentic gives his tips for ensuring great kitchen design. activity based design :. the key to ensuring the practicality of your kitchen is to zone areas of the kitchen based on activities e.g. food preparation , cooking , clean-up etc. with storage for those activities within those zones. there 's no use in a pretty kitchen when your preparation area is on the opposite end of the kitchen from your stovetop.
manchester airport bosses are investigating after passengers on a ryanair flight were allowed to walk through a deserted passport control unchecked. holidaymakers onboard the delayed flight from madrid to manchester had been due to land at 11.25 pm on friday. scroll down for video. passengers from the delayed ryanair flight from madrid to manchester were able to simply walk past empty security cubicles. passengers claim they were not asked for their passport or any other documents but were able to simply stroll past the empty security cubicles. schoolteacher clinton lakin , 46 , told the daily mirror : ` every passenger on that plane walked through without a passport check in britain.
scientists say we know how far away the source of a sound is by listening to the echoes it produces. scientists at the university of connecticut say we know how far away the source of a sound is by listening to the echoes it produces -lrb- stock image shown -rrb-. the research was conducted by scientists from the university of connecticut and published in the journal of neuroscience. researchers have long understood how we can tell a sound 's direction - whether it 's to our left or right , front or back , and above or below us. from their heavy build and short limbs , to the shape of their skull and teeth , there are many ways that the anatomy of neanderthals differed to our own.
when booking a holiday it is easy to be confused when it turns out your flight to vancouver in canada goes to airport code yvr , or why you will be landing in malaga , spain , at an airport with the code agp. while many main airports have codes which make sense , such as jfk for john f. kennedy international airport in new york , of lhr for london heathrow , others can leave passengers baffled - or in fits of laughter. scroll down for video. airline codes features 438 airports from 94 countries , allowing users to finally understand why certain airlines are tagged as they are.
a gay student in louisiana says she is going to skip her senior prom because the school principal wo n't let her wear a tuxedo. though a petition was started and signed by members of the senior class to allow love to wear a tuxedo , it was not acted on by school faculty. carroll high school senior claudetteia love will skip her senior prom after her monroe , louisiana , school 's principal told her that she would not be allowed to wear a tuxedo. principal patrick taylor told love that the decision was dress-code related and that she should n't take it personally.
you could have fried an egg on david cameron 's upper lip yesterday afternoon when he appeared in sunny bristol. the space was uncomfortably hot and mr cameron was looking straight into a merciless , piercing , armpit-moistening sun. the prime ministerial upper lip was soon glistening. attack of the sweats ! david cameron worked up a sweat as he made a visit to poole in dorset and sunny bristol. pictured : the prime minister speaks with lilli docherty and her daughter dakota over lunch in a sun-drenched garden. but there is something clinical , immutable , rigid , unspontaneous so far about this tory campaign.
john lewis is still desperately trying to sell its leftover christmas stock despite spending millions on a festive advertising campaign. the department store has slashed the prices on almost 200 products in an attempt to flog christmas trees , festive ornaments and decorations - more than three months after december 25. it comes after the major high street outlet reportedly spent # 7million on its tear-jerking 2014 christmas advert campaign featuring monty the penguin. the department store giant has slashed its prices on its christmas decorations and festive themed gifts such as this gold reindeer , cut from # 20 to # 10.
the sheriff who had former new england patriots player aaron hernandez in custody for more than 18 months said tuesday that he 's a master manipulator and will probably do fine in prison now that he has been sentenced to life for murder. ' scroll down for video. former new england patriots nfl football player aaron hernandez during his trial for murder -lrb- file photo -rrb-. staff members were directed to treat hernandez like any other inmate , hodgson said. hernandez was convicted april 15 of the 2013 killing of odin lloyd , who was dating the sister of hernandez 's fiancee.
saturday night live cast member cecily strong took aim at barack obama and washington 's elite when she hosted the correspondents ' dinner. scroll down for video. cecily strong , -lrb- center -rrb- the saturday night live cast member and host of the white house correspondents dinner , skewered hillary clinton , barack obama and republican hopefuls during her 20-minute speech. snl star cecily strong made some pretty funny jokes at the white house correspondents dinner as she pokes fun of washington and even the president. the funny lady 's memorable speech might have stolen the show , but it was her stunning gown that had the wow factor.
on a day of fireworks off the pitch as the row over end of season championship scheduling exploded , rangers fans let themselves down by setting off flares in the energy assets arena. as the smoke cleared on this 1-1 draw against bottom side livingston , though , stuart mccall was left ruing the explosive impact of myles hippolyte despite his ibrox side nudging one point clear of hibs in second place. the livvy attacker 's absolute cracker of a free-kick had sent the home side into the lead just two minutes after the break. rangers dropped two points at championship bottom side livingston in their bid for promotion.
the u.s. teenager facing 15 years in jail for the murder of her mother grinned nervously as she took her baby to court in bali again today - while maintaining her innocence. heather mack ,19 , smiled and laughed as she cradled her baby stella - born last month - in a holding cell at the denpasar district court as she announced : ' i should not be sent to prison because i 'm innocent. i did n't murder my mother. ' she was also filmed singing the rihanna hit umbrella as she nursed the infant outside of the courtroom. heather mack , pictured smiling behind bars , is accused of the murder of her socialite mother , sheila von wiese-mack.
the relationship between the fa and premier league -- never great at the best of times -- has deteriorated further with the ridiculous clash of fixtures on saturday. both organisations blame each other for their respective rights holders , sky and the bbc , scheduling the marquee chelsea vs manchester united league match against the fa cup semi-final between reading and arsenal. the cup game attracted a peak audience of 6.9 million , over treble the 2m rating for the pl game on sky. arsenal 's fa cup semi-final victory over reading on saturday clashed with a top premier league fixture.
andre schurrle admits he was relieved to end his goal drought by scoring his first goal for wolfsburg in the bundesliga on saturday. the former chelsea forward thanked wolfsburg supporters for their patience and admitted not scoring for the german side was ` eating away ' at him. the 24-year-old scored his first since joining from chelsea in february as they beat stuttgart 3-1. andre schurrle admits he was relieved to end his goal drought by scoring his first goal for wolfsburg. the former chelsea forward thanked wolfsburg supporters for their patience as he netted on saturday. ' wolfsburg are seven points clear of borussia monchengladbach after saturday 's win , and schurrle admits it was a difficult game to overcome.
this musically-minded dog would rather be playing piano sonatas. sadie the german shepherd was filmed at home in alberta , canada , switching on an electric organ with her nose and sitting down to play some tunes. footage shows her plonking her front paws down along the keyboard , as she sits with her back legs positioned on the piano stool. instead of classical music , sadie appears to recite a minimalist piece with clashing notes and no time signature. after a confident start , the pup takes a pause and looks towards the camera. signaling a brief moment of musical frustration , sadie puts one paw to her head before returning to tickle the ivories.
a new comprehensive study of 3.9 million military personnel who served after 9/11 has found no direct link between deployment to a war zone and elevated suicide rates. researchers at joint base lewis-mcchord in tacoma , washington , concluded that military suicides may be more likely after members leave the service than during active duty deployment , particularly if their time in uniform is brief. new study : researchers at joint base lewis-mcchord looked at military records of 3.9 million personnel who served after 9/11 and found no direct link between deployment to a war zone and elevated suicide rates. matter of honor : service members with a dishonorable discharge were about twice as likely to commit suicide as those who had an honorable separation.
a family of four are lucky to be alive after a bedroom ceiling collapsed in their home. the damage was just part of the destruction caused by cowboy builders who had been called in to fix a leak in the beckle-raymond 's three bedroom property in north london. scroll down for video. the box room caved in , the bathroom became bowed , the ceiling will fall in the children 's room. ` the most terrifying experience was the ceiling falling in the bedroom where we used to sleep. ' for six months , the family were forced to live in one room of the house as they could n't afford to get the problems fixed straight away , having already shelled out to the cowboy builders who left them in the lurch.
a 14-year-old girl has died and her mother has been left severely injured after they were thrown off a moving bus following a sexual assault in india. the men grabbed arshdeep and made several attempts to ` molest ' her and her mother , but instead of defending them , the bus staff joined in the sexual assault. scroll down for video. victims : arshdeep kaur , 14 , and her mother shinder , pictured in hospital , were travelling from their home in punjab , northern india , when passengers and bus staff sexually assaulted them. the incident took place on a near-empty bus near moga , some 50 miles from the pakistani border , in punjab province.
george osborne said he wanted to see half a million first time buyers get on the housing ladder every year. half a million first time buyers will be helped onto the housing ladder every year by 2020 , george osborne pledged today. the chancellor said he wanted a 1980s-style property ` revolution ' after years of declining home ownership. he pledged to double the number of people buying their first home using government help-to-by schemes. mr osborne said he wanted to reverse the ` steady ' decline in first-time buyers getting a home. he told sky news : ` i 'm a great believer in a home-owning nation ; a home-owning democracy where families can get on the housing ladder.
human traffickers are brazenly offering desperate libyan migrants passage across the mediterranean on facebook. a number of pages , written in arabic , have reportedly been found on the social media site targeting refugees fleeing war and poverty. migrants , who are trying to reach greece , are seen on a capsized sail boat , as the crisis escolates. desperate migrants pictured in the sea off the greek island rhodes after a wooden boat ran aground. the discovery comes after the deaths of some 1,700 refugees in the last week alone. eu leaders have now agreed a package of measures to tackle the escalating crisis in the mediterranean.
a majority of the public does not want camilla to become queen if prince charles succeeds to the throne , a poll for the daily mail reveals today. only 43 per cent believe he should ascend to the throne compared with an almost identical number saying he should stand aside in favour of his elder son prince william. william and prince harry are the most popular members of the royal family , closely followed by the queen and the duchess of cambridge. scroll down for video. a majority of the british public does not want to camilla -lrb- left -rrb- to become queen if the prince of wales -lrb- right -rrb- succeeds to the throne , a daily mail poll reveals.
with the rouble in trouble , russians are freezing at home , rather than sizzling in india 's flop-in-the-sun western state. blissful : agonda beach is one of the many relaxed stretches of shoreline along the edge of goa. on arrival , we head for ashvem beach , in the north , for three nights at yab yum resorts. ' even without the russians , the beach is a hive of activity. goa has 11 hours of sunshine a day at this time of year. the ball 's in your court : goa has a famously relaxed ambience , and is a real favourite with tourists.
there will have been eight madrid derbies by the end of this season , no city showdown has been played more in recent years. mailsport looks at the reasons why atletico madrid 's meeting with real madrid can also lay claim to be the greatest city derby in world football. carlo ancelotti must accommodate cristiano ronaldo , gareth bale and karim benzema and that leaves him little choice but to play a 4-3-3. cristiano ronaldo , gareth bale and karim benzema must all be accommodated , leaving little choice but 4-3-3. real madrid and atletico madrid are meeting for the fifth and sixth time in european competition that brings them level with inter and ac milan in number of city duels.
in the hunger games , katniss everdeen is pulled out of obscurity , swiftly develops expert bow-and-arrow skills and leads a government rebellion - all without having to deal with braces or a single spot. however , the rise of the young adult heroine has prompted a backlash on twitter , as more people compare the fictional portrayals with the mediocrity of their own lives. the hunger games book -lrb- left -rrb- , the main character , katniss everdeen -lrb- played by jennifer lawrence in the film - pictured right -rrb- deals with exciting scenarios but never from any teenage ailments such as acne or braces.
ufc women 's champion ronda rousey reinforced her support for manny pacquiao in his may 2 megafight with floyd mayweather as she paid a visit to the filipino 's los angeles training camp. rousey , the undefeated ufc bantamweight title holder , has made it clear she is in underdog pacquiao 's camp in the the lead up to the fight. thank you @mannypacquiao for welcoming us into your home , ' rousey posted on twitter. ronda rousey said she was ` truly honoured to meet such a humble and genuine person ' in manny pacquiao. pacquiao posted this image with rousey on his twitter page after a visit in los angeles.
vidarbha , india -lrb- cnn -rrb- yogita kanhaiya is expecting a baby soon. she already has a two-year-old son. he committed suicide early in the pregnancy. eight years back , yogita 's father-in-law , also a cotton farmer , took his own life. `` he was in so much debt , '' 25-year-old yogita said of her late husband. '' it 's a familiar story in families across western india 's cotton production belt , where , a cotton lobbyist group claims , one cotton farmer commits suicide every eight hours. `` we get reports of two to three farmer suicides every day , '' said kishor tiwari , leader of the farmers advocacy group , vidarbha jan andolan samiti -lrb- vjas -rrb-.
sasha , 14 , was spotted listening to earbuds as she , sister malia and their parents ditched the white house - and the press pool - for an impromptu trip to great falls park in virginia on sunday. the unscheduled trip came after the white house had sent reporters home for the day , sending the presidential press pool into a temporary tumult about where president barack obama and the first family had gone. scroll down for video. took a hike : the obamas abruptly left the white house for an unscheduled family nature hike on sunday. ` obama abruptly left the white house about 15 minutes ago on unscheduled trip.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- an amnesty international report is calling for authorities to address the number of attacks on women 's rights activists in afghanistan. the report , entitled `` their lives on the line , '' examines the persecution of activists and other champions of women 's rights not only by the taliban and tribal warlords , but also by government officials. the brutal murder of farkhunda , a young woman in afghanistan , whose body was burnt and callously chucked into a river in kabul , shocked the world. accused of burning pages from the muslim holy book , the quran , many protested the 27-year-old 's innocence.
self-styled ` anarchist libertarian ' squatters have set up camp in one of london 's most historic monuments and unfurled banners reading ` homes for all '. the protesters mounted admiralty arch , which joins trafalgar square with the mall , and called for others to join them. it is not clear what their protest is attempting to highlight , as a garbled message posted on facebook by the group simply calls for ` christmas lights ... any and all radical/revolutionary messages '. scroll down for video. self-styled ` anarchist libertarian ' squatters have set up camp in one of london 's most historic monuments and unfurled banners reading ` homes for all ' one of the banners read , ` respect existence or expect resistance ' and another , ` better to squat than let homes rot ' the protesters mounted the arch which joins trafalgar square with the mall , and called for others to join them.
paige vanzant and felice herrig had to be pulled apart as they squared off ahead of their strawweight clash in new jersey. vanzant , at only 21 and with just five fights behind her , has already ruffled feathers after being one of a select few to sign an individual contract with reebok. felice herrig and paige vanzant face off during the weigh-in. herrig and vanzant will face each other in the octagon on saturday night. vanzant steps on the scale during the ufc fight night weigh-in event at the prudential center. vanzant fights for the second time under the ufc banner when she takes on felice herrig.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- wanted : film director , must be eager to shoot footage of golden lassos and invisible jets. cnn confirms that michelle maclaren is leaving the upcoming `` wonder woman '' movie -lrb- the hollywood reporter first broke the story -rrb-. maclaren was announced as director of the movie in november. cnn obtained a statement from warner bros.. pictures that says , `` given creative differences , warner bros. and michelle maclaren have decided not to move forward with plans to develop and direct ` wonder woman ' together. '' -lrb- cnn and warner bros.. the movie , starring gal gadot in the title role of the amazon princess , is still set for release on june 23 , 2017.
a stunning bride rode to her wedding on the horse she saved from dying of starvation. sally white , 28 , rescued the terrified animal from a bleak hillside where he was abandoned without food and water. but sally 's love and care for the skinny and mistreated horse has turned it into a magnificent steed - and the pair have become inseparable. a stunning bride rode to her wedding on the horse she saved from dying of starvation. sally white , 28 , rescued the terrified animal from a bleak hillside where he was abandoned without food and water. ` it was touch and go whether he would survive when he was rescued by the rspca three years ago.
the bbc has axed richard hammond and james may from the top gear website after co-presenter jeremy clarkson was sacked from the show. the motoring programme 's website previously featured the broadcasting trio alongside the stig at the top of the page but now the racing driver appears solo in his white helmet. it comes just over a week after the 54-year-old host was sacked from the bbc for an ` unprovoked ' attack on a top gear producer. scroll down for video. before : the website used to feature an image of all three presenters - richard hammond -lrb- left -rrb- , jeremy clarkson -lrb- centre -rrb- and james may -lrb- right -rrb- as well as racing driver the stig -lrb- far right -rrb-.
she 's a best-selling singer , actress , beauty buff and one of the world 's most stylish stars. and now , rita ora - who is only 24 and has already made the transition from a kosovan-born fledgling singer to one of the globe 's most successful stars - has channeled her passion for fashion into a new adidas range. for her latest collaboration with adidas originals , rita has taken the brand 's classics and put her own bold spin on them. scroll down for video. rita ora has channeled her passion for fashion into a new adidas range , so femail caught up with the global star to find out her influences and plans for the future.
gopro director nick woodman is set to be named the highest-paid ceo of 2014 at the tender age of 39. the pioneering camera innovator clinched the title after being granted 4.5 million restricted stock units - valued at $ 284.5 million - at the end of the year. slumping to second place , chenerie energy 's houston-based chief executive charif souki was valued at $ 281 million. and now the firm has announced it is cutting his pay. in his prime : gopro creator nick woodman , 39 , is set to be named america 's highest-paid ceo of 2014. woodman 's product - a camera which can be fixed to helmets , the body , or a hand-held pole - made waves in when it debuted in 2006.
a polish prince has challenged nigel farage to a sword fight over his attacks on immigration. janek zylinski , the aristocratic son of polish war hero who fought the nazis in 1939 , posted the challenge online after declaring that he had ` had enough ' of the ukip leader. brandishing his sword , mr zylinski said : ` enough is enough , mr farage. ' janek zylinski , the aristocratic son of polish war hero who fought the nazis in 1939 , posted the challenge online after declaring he had ` had enough ' of the ukip leader. the polish prince , who lives in ealing , west london , begins his video by introducing a gold sculpture of his father , captain andrzej zylinski.
the smiley toddler - who has lived at the home of the innocents nursing facility in kentucky since she was three months old - was filmed as she perfectly lip-synced to miley cyrus ' wrecking ball. she also sways her head to the beat. scroll down for video. sing-a-long session : despite battling an array of health complications two-year-old nathaly hernandez wo n't let things get her down , as a heartwarming new video shows. getting into the groove : the smiley toddler - who has lived at the home of the innocents in kentucky since she was months old - was filmed as she performed a passionate lip-sync to miley cyrus ' wrecking ball.
early in the build-up to aston villa 's winning goal on sunday , steven gerrard challenged for successive headers in the centre circle and lost both. that does n't mean he was at fault for what happened in the subsequent 20 seconds but it was illustrative nevertheless of a long , sapping afternoon for liverpool and their fading captain. gerrard 's time at liverpool will now end in anti-climax. steven gerrard was denied the chance of a happy ending as aston villa beat liverpool at wembley. liverpool captain gerrard reacts as tom cleverley celebrates aston villa 's victory on sunday. gerrard looks on dejected as his liverpool career draws to an antic-climatic close at wembley.
on tuesday jessa duggar announced she 's pregnant with her first child with husband ben seewald , 19. ' scroll down for video. a baby on the way : jessa duggar announced she 's expecting her first child with ben seewald , 19. ` we 're expecting ! ' the 22-year-old 19 kids & counting star announced on tuesday. excited for the arrival : the tlc stars also shared this image that had written on a white onesie , ` coming soon , 11.01.2015 ' something in the water ! soon after the announcement was made , anna duggar -lrb- middle -rrb- shared an image of jessa -lrb- right -rrb- showing off her bump in a twitter photo.
michael vaughan will become the most powerful man in english cricket if he is confirmed as paul downton 's successor at the helm of the national team. it emerged on thursday that the former england captain has already held talks with new ecb chief executive tom harrison and is in pole position to become the new director of cricket ahead of andrew strauss and alec stewart. michael vaughan has emerged as the favourite for the newly created role of director of england cricket. vaughan was understood to be talking to the ecb about the role on thursday after emerging as the no1 choice.
the indiana pacers ' chris copeland and his wife were stabbed during an early-morning argument after they left a popular new york club on wednesday , according to reports. when copeland , who used to play for the new york knicks , told the man to back off , the suspect allegedly pulled out a knife and plunged it into the athlete 's abdomen and elbow. he then turned on saltare , stabbing her in the breast , buttocks and arm , sources told the post. scroll down for video. injured : chris copeland , a player for the indiana pacers , and his wife , katrine saltare , pictured , were both stabbed following an argument outside a new york city club early on wednesday.
phil taylor suffered his fourth loss of the premier league season with defeat to dave chisnall in a dramatic night of darts on thursday. taylor , the 16-time world champion , squandered a 4-2 lead to lose the next five legs and the match 7-4. the defeat for taylor sees the 54-year-old finish the opening set of round robin fixtures in fifth. phil taylor squandered a 4-2 lead to lose 7-4 against dave chisnall during their premier league darts clash. chisnall celebrates after his victory moved him up to second in the table after nine matches of the season. phil taylor 4-7 dave chisnall.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- tuesday , april 14 , is equal pay day. `` today in america , women earn on average 77 cents for every dollar men earn. as president , my top priority will be fixing inequality and ensuring that 100 % of the population is paid 100 % of what they 're worth. and so , i 'm announcing that if elected president , i will take a 23 % pay cut , equivalent to the current gender wage gap , to stand in solidarity with working women in america. and i wo n't take a raise until every woman in america gets a raise , too.
with its blend of portuguese and chinese culture , it did n't take us long to discover the unique appeal of macau. soon after arriving by high-speed turbojet ferry from hong kong , we were sitting in antonio , a beautifully tiled restaurant that could easily have been in lisbon. scroll down for video. macau has 26 casinos , including the largest in the world , the venetian. located at the mouth of the pearl river delta at the southern tip of china , macau comprises a peninsula and two islands -- taipa and coloane -- connected by three dramatic bridges.
burnley manager sean dyche has dismissed speculation linking him with derby. recent reports claimed dyche has been lined up as a possible successor to steve mcclaren , who is the bookmakers ' favourite to take over at newcastle. dyche says he remains committed to the task in hand at turf moor , though. burnley manager sean dyche , aka the ginger mourinho , insists he is enjoying life at turf moor. the clarets earned a point in a goalless draw with tottenham but remain fixed in the relegation zone. ' dyche has retained the support of the burnley fans throughout the season even though the club are now second from bottom with just seven matches to go.
a federal judge has ordered the internal revenue service to hand over a list of the 298 tea party organizations that it targeted with broad and often intrusive questions when they applied for nonprofit tax-exempt status. the decision from u.s. district judge susan dlott means right-wing groups are a step closer to being allowed to pursue a class-action lawsuit against the irs. the agency has admitted playing political favorites with the tax code beginning in 2010 , when it began applying extra scrutiny to groups with red-flag words like ` patriots ' or ` tea party ' in their names. federal tax-exempt status is confered on groups that serve a public purpose , including issue advocacy , and allows them to promise tax deductions to their donors.
human remains have been found in the search for a missing college freshman who vanished while home for spring break last month. anjelica ` aj ' hadsell , 18 , has been missing since march 2 , when she was on a break from longwood university in farmville , virginia and home in norfolk. the remains were found outside a residence in franklin on thursday morning , police said. the body has been sent to the chief medical examiner 's office to be identified and to determine the cause of death. the fbi is now involved in the investigation , police said.
children of the 1970s and 1980s will likely remember the chunky , plastic fisher-price magnets that adorned fridges in family homes. the popular toys were designed to help teach children to read and spell. but for some people , they had another unintended consequence ; the magnets forever changed the colours that people would associate with letters. at least that 's the conclusion of a study on synaesthesia - a neurological condition in which two or more senses experienced separately are involuntarily joined together. for instance , some synaesthetes experience colour when they hear sounds or read words. others experience tastes , smells or shapes.
ahead of this weekend 's premier league action , sportsmail will be providing you with all you need to know about every fixture , with team news , provisional squads , betting odds and opta stats. here is all the information you need for swansea 's home clash with everton ... swansea city vs everton -lrb- liberty stadium -rrb-. veteran full-back angel rangel is in line for his first swansea start for over two months at home to everton in the early barclays premier league kick-off on saturday afternoon. rangel has not started since the end of january following the arrival of kyle naughton but the former spurs defender has been ruled out for the rest of the season after damaging ankle ligaments against hull last weekend.
this is the photograph circulating on social media site snapchat that is believed to show a principal watching pornography in the office of his elite private school. the picture , taken by a person who claims to be a student at geelong college , south-west of melbourne , is believed to show disgraced principal andrew barr surfing for pornography while on-the-clock. mr barr resigned from his position at the geelong college after an investigation , which included a search of his computer , after the photograph appeared on snapchat. this is the photograph circulating on social media that is believed to show principal andrew barr watching pornography in his office at geelong college.
bayern munich coach pep guardiola weathered his first major crisis at the german club after his team crushed porto 7-4 on aggregate on tuesday to move into the champions league last four. the spaniard in his second season in charge was with his back to the wall after their surprise 3-1 first leg defeat in portugal last week. bayern munich celebrate in front of their delighted fans after overturning a first leg deficit to reach semi-finals. thiago alcantara jumps highest to head the home side in front on 14 minutes and set the bayern on their way. damned to succeed , guardiola repeatedly said he was aware of what he needed to deliver at the five-time european champions for who a league and german cup double was just not enough.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- warren weinstein , who appears to have been the only american citizen held hostage by al qaeda , was accidentally killed in a u.s. drone strike in january. a senior u.s. official familiar with the handling of the issue told cnn that the u.s. government made no serious effort to negotiate for the 73-year-old development expert 's release , either directly to al qaeda or through proxies in pakistan. another senior u.s. official told cnn that weinstein 's capture by al qaeda made it hard for the united states to negotiate , even though proxies such as the pakistani government have links to intermediaries who might have helped.
frank sinatra underwent a vasectomy so could not have fathered ronan farrow , according to his youngest daughter , tina sinatra. showbiz 411 's roger friedman said that the 66-year-old laughed when he asked her if mia farrow 's son ronan was her brother. he said that tina , who is the daughter of sinatra and his first wife nancy , told him : ` could n't be. frank had a vasectomy before that. ' scroll down for video. frank sinatra -lrb- left -rrb- underwent a vasectomy so could not have fathered ronan farrow , -lrb- right -rrb- according to his youngest daughter , tina sinatra.
danny willett gave a rules official , who had been in his line-of-sight , a verbal blast which was clearly audible to spectators surrounding the 17th green at the masters on thursday. englishman willett vented his anger after his second shot from beyond the green trickled all the way across the putting surface and left the preacher 's son facing a bogey or worse. danny willett waits to play a shot on the fifth during the first round at 2015 masters on thursday. the 27-year-old englishman carded a one-under 71 during his first ever round at augusta. willett was still visibly angry as he left the green after salvaging a bogey , though he had calmed down by time he spoke to reporters about 30 minutes later.
those surprised at yaya toure 's apparent desire to talk himself in to a transfer from manchester city this week should not be. the ivorian 's cv tells the story of a player who has always placed pragmatism above sentiment when it comes to his choice of clubs. toure , for example , left home as a teenager to play in the belgian second division. equally , though , toure 's rather clumsy statements of recent times should not be allowed to detract from his legacy at city and indeed in the barclays premier league. it looks likely yaya toure may leave manchester city this summer but his legacy should be a positive one.
panama city -lrb- cnn -rrb- this was the handshake that shook the western hemisphere. president obama briefly met his cuban counterpart , raul castro , on friday night at a dinner for the dozens of latin american leaders convening in panama city for the summit of the americas. the two nations have barely been on speaking terms -- officially -- for more than 50 years. the meeting was so important that bernadette meehan , national security council spokesperson , issued a statement : `` at the summit of the americas this evening , president obama and president castro greeted each other and shook hands.
suddenly , after close to 14 years of international football and just 33 caps , michael carrick is the answer for england. he was very impressive against italy in a friendly , true ; and he has been an important influence on manchester united 's revival. carrick has made nine competitive starts for england , and the majority have been ordinary at best. he played in the match against ecuador in the 2006 world cup , in which england were saved by a david beckham free-kick , and was then dropped and replaced by the more energetic owen hargreaves for the quarter-final with portugal.
harry panayiotou has scooped the barclays premier league player of the month award after impressing for an in-form leicester city side in march. the striker , 20 , scored three goals , including those in impressive victories against sunderland and reigning champions chelsea , and has been chosen ahead of all the players in division 1 and 2 based on his performance statistics. panayiotou also netted a hat-trick in his third game for st kitts and nevis on international duty , and is looking to make an impression under nigel pearson at the king power stadium. harry panayiotou has scooped the barclays premier league u21 player of the month award for march.
there 's the cost of the ticket , getting to the venue and the all important souvenirs. but it seems patrons at the masters can get themselves a decent meal for a reasonable price. you can get a taste of the south with a bar-b-que or classic chicken sandwich for $ 3 -- which is about # 2.05. the masters is one few sporting events which offers food at reasonable prices for its punters. lee westwood nearly got off to the perfect start with a stunning shot at the par-five second. after a perfect tee shot , he pinged a fairway wood 280 yards onto the green.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- as nepal grapples with an earthquake that has killed more than 3,400 people , ronen ziv worries about someone he has never met. he had tickets to travel to nepal for his child 's birth from a surrogate mother , but now he has no choice but to wait in his native israel for news. '' nepal is a popular place for israeli couples to have surrogate children. ziv 's first child , a 15-month-old daughter , was born to a surrogate mother in nepal. companies that help arrange surrogate pregnancies estimate 25 couples are now in kathmandu with newborn surrogate children , while 10 to 15 surrogate mothers are due to give birth in the coming weeks.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- thousands of syrian and palestinian refugees trapped in the yarmouk refugee camp have suffered what can only be described as untold indignities. i encountered two such individuals on my mission to damascus -- jihad and mohammad -- tiny , vulnerable infants who were taken from yarmouk in recent days , a place that was described last week by the u.n. secretary-general ban ki-moon as `` the deepest circle of hell. like the wider syrian conflict , yarmouk has a human face ; the faces of young mohammad and young jihad. i want to introduce you to them in the hope that you , too , will understand why i am firmly convinced that turning away is not an option -- and why the international community must act in a concerted manner to respond to the many tragedies in syria.
footage shows the skater confidently sailing down a concrete slope in santa monica , los angeles , before he loses balance and falls headfirst. finally he comes to a stop and as he lies on his side , he clutches his head in pain. gone ! footage shows the skater confidently sailing down a concrete slope in santa monica , los angeles , before he loses balance and falls headfirst. the filmer later wrote on the video-sharing site newsflare that the injury required a total of seven stitches. ` we were very happy that he only received minor injuries , being road rash and two deep cuts in his face , ' the cameraman added.
microsoft has a new pilot program to hire people with autism for full-time positions within the company. the announcement was made on the company 's blog by microsoft corporate vp of worldwide operations , mary ellen smith , who has a teenage son , shawn , with autism. the positions will be based at its redmond campus in washington and the program will be run in partnership with specialisterne , a danish nonprofit that helps train people with autism for careers in it. ' the announcement was made on the company 's blog by microsoft corporate vp of worldwide operations , mary ellen smith , who has a teenage son , shawn , with autism.
a 46-year-old man has been charged with aggravated assault , reckless endangerment and dui after driving 11 miles and through seven towns with another man on the hood of his car in pennsylvania. however the driver , dwayne harvard , maintains he is not the one who should have been arrested. harvard claims the man , steven sutton , 36 , of pittsburgh , confronted him in the driveway of his home in springdale , saying he was furious that harvard was giving sutton 's girlfriend , anna mazzetti , a ride home. ' man on board : dwayne harvard , 46 , had an argument with steven sutton , 36 , sunday night and struck sutton with his 2002 ford explorer , driving for 11 miles through pennsylvania before finally pulling over.
while many designers , some modelling agencies , and even vogue magazine have pledged in recent years not to work with models under the age of 16 , plus-size model ashley graham , 27 , says she 's been working since well before that cut-off age - and in her underwear , no less. one of the stars of lane bryant 's new i 'm no angel campaign , the size 16 bombshell recently revealed to yahoo style that she 's been stripping down to her skivvies since she was 14. ' scroll down for video. model role models : ashley graham says that growing up , she was told to look up to curvy icons like marilyn monroe and jennifer lopez.
a restaurant manager has been branded the ` stingiest boss in europe ' for charging a mum 36p to heat up her baby 's feeding bottle. but when she came to pay , she was stunned to find that 50 cents had been added onto the bill. outrage : a restaurant manager has been branded the ` stingiest boss in europe ' for charging a mum 36p to heat up her baby 's feeding bottle. ' i have never heard of a restaurant billing people for this service. ' her total bill last sunday lunchtime came to around # 20 , including an omlette , two cappuccinos and two caramel desserts.
the captain of a ship that sank off the coast of africa ` started applauding and cheering ' when his vessel was entirely submerged , according to anti-poaching activists who saved the man and his crew. crew aboard sea shepherd vessel bob barker , which had been pursuing the ruined vessel named thunder for 110 days in an effort to stop alleged poaching activities in antarctic waters , found themselves taking on the role of saviours when the boat 's distress signals were sounded. scroll down for video. thunder , one of six vessels known to illegally fish vulnerable toothfish in the southern ocean , sunk off the coast of africa on monday.
a respected philadelphia law professor who made national headlines after accidentally emailing her students a porn link has spoken out about how she 's reclaiming her dignity since the public scandal. lisa mcelroy , 50 , reportedly sent the explicit link to her drexel university students under the subject line ` great article on writing briefs ' on march 31. respected drexel university law professor lisa mcelroy , 50 , who made national headlines last month after accidentally emailing her students a porn link , has spoken out about reclaiming her dignity since the scandal. the legal writing professor , who earned a doctorate from harvard law school , writes that she was sure she had lost her ` dignity forever ' when news of the scandal first broke.
trailing birmingham city by two goals , bournemouth were down to fourth in the championship at one stage in the afternoon but a thrilling four-goal turnaround moved them back to the top. ' the south coast club had not conceded the first goal at dean court this campaign and have struggled to get anything from losing positions , but comebacks rarely come better than being two behind after 21 minutes. charlie daniels -lrb- right -rrb- fires home from the edge of the box to seal the win and make it 4-2 to bournemouth. yann kermorgant slots home a penalty to cap a remarkable comeback and make it 3-2 to bournemouth.
nearly half of parents have not taught their children how to dial 999 - and many youngsters think the emergency number is 911 , a study found. and , shockingly , an even greater number said their children would not know the difference between 999 and 911 , the emergency number in the us. scroll down for video. nearly half of parents have not taught their children how to dial 999 - and many youngsters think the emergency number is 911 , a study found. the survey of 757 parents was carried out by mumsnet , the uk 's largest internet community for parents.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- -lsb- breaking news update , posted at 5:22 p.m. et -rsb-. none of the girls rescued from raided boko haram camps in nigeria has been identified thus far as among the missing chibok girls , a high-ranking nigerian army official said. the official did not rule out that captives from other boko haram camps that were raided might be girls abducted in april 2014 from a school in chibok. the official said he would have the final word by day 's end on wednesday. nigerian troops rescued 200 girls and 93 women tuesday in the sambisa forest , the nigerian armed forces announced on its official twitter account.
millionaire real estate heir robert durst was indicted wednesday on the two weapons charges that have kept him in new orleans even though his lawyers say he wants to go to los angeles as soon as possible to face a murder charge there. a grand jury charged durst with possession of a firearm by a felon , and possession of both a firearm and an illegal drug : 5 ounces of marijuana , said assistant district attorney chris bowman , spokesman for the district attorney. millionaire real estate heir robert durst was indicted wednesday on the two weapons charges that have kept him in new orleans even though his lawyers say he wants to go to los angeles as soon as possible to face a murder charge there -lrb- file photo -rrb-.
anzac day is a time to come together as one to salute our diggers who sacrificed and fought in gallipoli , but it seems some have found another way to commemorate the special day. from pulling faces to complaining about waking up early for dawn service , tens of thousands of selfies from across the country have emerged on social media to mark the centenary anzac day. scroll down for video. one person wrote a meaningful caption about anzac day but uploaded a bared stomach -lrb- left -rrb- while a clothing store uploaded three women eating anzac cookies with hashtag #leastweforget.
ferguson , missouri -lrb- cnn -rrb- change has come to ferguson. after months of turmoil and upheaval , months of frustration and anger , the beleaguered city has a new governing board. buoyed by a higher-than-normal 30 % turnout , two african-american candidates won their wards tuesday night to make the six-member city council 50 % black. ferguson 's population of about 21,000 is 70 % black , but the city council was predominantly white , as is the police force. supporters of both candidates said that from the tragedy of a young black man 's death , a new day dawned in ferguson.
financially-troubled cska sofia 's latvian goalkeeper maksims uvarenko has not been paid for three months and has had to ask his parents to send him money to pay his rent. but despite the financial problems , uvarenko , who joined the bulgarian club on an 18-month contract in january , has been impressed by the ` unique ' fans and their passionate support. goalkeeper maksims ukarov has not been paid by cska sofia since joining the club in january. i was forced to accept some cash from my parents to pay the rent on our apartment in sofia. ' debt-ridden cska have already issued a desperate plea to fans to provide emergency financial backing to avoid expulsion from the bulgarian top division over debts.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- monday night , as unrest raged across baltimore 's streets , amanda rothschild lay awake in her remington home , a neighborhood in the northern part of the city , thinking about what the next day would be like. as a co-owner of charmington 's , a cafe in the intersection of three major baltimore neighborhoods , rothschild knew that the cafe and its workers needed to support the city after all the unrest. as protests erupt nationwide after the death of freddie gray , a black man who suffered a severe spinal cord injury while in police custody , some local businesses in baltimore are banding together to show their support for the city , while others are left to rebuild or repair after monday 's riot.
an eight-year-old girl showed off her hand speed and overall boxing prowess while completing a pad work drill with her father. evnika saadvakass , from kazakhstan , became a youtube sensation when she was five-years-old after she was filmed throwing around 100 punches in less than two minutes. the power on the punches is audible as she bounces around in a controlled manner before starting to shadow box. dodging and weaving punches that come back at her , the youngster maintains her controlled stance -- her legs planted to the ground -- and continues to let her hands go. the youngster maintains a controlled stance and continues to let her hands go while bobbing and weaving.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- lest we americans forget that -- in the wellsprings of our nation -- france bore the torch of liberty alongside us , our old ally has launched a reminder from across the atlantic 's waves. l'hermione , with three sail masts and bright royal blue and gold markings , is a painstaking replica of an 18th century french frigate that fought with the united states ' founding fathers in the war of independence. in 1780 , the original hermione was assigned to a french nobleman , who fought as a general in george washington 's army against the british.
from a man obsessed with looking like kim kardashian to a woman who had cement injected into her face , reality tv 's favorite doctors are back to taking on some of the world 's most shocking plastic surgeries gone wrong. ` you ca n't call any surgeon and say , `` have you ever seen this ? '' because no one has ever seen this. ' scroll down for video. dynamic duo : dr paul nassif -lrb- l -rrb- and dr terry dubrow -lrb- r -rrb- are back to taking on plastic surgery gone wrong on the second season of the e! reality show botched , which premieres tonight.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- five young men were arrested saturday in melbourne , australia , in what police called a major counterterrorism operation. three of the teens , all of them either 18 or 19 , have since been released `` pending further enquiries , '' australia 's federal police said , but two remain in custody. sevdet besim , 18 , has been charged with conspiring to commit a terrorist act , and was denied bail saturday. `` some evidence that we have collected at a couple of the scenes and some other information we have leads us to believe that this particular matter was isis-inspired , '' said neil gaughan , acting deputy commissioner of the australian federal police.
a nine-year-old girl who plummeted 30ft headfirst down the inside of a hollow tree claims she ` went to heaven and sat in jesus 's lap ' while unconscious after the fall. her mother , christy wilson beam , 42 , has spoken of her amazement after annabel , now 12 , escaped the horrifying accident unscathed - even waking miraculously cured of a devastating illness that had plagued her childhood. scroll down for video. annabel beam , now 12 , believes she visited heaven when unconscious after falling 30ft at the age of nine. annabel -lrb- centre -rrb- , with her mother christy and father kevin and her sisters abigail -lrb- right -rrb- and adelynn -lrb- left -rrb-.
the secret drawings and letters belonged to the co-pilot of enola gay bomber which dropped the bomb and reveal captain robert lewis 's immense guilt following the mission. ' scroll down for video. historic : a previously unseen hand-drawn flightplan of the mission to drop an atom bomb on hiroshima is now for sale. bomber : the remarkable documents which include the flightplan , an eyewitness account of the bombing and log books were compiled by the co-pilot of the enola gay bomber which carried out the mission. destruction : an estimated 150,000 people died when the us bombed hiroshima , obliterating as much as 70 per cent of the city -lrb- pictured in 1945 -rrb-.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- the underwater search area for missing malaysia airlines flight 370 looks set to double in size. teams are scouring the depths of a remote part of the southern indian ocean for the remains of the passenger jet that disappeared more than a year ago with 239 people on board. so far , they 've covered about 60 % of the priority search zone without reporting any trace of the airliner. families of passengers and crew members still have no answers about what happened to their loved ones. `` ministers remain committed to bring closure and some peace to the families and loved ones of those on board malaysia airlines flight mh370 , '' the three countries said in a joint statement.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- nine of ten mostly foreign prisoners on death row in indonesia have been given 72 hours notice ahead of their execution , according to a spokesperson for the attorney general 's office. it may be longer. in other words , there will be no execution less than 72 hours after notification , '' tony spontana told cnn by phone sunday. though indonesian officials said all 10 would be executed at the same time , spontana said french national serge atlaoui had filed a challenge to the state administrative court on thursday so his sentence has been delayed. meanwhile , edre olalia , a lawyer acting for philippines maid mary jane veloso , told cnn sunday that veloso had telephoned her sister on saturday at about 5:30 p.m. local time and said her execution will take place on tuesday , april 28.
which one is on top -- the left one or the right ? if you are a man , the odds are it will be the left ; if you are a woman , it is more likely to be the right. in women the two fingers are typically the same length. scroll down for video. strangely enough , your hands give clues to what is sometimes called ` brain sex ' -- the way your brain reflects your gender. of course , we all have different skills and interests , but some are considered more typically male , and occur more commonly in men , while others are described as more typically female , and occur more commonly in women.
some 26 hours , 51 minutes and 51 seconds later , hawker surprised herself , and everyone else , by becoming the first woman to cross the dark , wet , alpine finish line that year , coming 24th overall. lizzy hawker entered the 2005 ultra-trail du mont-blanc -lrb- pictured -rrb- on a whim and she 's since gone on to become britain 's most distinctive female ` ultra runner ' she would go on to become britain 's most distinctive female ` ultra runner ' , coming first in the utmb five times , taking gold in the women 's 100km world championships in korea in 2006 , setting a new women 's world record for 24 hours on the road in the 2011 commonwealth championships and a new course record at the sunbaked 246 km spartathlon in 2012.
he is planning to run a kickstarter campaign and is hoping to raise $ 30 billion -lrb- # 20 billion -rrb- to build a pipeline from seattle to bring water to the state. but the proposal to build a pipeline hundreds of miles long has been declared ` highly illogical ' by some experts. scroll down for video. former captain of the fictional star trek enterprise , william shatner -lrb- pictured -rrb- has revealed radical proposals in an interview with yahoo news. mr shatner likened his project to a similar pipeline in alaska - with , in this case , the pipeline running from seattle to california down the i-5 highway.
a queensland man was shocked when he discovered his delivery from five kilometres away had been on 2000km journey. the man , who only gave his name as chris ordered some computer equipment be delivered from griffith university at nathan in brisbane 's south to a parcel locker at sunnybank - located less than five kilometres apart. chris said australia post had not been in touch to apologise for the delay. the package was sent almost 2000kms away to chullora in new south wales , after it was picked up in nathan , queensland. the package was picked up from the sender in nathan , queensland , on monday , april 20 at 12:26 pm.
bearing in mind he 's a dog , don the border collie did a pretty good job yesterday of piloting a tractor across a motorway. to be fair , however , this probably was n't the first thought to strike rush-hour drivers as they watched him crash through a fence and come hurtling towards them. don 's owner tom hamilton -lrb- pictured -rrb- was tending to a lamb when the sheepdog took control by nudging the controls. don was unhurt in the ordeal but the incident caused major tailbacks. traffic scotland tweeted a bizarre warning that there may be hold-ups ` due to a dog taking control of tractor ' , adding : ` nope , not joking.
mogadishu , somalia -lrb- cnn -rrb- a car bomb exploded at a restaurant near the presidential palace in the heart of somalia 's capital tuesday , killing at least 10 people , including a woman and a boy , police said. somalia-based islamist militant group al-shabaab claimed responsibility for the attack. group spokesman sheikh abdiaziz musab , speaking to pro-al-shabaab outlet andalus radio , said the blast targeted and killed several somali intelligence agents. somali police spokesman qasim mohamed roble told reporters that the car bomb killed no government official or soldier. the area is not a new target for al-shabaab , which has battled somalia 's government for years with the goal of establishing a fundamentalist islamic state.
ap mccoy stood with the trainer , jonjo o'neill , in the parade ring. the 40-year-old received a guard of honour before receiving the champion jockey trophy. earlier in the afternoon , he had ridden mr mole into third place in the bet365 ap mccoy celebration chase. the last race of mccoy 's career , the bet365 handicap hurdle , was won by richard johnson , 15 times a runner-up to mccoy in the jockeys ' championship. mccoy and box office trotted back in front of the stands packed with 18,000 cheering fans. one man and his horse. the champion jockey was joined by his wife channelle , daughter eve and son archie on his last day of racing.
a food supplier for supermarket giant tesco has sacked a farm worker who was caught on camera urinating in a field of vegetables. a disgusted member of the public snapped the man on his mobile phone after spotting him using the field as a makeshift toilet. the worker , who can be seen in a high-vis jacket , casually stood in the middle of the crops urinating on the plants - despite a toilet being only 18 metres away. caught on camera : the farm worker seen urinating in a field of vegetables in benington , lincolnshire. th clements & son , which owns the field in benington , lincolnshire , was alerted and sacked the worker with immediate effect.
these women had expression lines , wrinkles around their eyes and on their forehead when speaking , but chins and jaw lines that were as tight as a girl just sitting her gcse 's. scroll down for video. forget botox or chemical peels the latest celebrity beauty craze is having a tight jawline like emma stone. dr barbara kubicka says she has clients coming in each and every day asking for botox not on their foreheads but designed to firm their jaw line. dr barbara kubicka sees a host of celebrities at her knightsbridge clinic and says that ` while the whole world expects it 's wrinkles that age you , it 's actually your face shape that 's making you look older.
with space for 12 lucky guests on board , the concept yacht from british yacht designer tony castro is the ultimate toy for the extremely wealthy and has been dubbed the ` range rover of the seas '. for those who do n't fancy taking a dip in the sea , there is an infinity pool on deck which is two decks deep. for those who would rather board unseen , there is a helipad and helicopter storage as well as space for a submarine. the company explains : ` with a large carrying capacity for toys and tenders , she is capable of carrying a helicopter in a climate controlled garage , twin limo tenders , car , submarine , jetskis , paddleboards and a variety of inflatables water toys.
it is the current prime minister 's kitchen that has got everyone talking more than any of the other political leaders ' -- perhaps because he is a known ` toff ' , and britain , despite protests from the left and now the right , really still are obsessed with class. the kitchen. you will probably own a few of these , in different sizes , to cater for varying numbers of drinkers. william says that there are several items that you are required to own for your home to be ` posh ' mary berry 's books are all right so long as they are the pre-bake off ones and you are able to talk at length about her terribly helpful cooking instructions for agas alongside each recipe.
an ex-girlfriend has avoided jail despite trying to strangle her former partner with an ipod cable. ann malsbury , 22 , of coventry , west midlands , also battered lee judson , 21 , with a saucepan and hair straighteners after she flew into a rage. the chef 's ex-boyfriend had gone round to her home in the city to collect his belongings after the pair broke up following an 18-month relationship , warwick crown court was told. after he struggled free malsbury then armed herself with a large carving knife and stabbed at him several times with the blade. malsbury was arrested at the property in coventry last november and charged with attempting to inflict grievous bodily harm with intent to cause serious injury.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- another controversy has erupted from the press tour for the soon-to-be-blockbuster marvel 's `` avengers : age of ultron. '' after robert downey jr. walked out on an interview , his co-stars chris evans and jeremy renner found themselves in hot water wednesday over comments they made in a similar junket interview. when asked by digital spy about the character black widow 's flirtations with the other superheroes , renner responded `` she 's a slut , '' and evans , laughing , added that she is a `` complete whore. by thursday , both actors apologized. '' evans also released a statement : `` yesterday we were asked about the rumors that black widow wanted to be in a relationship with both hawkeye and captain america.
in february of this year , bride-to-be adele mckenzie found the dress she had dreamed of wearing when she married her partner of nine years , david elliot. the 31-year-old said when she slipped into the white lacy gown , she instantly saw herself standing in front of her friends and family and exchanging marriage vows with the love of her life. ` i had dreamt about this princess dress since i was a little girl , ' she told daily mail australia. adele mckenzie was set to marry the love of her life , david elliot , when she was devastated to learn the bridal company she had paid around $ 1,000 to for her dress had closed down.
the new youtube kids mobile app targets young children with unfair and deceptive advertising and should be investigated , a group of consumer advocates told the federal trade commission in a letter tuesday. google introduced the app in february as a ` safer ' place for kids to explore videos because it was restricted to ` family-focused content. scroll down for video. the home screen comprises eight tiles showing different videos as well as four icons -lrb- pictured -rrb- : a tv set for popular tv shows such as yo gabba gabba , a light bulb for educational programmes , a radio for pop songs and a light bulb for popular videos.
andrew hennells , pictured , posted a message on facebook admitting his plans to rob a tesco supermarket 15 minutes before holding up staff. a man who boasted about plans for an armed robbery on facebook minutes before he threatened staff in tesco has been jailed for four years. andrew hennells posted details of his plan to the social networking site - stating he was ` doing. a quarter of an hour later , norfolk police were alerted by a member of the public to a man brandishing a knife demanding cash from staff working at the supermarket giant 's king 's lynn branch.
ss sergeant oskar groening - known as ` the bookkeeper of auschwitz ' - is set to go on trial charged with complicity in the killing of 300,000 jews at the nazi extermination camp. an ss sergeant known as ` the bookkeeper of auschwitz ' is set to go on trial charged with complicity in the killing of 300,000 jews at the nazi extermination camp. auschwitz survivors and the relatives of those murdered there filed into court today for the trial of 93-year-old oskar groening - who may well have met their loved ones shortly before they were gassed. between may 16 and july 11 , 1944 he was on duty when 450,000 hungarian jews were transported there , with 300,000 being gassed just after arrival.
it 's the must-have wedding snap for newlyweds -- the happy couple celebrating with their closest family and friends after they tie the knot. but not everyone was smiling after sir paul mccartney married heather mills. scroll down for video. the pair -- daughters of sir paul 's first wife linda , who died of cancer four years previously -- were said to have been less than overjoyed by their father 's choice of partner. the remarkable picture is a portent of the bitterness that would follow the wedding in 2002 -- as sir paul and ms mills separated in 2006 and went through a bitter and messy divorce in 2008.
a man has died after he was crushed by a garbage truck doing the early morning rounds in melbourne 's west. police say the man , a garbage truck driver , was collecting bins in footscray early on saturday morning when the truck rolled forward , pinning him between the vehicle and a pole. workcover are investigating the incident , police said. police say the man , a garbage truck driver , was collecting bins in footscray early on saturday morning when the truck rolled forward and pinned him against a pole. meanwhile another man has died and two others are fighting for their life in hospital after a car apparently packed with six passengers , crashed in melbourne 's east.
an 11-year-old chinese schoolboy has become mute after he drank a glass of water which had been laced with perfume and chalk dust as part of a prank. pupil xiao gao , from fujian province in south eastern china , has not said a word in five days after a classmate who had allegedly bullied him gave him the water , reports people 's daily online. pupil xiao gao , aged 11 , -lrb- pictured -rrb- from fujian in south east china , has not spoken a word in five days after a classmate he ` does not get on with ' gave him the water which had been laced with perfume and chalk dust.
terrorists are undergoing training in rural areas of west wales , it has emerged. locations in ceredigion , powys and pembrokeshire are also being used to radicalise muslims , according to an officer from the wales extremism and counter terrorism unit. training : locations in ceredigion , powys and pembrokeshire in west wales , illustrated above , are being used to radicalise muslims , according to an officer from the wales extremism and counter terrorism unit. incidents of islamic extremist activity in wales can be traced back to 1998 , when it is claimed hate preacher abu hamza sent a group of 10 extremists to train in the brecon beacons , in powys.
a victorian driver got a rude shock when a massive huntsman crawled out from inside his door handle. the spine-tinging video , which was captured in wangaratta , northeast victoria , begins with the man approaching his black holden ute and spraying the door with an insect repellent. the driver sprays his car with insect repellent , forcing a huntsman spider to reveal itself from under the door handle. ` it 's a bloody super-spider ! ' having endured enough of the spray , the spider drops onto road and retreats underneath the vehicle. the spider drops onto road and retreats underneath the vehicle , much to the drivers relief.
david cameron urged an audience to support west ham during a speech yesterday - despite the fact he 's always claimed to be an aston villa fan. the prime minister subsequently admitted he 'd suffered a ` brain fade ' during the election campaign address in croydon , where he was outlining his vision for black and ethnic minority communities. david cameron looks a bit sheepish after accidentally urging the audience to support west ham - though he did n't correct himself until asked about the gaffe afterwards. last week the conservative leader tweeted his delight at villa reaching the fa cup final by beating liverpool.
runaway leaders in sky bet league one , they became the first team in the football league to mathematically secure promotion on tuesday night - and in sensational style. aden flint celebrates with a bottle of sky bet champagne following bristol city 's promotion. city players are sprayed with champagne after securing promotion from league one. add to that their memorable johnstone 's paint trophy victory at wembley last month - when walsall were comfortably beaten 2-0 in the final - and you have a truly historic campaign for steve cotterill 's team. the season has been a personal triumph for tall , tattooed defender aden flint , who has played a central role in returning city to the championship after two seasons away.
thirteen years since their fateful first meeting , after all their legal appeals and pleas for clemency have been rejected , the ringleaders of the infamous bali nine , who were caught trying to smuggle more than eight kilograms of heroin out of indonesia , are now dead. scroll down for video. andrew chan , pictured aged 21 , and myuran sukumaran , 24 , pictured during their first trial in october of 2005 , were both attracted to drug smuggling by the promised riches , after being disillusioned by their jobs. thirteen years since their fateful first meeting , after all their legal appeals and pleas for clemency have been rejected , the ringleaders of the infamous bali nine and their tragic tale will shortly come to an end.
intel has shown of a terrifying glimpse of the future - a swarm of robot spiders that can be controlled with a flick of the wrist. at the chip giant 's developers forum in china , intel ceo brian krzanich revealed the demonstration to show off the firm 's button sized computed and controller wristband. scroll down for video. intel ceo brian krzanich controlling the four spiderbots with a smart wristband. the robots were powered by curie , a computer the size of a button developed by intel. to wake the robots , he lifted his hand. ` the intel curie module is a tiny hardware product based on the intel quark se system chip , which is the company 's first purpose-built system on a chip for wearable devices , ' the firm said.
almost 6,000 migrants were rescued in the mediterranean over the weekend , as traffickers took advantage of clement weather and calmer seas to dispatch dozens of boats. between friday and sunday 5,629 migrants were picked up in the sicilian channel. italy is the first port of call for migrants seeking new lives in europe. nine bodies were recovered after a boat carrying more than 150 people capsized off the coast of libya , the italian coast guard said. 144 were rescued. scroll down for video. almost 6,000 migrants were rescued in the mediterranean over the weekend , as traffickers took advantage of calmer seas.
a mother whose son suffers an incredibly rare disease , which makes his skin appear scalded , was shocked after a stranger reported her to police for child abuse. his skin appears red and inflamed , and is often covered in dry skin that appears like scales on his body. valerie jackson , pictured left with her son rj when he was three months old , was accused of scalding her son after a member of the public mistook his rare skin disease for the signs of abuse. rj , pictured recently right , suffers netherton 's syndrome , an incredibly rare illness which causes his skin to appear red and scaly.
the world endurance championship , whose annual highlight is the le mans 24 hours sportscar classic , is getting rid of the grid girls. ` from silverstone next week , you will see that for any race we will do - no grid girls like in the past , ' wec chief executive gerard neveu said after a presentation on thursday for the opening silverstone six-hour race. the world endurance championship have announced that there will be no more ` grid girls ' before races. the decision by the fia is seen as a progressive one by those in a male-dominated sport.
' if you think claire mccoy has got her maths wrong - twenty five years ? -- think again. there may seem a perfect symmetry in the way mccoy has decided to end his peerless career this weekend when he crowned champion after two decades at the top of his sport. exactly 25 years ago , the 15-year-old ap left his home in moneyglass , county antrim , to head to the respected but strict regime of an apprentice jockey 's life at the stable of jim bolger in county kilkenny. claire says seeing ` anthony ' leave left her ` heartbroken '.
hull city are keen on signing leeds united midfielder alex mowatt. the 20-year-old has impressed this season scoring nine goals and has drawn admiring glances from several premier league clubs. hull manager steve bruce is keen to snap up any promising british talent as he looks to rebuild for the summer. leeds united midfielder alex mowatt -lrb- right -rrb- celebrates scoring a goal against wolves on monday. the 20-year-old has impressed in the championship this season and has attracted several top-flight suitors. the england u20 international gave leeds brief hope of an unlikely point by scoring their third goal and turned in a decent performance.
the son of gerry anderson , the brains behind the original thunderbirds , has criticised the computer-generated remake for lacking the ` magic ' of the classic show. jamie anderson said the cgi characters did not have the same charm as the ` lovingly detailed ' miniature puppets. thunderbirds will return to our screens tonight 50 years after the futuristic puppet show launched and landed all over the world. however , the jerky puppets that rescued the world from all kinds of disaster have been replaced by cgi images to create an entirely new look. remake : in the updated version , the ` lovingly detailed ' puppets are replaced by computer-generated images.
nicola adams has no intention of following her former great britain team-mate natasha jonas into retirement as she focuses on becoming a double olympic gold medallist in rio next year. having overcome another lengthy injury lay-off , adams is preparing to return to an english ring for the first time since her london 2012 triumph at the national championships in liverpool next week. british boxer nicola adams is hoping to become a double olympic gold medallist in rio. adams -lrb- right , pictured during her london 2012 final win over cancan ren -rrb- is hoping to retain her crown. ' adams will face a rare challenge to her domestic dominance in liverpool with her 51kg category also including lisa whiteside , who won world silver in adams ' absence earlier this year.
two trainee obstetricians have been removed from a newly developed $ 2 million hospital in western australia reportedly over concerns about the quality of service and problems with patient safety at the obstetric unit. the concerns around fiona stanley hospital , in southwest perth , were revealed to thewest australian by unnamed sources. the latest potential developments at the hospital follow recent reports that blood and bone fragments were found on supposedly sanitised medical instruments. the $ 2 billion fiona stanley hospital in southwest perth was found to have blood and bone fragments of some its medical instruments. the west australian was told junior doctors were moved to ` maximise training opportunities ' by a state committee that organises both accreditation and training for the royal australian and new zealand college of obstetricians and gynaecologists.
he looks barely teenage. but this child has amassed thousands of twitter followers with his pictorial updates of ` gang life '. the baby-faced boy from memphis , tennessee , poses with guns , cash , and bags of what looks like marijuana. scroll down for video. baby-faced : this little boy has amassed more than 3,000 followers on twitter with pictures like these. in others , he is pictured blowing smoke , with the caption : ` high life '. the child 's tweets have prompted backlash from other twitter users and members of the community. guns : the little boy , who appears to be barely teenage , regularly poses for his followers with guns.
a man stuck by a serious bowel infection has been cured after undergoing a faecal transplant , with stools donated by his daughter. len barnes shed three stone as he battled the life-threatening condition clostridium difficile , suffering bouts of diarrhoea. despite numerous courses of antibiotics during long spells in hospital , the 75-year-old was showing no signs of improvement. len barnes , 57 , from stockton , has been cured of the severe bowel infection clostridium difficile after undergoing a faecal transplant. ` but my doctor explained that mixing healthy poo with my poo - and transferring it back into my bowel mixed with warm water - would give someone 's healthy bacteria the chance to fight with my bad bacteria.
an aspiring model who set a honey trap to lure a professional gambler to his ` pitiless and wicked ' death in a bid to steal his winnings has been jailed for 16 years. leonie granger , 25 , targeted playboy mehmet hassan , 56 , after spotting him flashing a roll of # 50 notes at a casino in london 's west end. scroll down for video. aspiring model leonie granger -lrb- left -rrb- has been jailed for 16 years at the old bailey after being found guilty of manslaughter over the death of professional gambler mehmet hassan -lrb- right -rrb- who she lured at a casino.
if you 've always dreamed of seeing penguins in antarctica or tracking the siberian tiger in russia - but gorilla trekking in rwanda and spotting grizzlies in alaska also feature on your to do list , this could be the safari for you. the grand adventure promises to deliver up and close and personal moments with some of the world 's most elusive and enchanting wildlife. scroll down for video. the adventure promises to deliver up and close and personal moments with some of the world 's most elusive and enchanting wildlife. to mark its 10th anniversary , natural world safaris has launched a new series of ` ultimate safari ' adventures.
a new york man who won three marathons in eight days last month said that his winnings will go toward the medical bills of his infant son , who has spina bifida , a developmental congenital disorder. bryan morseman , 29 , from bath , new york , started his streak at the montgomery marathon in alabama on march 14. a week later he placed first at the yeungling shamrock marathon in virginia beach. leeim was born with spina bifida , a developmental congenital disorder that starts in the womb when a baby 's spine does n't form properly. in total , the full-time precious metal clerk earned $ 5,750 in winnings from the races , all of which will go toward medical treatment for his nine-month-old son leeim , who has spina bifida.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- buzz has surrounded hbo 's new documentary `` going clear : scientology and the prison of belief , '' but scientologist john travolta is not a fan. the actor , one of the church of scientology 's most high-profile members along with stars like tom cruise and kirstie alley , is premiering his new film , `` the forger , '' in clearwater , florida. the hbo documentary is based on the book `` going clear : scientology , hollywood , and the prison of belief '' by lawrence wright and is critical of the organization , which has close ties to the showbiz industry.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- several of the world 's worst terrorist groups , like isis and al-shabaab , aim to create societies governed by strict , distorted versions of sharia law. that means anyone who does n't subscribe to such extremist views are enemies and in danger -- christians included. of course , christians are n't the only ones who have suffered at the hands of such organizations. for example , most victims of isis are fellow muslims who refuse to go along with the isis worldview and ruthless tactics. the latest came friday , when an italian prosecutor revealed that a network of pakistanis associated with al qaeda talked about attacking the vatican back in march 2010.
a holocaust survivor who last week forgave a 93-year-old former ss officer - known as the ` bookkeeper of death ' - has angered her fellow plaintiffs by saying he should not be prosecuted. eva mozes kor , 81 , who publicly embraced oskar groening in court last week in an extraordinary act of forgiveness , called for the prosecutions of former ss officers to end. by doing so , she faced criticism from her co-plaintiffs in the case who suggested she should not have taken part in the trial in germany. scroll down for video. survivor : eva kor spoke of how josef mengele stood over her bed and laughed when she was injected with a ` deadly germ ' regret : groening -lrb- pictured -rrb- described in chilling detail wednesday how cattle cars full of jews were brought to the auschwitz death camp , the people stripped of their belongings and then led directly into gas chambers.
almost a third of people aged 16-to-34 have deleted their accounts because they no longer see it as ` cool '. the trend comes as increasing numbers of older users turn to the social network to stay in touch and share family pictures. nearly 60 per cent of britons aged over 55 now have a facebook account , according to research. facebook has even started running television adverts to entice the so-called ` silver surfers ' to join. now a survey of around 2,000 britons has revealed that it is having the opposite effect on youngsters. ` as parents are signing up , their children are logging off to maintain privacy , ' said lord jim knight , chairman of online lobby group the tinder foundation.
a gel made from patients ' own blood could help heal burns more quickly - and stop wounds getting worse. the gel contains platelet-rich plasma -lrb- prp -rrb- - a concentrated mix of substances in the blood that play a role in healing. blood is largely made up of a clear yellowish liquid , called plasma , but it also contains small , solid compounds - red cells , white cells and platelets. the platelets are important for clotting , but they also contain hundreds of proteins called growth factors that are important for healing. u.s. researchers are testing the new gel it as a dressing for burns.
showcasing a pair of toned arms and a pretty decolletage , the strapless dress is a red carpet staple for fine-boned actresses such as jennifer aniston and gwyneth paltrow. but can a woman with 34g curves like mine ever look fab in a strapless dress ? secret support. i would never have believed that a strapless dress might make me look smaller than i am. this one manages the impossible. the narrow skirt clings to my hips and legs , making me look taller and slimmer , and the bustline is quite high , hiding the cleavage which gives a nice demure look.
a mexican. archaeologist hunting for a royal tomb in a tunnel. beneath a towering pre-aztec pyramid has made a discovery that. may have brought him a step closer : liquid mercury. was once the largest in the americas , earlier this month sergio gomez found ` large quantities ' of the silvery metal in a chamber at. the end of a sacred tunnel sealed for nearly 1,800 years. scroll down for video. hope : mexican archaeologist sergio gomez has been excavating a pre-aztec pyramid in teotihuacan , mexico , for six years and came across ` large quantities ' of liquid mercury earlier this month.
winning the league championship used to be the ultimate achievement for any manager and make him bombproof for many years to come. incredibly , the last four mangers to have won the premier league have all left their jobs by the following year -- three sacked and one retired. and on the latest evidence , it will be no surprise if manuel pellegrini becomes number five this summer. a dejected manuel pellegrini following manchester city 's 2-1 defeat to crystal palace on monday night. pellegrini guided city to their second premier league title in three seasons back in may. but pellegrini 's city side were humbled at selhurst park on monday to kill off any remaining title hopes.
kicking , punching and moving around during sleep might be an early sign of parkinson 's disease , a new review suggests. researchers have discovered about half of people with rbd will develop parkinson 's disease or another neurological disorder within a decade of being diagnosed , livescience reports. people with rapid eye movement sleep behaviour disorder -lrb- rbd -rrb- move around in their sleep and ` act out ' their dreams. up to 90 per cent of people with the condition will develop a neurological condition , a study found. ultimately , 81 to 90 per cent of patients with rbg with develop a neurodegenerative disorder , they found.
sales of manny pacquiao boxing gear and effects have soared as much as 10 times ahead of his may 2 megafight with floyd mayweather , with philippine retailers struggling to cope with demand from fans snapping up any paraphernalia they could find. online and front-end retailers are seeing record sales of pacquiao t-shirts , boxing gloves , figurines , caps and jackets , with buyers stocking up on items they believe could at least double in value if he wins what is the highest grossing bout in history. so while the fight is still days away , they are already buying these items , ' said 50-year-old carolyn yap-tan , who has been selling pacquiao items online for four years.
crown princess mary of denmark cut a stylish figure as she attended a remembrance ceremony in denmark on thursday. the tasmanian-born royal looked appropriately sombre in a chic black ensemble paired with grey accessories to mark the 75th anniversary of the occupation of aabenraa. the crown princess stepped out solo for her royal duties , following a week of family celebrations honouring the 75th birthday of queen margarethe ii. scroll down for video. striking : crown princess mary of denmark cut a stylish figure as she attended a remembrance ceremony in denmark on thursday. mary was met by representatives of the danish military in aabenraa , where she placed a wreath at a memorial and attended a service.
a one-year-old boy who was shot and killed by another toddler who picked up and fired a loaded gun has been pictured. braylon robinson was playing at a house in cleveland , ohio , on sunday when another three-year-old boy found the unattended weapon and pulled the trigger. the bullet struck the baby boy in the face. minutes later , he was rushed to an area hospital , where he was later pronounced dead. scroll down for video. horrifying : braylon robinson was killed while playing at a house in cleveland , ohio. tragic : a three-year-old boy has shot dead a one-year-old baby after picking up a gun that had been left unattended in a cleveland , ohio , home , police said on sunday night.
caykur rizespor midfielder ludovic obraniak was taken to hospital with a suspected heart problem after being substituted during his side 's match against fenerbahce on saturday. caykur rizespor revealed on social media that obraniak was not in any immediate danger following preliminary tests. ludovic obraniak -lrb- left -rrb- is currently on loan at caykur rizespor from german side werder bremen. moussa sow celebrates after scoring for fenerbahce during their 5-1 win on saturday. there were fears that the 30-year-old , who is on loan from bundesliga club werder bremen had suffered a heart attack but he appears to have given the all-clear.
a 37-year-old man was in custody tuesday following the deaths of his wife and their two children at their home in suburban detroit , police said. the bodies of a 37-year-old woman , a 2-year-old girl and an 8-year-old boy were discovered by police monday night , eastpointe police lt. neil childs said , and investigators were trying to determine the circumstances surrounding the deaths. ' the victims have been identified as christie fradeneck , her daughter celeste fradeneck and her son timothy fradeneck , wxyz reported. scroll down for video. slayings : the victims have been identified as christie fradeneck , her daughter celeste fradeneck and her son timothy fradeneck.
real estate in london 's swankier suburbs can catch a buyers ' eye. mayfair , kensington and chelsea have long been the stomping ground of the elite -- and are now welcoming a new wave of african investors. `` the africans who are coming into london now are africans who themselves have worked for their money , '' explains bimpe nkontchou , a british-nigerian wealth manager based in london. '' these investors are having a considerable impact on london 's property market and they mainly come from just six countries : nigeria , ghana , congo , gabon , cameroon and senegal.
the outbreak of honesty among politicians came when the bbc 's daily politics show presenter andrew neil , asked if it would be a ` acceptable for an education secretary to send their children to a private school '. tristram hunt , labour 's shadow education secretary answered first and said : ` yes. he also confirmed labour could fire the thousands of ` unqualified ' teachers across the state sector. all three of the main parties ' education spokesmen - pictured on the bbc 's daily politics show today - revealed they would have no problem with the next education secretary sending their children to private school.
john carver will turn to siem de jong in a bid to save newcastle 's sorry season. de jong has started just one premier league game since arriving from ajax and he was only days away from a return to action following a five-month layoff with a torn thigh muscle when he was diagnosed with the collapsed lung. newcastle attacking midfielder siem de jong could return to action before the end of the current campaign. de jong , pictured in training on april 9 with his team-mates , will feature for newcastle 's reserve side. however , the 26-year-old returned to training earlier this month and will now feature for united 's reserves when they entertain derby county at st james ' park on wednesday night , as will england under 19 winger rolando aarons.
ronny deila lauded his players for stretching their lead at the top of the premiership with victory at st mirren -- then hit out at the state of pitches in scotland. a james forrest strike and stefan johansen 's penalty were enough to see off a spirited challenge by the bottom side as celtic moved eight points clear of aberdeen. and he believes scottish football will struggle to develop top players if there is n't a drastic improvement in our pitches. celtic manager ronny deila was impressed with his side 's performance against st mirren on friday night. the pitch was better than some others we 've played on.
a woman is set to marry after falling in love with the driver who crashed into her car while she was parked waiting for her husband to return. ranette afonso , 42 , will marry marko conte , 30 , this october after they fell head over wheels in love and moved in together within two months of the fateful bump. ranette afonso , 42 -lrb- right -rrb- , is set to marry marko conte , 30 -lrb- left -rrb- , in october after they met thanks to a car accident in august 2013. ranette -lrb- pictured left -rrb- was married at the time of the accident , but her and marko -lrb- pictured right -rrb- began dating shortly after her marriage ended.
then there is the inevitable speculation over the future of under-fire manager manuel pellegrini. but the biggest challenge for manchester city this summer could be keeping hold of something they already have. manchester city striker sergio aguero looks on dejected during the defeat by united at old trafford. the afternoon started so well for aguero and city when he opened the scoring after just eight minutes. aguero celebrates his 99th goal for manchester city with david silva as de gea looks dejected. it may have gone largely unnoticed in the carnage at old trafford but there was an important landmark for the brilliant sergio aguero that deserves to be recognised.
a mum who says she felt like a ` rabbit in headlights ' after having her first child has designed an app to guide mothers through pregnancy and early motherhood , which even tells breastfeeding mothers which boob to use next. chloe owens , 27 , from swanley , kent , came up with the idea for bump 2 breast when she was pregnant with daughter lola , now three months old. chloe owens , 27 , from swanley -lrb- left , with lola and right with lola and husband david -rrb- came up with the idea for bump 2 breast when she was pregnant.
the book sex by numbers : what statistics can tell us about sexual behaviour was released this week and it 's a must-read for anyone fascinated by who really does what , where , when and how in bed. the author , david spielgalhalter , a cambridge university professor , sets out to investigate various sexual statistical claims and separate myth from reality. scroll down for video. scientists who reviewed 20 different studies of penis size , including 15,521 measurements of penises from around the world found some surprising results. since no other part of the human body is more shrouded in myth and folklore than men 's most precious part , it seemed the penis was the most deserving subject to study.
eight san francisco police officers accused of sending racist and homophobic text messages have been suspended , and the police chief is recommending that the veteran employees be sacked. chief greg suhr announced in a statement friday that he has asked a police oversight committee to approve firing the officers. ' authorities say that the offensive texts targeting blacks , mexicans , filipinos and gay men , which make repeated use of racist and homophobic slurs , were sent between 2011 and 2012. san francisco police chief greg suhr -lrb- pictured -rrb- said that eight officers had been suspended and that he had recommended they be fired.
the calabrese regularly patrols the mediterranean off lampedusa , which is italy 's southernmost territory and just 70 miles , or just over 110 kilometers , from the tunisian coast. in recent years , it has been the first point of entry to europe for tens of thousands of migrants from africa and the middle east. a few years ago , the calabrese was on the look out for `` contrabandisti , '' smugglers trafficking in cigarettes and drugs. but in recent years , its 12-man crew has joined italy 's effort to rescue migrants coming from africa and the middle east.
an airport worker has been awarded $ 40 million in compensation for a freak runway accident which left him paralyzed from the waist down more than seven years ago. brandon afoa , 33 , of puyallup , washington , was operating a tug to push aircraft at seattle-tacoma international airport when the brakes and steering failed , causing him to crash into a luggage lift. much of his intestinal tract also had to be removed by surgeons. afoa went on to sue port of seattle - which owns and operates the sea-tac airport - in king county superior court , saying that the company failed to maintain a safe workplace.
a dallas architect has taken 14 shipping containers and transformed them into a stunningly modern 3,700-square-foot three-bedroom home. the home , dubbed ` pv14 ' , also boasts a 1,400 sq ft roof deck that can fit up to 150 people , a 40ft long swimming pool on the ground floor and a 360 degree view of white rock lake and the sparkling lights of the city 's downtown. dallas architects matt mooney and michael gooden have transformed 14 shipping containers into a stunningly modern home. the 3,700 sq ft three-bedroom home , dubbed ` pv14 , ' boasts a 40ft long swimming pool on the ground floor that reflects the two-story glass-paneled tower , also built out of the containers.
they see less of leigh griffiths on the streets of leith now than they used to. he no longer plays for hibernian for a start. reinventing himself as celtic 's top scorer , the front-page headlines are also less evident. leigh griffiths celebrates scoring his third goal of the afternoon against dundee united on sunday. hat-trick hero griffiths takes the ball home following his heroics against dundee at tannadice park. the 24-year-old -lrb- left -rrb- embraces his manager ronny deila after sunday 's convincing win. ` leigh used to put himself around in the leith area , ' says tam currie , his former coach at boys club leith athletic.
steven gerrard hoped his liverpool career would end at wembley but now the curtain will fall in stoke. the dream was for gerrard to end his 25-year association with liverpool by lifting the fa cup on his 35th birthday before starting his new adventure with la galaxy yet now the prospect is nothing like so glamorous. losing to aston villa in sunday 's semi-final will take time to get over. ` we did n't play , we looked very nervous , ' said gerrard on talksport. ' liverpool captain steven gerrard looks to the sky in frustration during liverpool 's fa cup defeat by aston villa.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- the mass killings of armenians in the ottoman empire , which began 100 years ago friday , is said by some scholars and others to have been the first genocide of the 20th century , even though the word `` genocide '' did not exist at the time. the issue of whether to call the killings a genocide is emotional , both for armenians , who are descended from those killed , and for turks , the heirs to the ottomans. some turks still view the armenians as having been a threat to the ottoman empire in a time of war , and say many people of various ethnicities -- including turks -- were killed in the chaos of war.
so when the incas needed to travel across the andes , they did so on handwoven rope bridges , stretched over gorges and rivers. five hundred years later , just one of the inca rope bridges remains : the keshwa chaca , which spans the apurimac river near huinchiri , peru , in the province of canas. dangerous work : local villagers work on renewing the keshwa chaca - the last inca rope bridge - in the andes near huinchiri , peru. incredible skill : the 90ft long keshwa chaca remains thanks to local villagers who rebuild the bridge each year using the same techniques as their inca ancestors.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- gwyneth paltrow , the actress turned lifestyle guru , is known for promoting detoxes and health cleanses on her site , goop.com. in a tweet friday , paltrow showcased an array of leafy greens , dried beans and rice , purchased for the amount a person living on food stamps is allotted each week , she explained. the amount of supplemental nutrition assistance program benefits a person can get is based on the u.s. department of agriculture 's thrifty food plan. the plan estimates how much it costs to buy food , according to the united states department of agriculture.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- sky watchers in western north america are in for a treat : a nearly five-minute total lunar eclipse this morning. it started at 3:16 a.m. pacific daylight time , when the moon began moving into earth 's shadow. for the next hour and 45 minutes , that shadow will move across the moon and engulf it at 4:58 a.m. pacific time. the total eclipse will only last four minutes and 43 seconds , and nasa says that makes it the shortest one of the century. watch it live on nasa tv. while people west of the mississippi river will have the best view , at least a partial eclipse will be visible across the nation.
a british isis fighter has complained about fellow jihadis fleeing the frontline then boasting of their bravery on twitter while posing with their weapons. omar hussain , 27 , from high wycombe , regularly makes videos and posts on social media about life in the so-called islamic state under the name abu sa'eed al-britani. in his latest video the former morrisons security guard , who used to live at home with his mother and has not managed to get himself a jihadi bride , accuses a fellow ` brother ' of running away from the frontline in syria ` when it was only him and me defending the post '.
-lrb- affleck revealed cole 's name wednesday night. affleck 's attempt to alter the content of the program only publicly became known a few days ago after wikileaks released hacked emails revealing an exchange between gates and sony pictures chief michael lynton. affleck explained , `` i did n't want any television show about my family to include a guy who owned slaves. '' and three other celebrities profiled on the series last season were shown to have been related to slave owners. so it 's unlikely that it was simply happenstance that it left out any reference to affleck 's familial slave ownership connection.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- chile 's calbuco volcano erupted twice in 24 hours , the country 's national geology and mining service said early thursday. the agency said it was evaluating the spectacular nighttime eruption , but indicated it was `` stronger than the first one. authorities issued a red alert for the towns of puerto montt and puerto varas in southern chile. a 12-mile -lrb- 20 kilometer -rrb- exclusion zone was established around the crater. military and police forces were assisting with the evacuations of more than 4,400 residents , the interior ministry said. the first eruption on wednesday set off a bit of a panic in the region.
andy murray clearly has a vision for how his wedding day will play out when he marries his long-term girlfriend kim sears in his hometown of dunblane on saturday. the world no 3 posted on twitter a hilarious series of ` emojis ' to his 2.98 million followers , displaying his various plans for the day. andy murray is delighted after some snooker with friends ross hutchins -lrb- left -rrb- and jamie delgado -lrb- centre -rrb-. the world no 3 posted this humorous tweet in 'em ojis ' on the morning of his wedding day in dunblane. murray 's friend and fellow tennis player jamie delgado also tweeted how the scot has been preparing for the big day with a caption on a twitter selfie : ` pre wedding snooker ended in another victory for guess who ? @andy_murray @roscohutchins @johnnydelgado.
over the past couple of weeks it has n't just been zayn malik 's departure from one direction that has been making the headlines , it 's been his personal life too. for zayn 's relationship with little mix singer perrie edwards as come under scrutiny as the 22-year-old was once again accused of cheating on his fiance. at the weekend swedish model martina olsson claimed that she had slept with zayn while he was holidaying in thailand recently. scroll down for video. the 24-year-old told the sun on sunday 's james beale : ` perrie should not stay with zayn any longer because he has cheated on her and continues to lie about it.
sushi is a love-hate thing as a new video demonstrates. casey levi filmed the moment he tried to get his son sam to eat a california roll with a $ 10 prize up for grabs. sam says at one point just looking at the sushi fills him with ` disgust '. - he stipulated that there must be no ` gagging or making any faces ' food fail : footage shows the youngster stepping up to the challenge but backing down after a minute 's hesitation and running off ` to be sick ' after sam 's ruled out of the game , his younger sister charlie confidently steps up to the mark.
joining a growing list of museums , music festivals and sports venues around the world , the iconic louisville track hosting the 141st running of the kentucky derby on may 2 has banned the pole-like contraptions that grasp cellphones and allow people a longer reach to snap their self-portraits. churchill downs , which hosts the annual kentucky derby on may 1st and 2nd , has banned the use of selfie sticks by attendees. above , a woman poses for a normal selfie at last year 's race. selfie sticks ' increasing popularity has left cultural institutions and sporting events with decisions about balancing patrons desire to photograph themselves with safety concerns -lrb- file photo , jan. 2015 -rrb-.
needless to say , we were disappointed to see julio cesar chavez jnr lose at the weekend against andrzej fonfara. it was n't a result we were expecting and it also blows away the chance of froch and chavez fighting in las vegas -- a fight carl wanted. now we turn to three big fights in the next two months to see what carl does next. i have held talks with gennady golovkin 's manager and there is also the possibility of bernard hopkins , but there are three fights coming up where the winner could work for carl. carl froch -lrb- left -rrb- has not fought since beating george groves at wembley last may.
three former england rugby internationals on a charity expedition to the north pole continued with their trip despite the landing gear of their plane collapsing on their way out. poor visibility at the makeshift 800m strip beside the russian operated camp barneo first caused an aborted landing. three former england rugby internationals - lewis moody , josh lewsey and danny grewcock - continued with their trip to the north pole despite the landing gear of their plane collapsing on their way out. the experienced pilots were then forced to break harder than usual when a crack appeared on an ice floe near the runway.
a man who was locked up and tortured in a chinese cotton mill for 18 years has finally been rescued. xie shisheng , who was just 16 years old when was imprisoned by the mill owner , was found in a small dark room by authorities earlier this week. rescued : xie shisheng , who was just 16 years old when was imprisoned by the mill owner , was found by police in small dark room by police. government authorities in the city of qingyuan in the north west guangdong province were tipped off about an illegal cotton mill. when they arrived at the mill in qing cheng district on wednesday , they found large quantities of fake cotton goods and another more unexpected discovery.
most people , when scooping a massive win on the pools or national lottery , might follow the advice of a grey-suited financial adviser and buy a good-sized house , a reasonably flash car , take a couple of nice holidays and then live off the income from what 's left. when viv , a cake-factory worker from castleford in yorkshire , and her coal miner husband keith won # 152,319 , 18 shillings and 8d on the littlewoods pools in 1961 -- the equivalent of around # 3 million today -- she announced that her life from now on would emphatically be neither sensible nor boring.
one baby girl has found the ultimate snuggle buddy : boo the husky dog. troy slezak from huntington beach , california , filmed his seven-month-old daughter stella playing with the giant pooch on the living room floor at home. best of friends : troy slezak from huntington beach , california , filmed his seven-month-old daughter stella playing with the giant pooch on the living room floor at home. but the friendly dog does n't bite and calmly gives the tot a loving lick back. she even gives stella a lick on the lips before the two lay down side-by-side. caution : at one point stella places one hand by boo 's mouth - but the friendly dog does n't bite and calmly gives the tot a loving lick back.
this week , artist plastic jesus put up seven ` no kardashian parking anytime ' signs around hollywood , including in front of the kim , khloe and kourtney kardashian-owned clothing store dash and other hot spots such as the ivy restaurant and cecconi 's on melrose. london-born street artist plastic jesus erected several ` no kardashian parking anytime ' signs around los angeles this week - including one right outside the kardashian sister 's clothing store dash. the kardashian family pictured above attending easter celebrations at a church in calabasas , california on april 5. ' ' i guarantee that same number of paparazzi was far greater than any number of photographers chasing real news.
a widow who was left # 15million by a high-rolling gambler has launched a multi-million pound lawsuit against his family -- claiming she is owed up to # 385million more. the former beauty queen has launched a high court claim against his relatives , in which she claims the property tycoon must have given away vast chunks of his fortune in secret deals to his family. scroll down for video. lawsuit : jack dellal left his whole estate to wife ruanne , but she is suing after discovering that it amounts to just # 1.7 million. daughters : mrs dellal is suing six of her husband 's children , including gabrielle , left , and jasmine , right.
'' for centuries , these plays and three dozen more by william shakespeare have formed history 's most heralded literary canon. new research indicates that `` double falsehood , '' a play first published in 1728 by lewis theobald , was actually written more than a century earlier by shakespeare himself with help from his friend john fletcher. the findings were published this week by two scholars who used computer software to analyze the writings of the three men and compare it with the language of the `` newer '' play. the study , co-authored by boyd and ut colleague james w. pennebaker , was published in the journal psychological science.
lausanne , switzerland -lrb- cnn -rrb- the bad news ? the deadline to agree on what will be the parameters for an endgame pact on iran 's nuclear program has come and gone with no deal. the whole point of what 's happening in lausanne , switzerland , is to get everyone on the same page about what kinds of things will be discussed as part of a potential conclusive agreement. for those hoping that will eventually happen , it 's good that iranian foreign minister javad zarif , u.s. secretary of state john kerry and senior european union diplomat helga schmid held talks early thursday morning in lausanne.
she 's a household name , having hosted several tv shows , edited the australian women 's weekly , and launched her own wellness website ` balance by deborah hutton ' ... and now deborah hutton has added another accolade to add to her merit - she 's releasing a cook book of favourite recipes that she has compiled over the years. scroll down for recipes. cooking credit : media personality deborah hutton has added ` cookbook author ' to her accolades. despite having a health and wellbeing website , hutton has chosen not to buy into the ` diet/health cookbook ' trend and is bringing back wholesome cooking and real food recipes that make her happy - salt and carbs inclusive.
the seven-year-old daughter of a lesbian couple has made a video to help explain to other children who have two mothers how they were created. how life begins : seven-year-old sophia , the daughter of two moms , made a video to help others understand how her moms had a baby. ` say you have mom , and she was in love with this other mom , and then they married , and then they 're going to have a baby. but they need a boy ! ' her mother gently guides her as she explains the facts about how ` they call this guy at this place called a sperm donor '.
a 60-year-old woman has been arrested for allegedly running an unlicensed dental clinic. carmem dierks was running the dodgy practice in west orange county , florida , according to authorities. she is facing charges of practicing unlicensed dentistry and operating an unregistered dental lab , according to the orlando sentinel. during a raid on her practice , authorities discovered hundreds of patient files , two dentist chairs , an x-ray machine and dental molds. she was arrested on tuesday by sheriff 's deputies and posted bond from orange county jail on wednesday. officers also found two patients in the middle of treatment.
bruce jenner revealed he is a republican and a christian during the much-anticipated interview in which he revealed he is transitioning to be a woman. interviewer diane sawyer looked shocked when he made the revelation on her abc 20/20 special last night. sawyer had mentioned president 's decision to identify trans citizens in his most recent state of the union address. ' scroll down for video. republican : bruce jenner told diane sawyer he is a republican as he announced his transition to a woman on friday night. jenner added that neither the republicans nor democrats had a ` monopoly on understanding ' and said he would lobby the gop over lgbt rights.
a women 's rights group has slammed a popular eatery for their latest advertising campaign which they claim objectifies women 's bodies to sell beer. the same campaign also features an image of two women in a similar state of dress with the caption ` make mein a dubbel ' , sparking outrage from collective shout , who claim the advertisements reinforces sexual objectification. scroll down for video. campaign group collective shout has slammed sydney restaurant lowenbrau keller for an advertising campaign they claim sexually objectifies women. the lowenbrau keller campaign is being used on both social media and public transport platforms.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- pushed to his limits , a college professor took the extreme measure of threatening to fail his entire class. in an email to his students , irwin horwitz accused them of `` backstabbing , game playing , cheating , lying , fighting. those hopes were dashed when one report by local media mushroomed into a tornado of nationwide coverage. the story went viral. `` i will stand by what i did , but i 'm not career suicidal. '' texas a&m says horwitz remains an employee and that no one has asked him to stop teaching. but horwitz , a nontenure-track professor in the maritime administration program , is afraid the notoriety will cost him this job and future jobs.
a local council has been criticised for banning an indian food stall from a st george 's day event because it ` only wanted english food '. british-born stall-holder tania rahman , 27 , was asked by salisbury city council if she wanted to run a stand at the celebration later this month. ` discriminatory ' : tania rahman received a letter from salisbury city council telling her it would not accept her offer to run a food stall at a st george 's day event because it ` only wanted english food ' the council has now apologised after their response sparked a backlash from locals - who pointed out that chicken tikka masala is a british-made dish.
ahead of a weekend featuring drama from the barclays premier league and fa cup semi-finals , sportsmail brings you the latest squad news , odds and stats on every fixture as it breaks. simply click on your team in the fixture list below to find out who is ruled out and who is making a return as well as all the key statistics surrounding your club 's fixture. premier league. crystal palace vs west bromwich albion -lrb- 3pm -rrb-. everton vs burnley -lrb- 3pm -rrb-. leicester city vs swansea city -lrb- 3pm -rrb-. stoke city vs southampton -lrb- 3pm -rrb-. chelsea vs manchester united -lrb- 5.30 pm -rrb-.
starbucks announced late friday night that a computer outage that affected registers at 8,000 stores in the us and canada , prompting baristas to give away free drinks , has now been resolved. the global coffeehouse chain said in an update on its site that stores are expected to open for ` business as usual ' saturday. the company said earlier the outage affected 7,000 stores in the us and 1,000 in canada. it did not explain exactly what caused the outage , which began in the early evening on the east coast and in the late afternoon on the west coast.
it is a saddening site of great human and cultural loss following nepal 's devastating earthquake that has killed at least 4,000 people. but dozens of people have been clambering around the debris of the famed dharahara tower in kathmandu to take selfies in front of the wreckage. scroll down for video. ` this is not right ' : a man takes a selfie at the historic dharahara tower that was damaged in saturday 's earthquake in kathmandu , nepal. criticism : one rescuer in nepal said those who were taking photographs of themselves and friends were not ` understanding the tragedy ' but one rescuer in the nepalese capital said those who were taking photographs of themselves and friends were not ` understanding the tragedy '.
on may 23 , 2010 , bride-to-be rachelle friedman was pushed into a pool. breaking her neck , she was instantly paralyzed from the neck down. but ever since i fell in love with chris i wanted to have babies with him. ' fast-forward half a decade , that question has been answered. rachelle and chris chapman will welcome their baby girl into the world on april 18 , thanks to an old friend who asked them to let her be their surrogate. scroll down for video. moving : rachelle friedman chapman and her husband chris -lrb- together in the background -rrb- are days from becoming parents as their surrogate and college friend laurel humes -lrb- foreground -rrb- reaches her due date.
england ace joe hart labelled fellow goalkeeper gianluigi buffon a ` legend of the game ' after seeing the italian veteran claim his 147th cap. hart , who passed an impressive milestone of his own by representing his country for the 50th time on tuesday night , said after the 1-1 draw with italy that buffon was an inspiration. england and manchester city goalkeeper joe hart has lavished praise on fellow goalkeeper gianluigi buffon. hart has labelled buffon , who won his 147th cap against england on tuesday night , a ` legend of the game ' ` i 've got a lot more learning to do and i want to do it in this team.
in the original scene , one of the best-loved bits from the 1986 john hughes film , cryer dances around a record store , lip-syncing the song as he tries to win the affection of molly ringwald 's andie. in tuesday 's recreation , he dances in tandem with host james corden , who tweeted that he 'd `` fulfilled a childhood dream '' by re-creating the scene with cryer -- who turned 50 on thursday. like cryer , who has most recently appeared on `` two and a half men , '' many of the film 's original fans are well into middle age.
usually parents get to work teaching children their abcs. american youtube user kentuckyfriedidiot filmed himself teaching his newborn daughter how to suck a plastic water bottle. footage shows him gnawing on the side of a drinks container before stopping and prompting his child to follow. the infant then obediently performs the same stunt with a water bottle of her own. repeat after me : american youtube user kentuckyfriedidiot filmed himself teaching his newborn daughter how to suck a plastic water bottle. home tutoring : footage shows him gnawing on the side of a drinks container before stopping and prompting his child to follow.
brighton and hove albion are giving the club 's young players training in the law and ethics surrounding sexual consent. the championship side are the first club to provide training and counselling to its youth players , reports the bbc. brighton and hove albion are giving young players training in the law and ethics surrounding sexual consent. four current and former brighton players were cleared of sexual assault charges in 2013. the four players were found not guilty of sexually assaulting a 19-year-old women at a brighton hotel in 2013. the championship club , who play at the amex stadium -lrb- pictured -rrb- , are the first to provide such training .
the amount of time people spend listening to bbc radio has dropped to its lowest level ever , the corporation 's boss has admitted. the average listener spent just ten hours a week tuning in to bbc radio in the last three months of 2014 , according to official figures. the length of time people spend listening to bbc radio has dropped to its lowest level ever , figures show. this was 14 per cent down on a decade earlier , when listeners clocked up an average of 11.6 hours a week. the minutes of the bbc trust 's february meeting , published yesterday , revealed that director general tony hall highlighted the fall.
the curtain fell on mercedes-benz fashion week australia 2015 on thursday night in a spectacular finale show by johanna johnson. johnson 's trademark gowns featured heavily in the collection , which was created in under one month , interrupted by separates of leather and cashmere. scroll down for video. grand finale : mercedes-benz fashion week australia 2015 ended in sydney on thursday night with a spectacular show by johanna johnson. ` it 's also a call to all independent strong women , everyone who is trying to juggle careers , motherhood and even just modern life. ' stand-out pieces were a structured gown embellished with hand-beaded mirrors.
kim jong-un learned to drive when he was just three years old and won a yacht race at the tender age of nine. the bizarre claims are being taught to pupils across north korea as a way of indoctrinating future generations into glorifying their dictator in much the same way that his father , the late kim jong il , and his grandfather , kim il sung , were blindly heralded in days gone by. like a duck to water ... apparently : a new north korean school textbook claims that dictator kim jong-un -lrb- pictured , above , on a boat with military chiefs -rrb- learned to drive aged three and won a yacht race aged nine.
the lapd for searching for the person who tagged a police horse with graffiti this week - but the answer may be in the so-called ` art '. the horse , charly , was patrolling venice beach with his minders on tuesday when the vandalism incident occurred. vandalized : charly was patrolling venice beach with with his minders tuesday when the cruel tagger managed to write ` rbs ' and an arrow on the horse 's flank with silver spray paint. ' however , tags are cryptic signatures , and authorities are hoping they will be able to track down the person responsible using the tag , which was ` rbs '.
there 's no doubt that mesut ozil is an easy target for ex-pros and pundits. against liverpool , ozil was at his brilliant best in a massive game. you do n't become a real madrid hero or win the world cup without being something special. ozil is just that. mesut ozil wheels away to celebrate after his brilliant first half free-kick against liverpool. ozil is congratulated by his team-mates during arsenal 's impressive 4-1 victory on saturday afternoon. 7 - ozil has been involved in seven goals in his last eight league games , scoring three and setting up four. 241.9 - the german sets up a goal every 241.9 minutes in the pl , the seventh-best tally in the competition 's history.
he played so well for clermont auvergne last weekend -- again -- that england 's policy against picking players based abroad is back in focus. lancaster , his assistants and his employers are being stalked by calls for armitage to be called into the national squad , as befitting his supreme exploits for toulon. former bath full back nick abendanon was outstanding for clermont as they tore saracens to shreds. toulon flanker steffon armitage has been one of the standout forwards in europe in recent seasons. harlequins director of rugby conor o'shea believes the ` exceptional ' clause could cause major problems.
josiah duggar , 18 , has revealed that he has entered into a courtship with 17-year-old marjorie jackson , who he met while the pair were taking spanish lessons together. scroll down the video. future wedding bells ? josiah duggar , pictured , is the latest 19 kids and counting star to announce that he has entered a courtship. the teens ' courtship officially began on april 6 - the same day his 23-year-old older sister jill gave birth to her son israel david , her first child with her 26-year-old husband derick dillard. per the duggar family 's rules of courtship , hand-holding is forbidden until they are engaged and they must also save their first kiss for their wedding day.
australian josh kerr took home the prize for the most impressive crash when he put too much weight on the front of his board and flipped head first into the break , emerging bruised and beaten. the 31-year-old was attempting to surf the notorious ` box ' - a right hand barrel at margaret river 's main break on wednesday. scroll down for video. the most impressive wipe-out went to australian surfer josh kerr when he plunged head first into the reef. kerr was surfing the notorious ` box ' at margaret river which is renowned for shallow surf break. safety officials looked on in anticipation as the world champion surfer plunged into the break.
while conservative supporters love a good trashy plane read , it seems liberal democrats prefer to opt for the window seat for flights , while ukip supporters are the most likely to want to save money on holiday. the unusual statistics were revealed as part of a travelzoo survey into voters and their holiday habits , revealing the greens love a long-haul trip and labour are the most likely to try out their dance moves on holiday. conservative party supporters are more likely to take on some light reading such as fifty shades of grey rather than some more refined reading -lrb- file photo -rrb-.
a new mother who ` died ' for 11 minutes during her son 's birth woke up four days later with no memory of ever being pregnant or having her baby. hilary wilson , from whitchurch , shropshire , was technically dead for a terrifying 11 minutes after suffering a severe cardiac arrest as her son , felix , was being born. the 41-year-old woke up four days later , with absolutely no idea that she had been pregnant , or that she had given birth to felix just days earlier. hilary wilson had a cardiac arrest during a caesarean section and ` died ' for 11 minutes.
tousled hair. five o'clock shadow across a lantern jaw. the current crop of male leads smouldering all over our television screens are rocking a ` pretty but gritty ' look that makes colin firth 's erstwhile mr darcy look positively hygienic. battle of the breeches ! actor kit harington -lrb- left -rrb- , clad in leather , plays jon snow in the hit hbo fantasy series game of thrones. aidan turner is leading the way as captain ross poldark in the bbc 's much talked-about sunday night offering. ongoing hbo success , game of thrones has caused a similar loin-stirring frenzy among those watching with characters such as jon snow and jaime lannister perfecting the tender but rugged look.
an adorable fox cub trapped in a garden fence was set free by a wildlife expert named simon cowell. the rescue mission was captured on camera and features mr cowell , who runs the wildlife aid foundation in leatherhead , surrey , travelling to the cub 's location in his car. the young fox cub had been stuck for around 40 minutes and was in desperate need of being set free. upon arrival , mr cowell gloves up and immediately begins tending to the fox. the cub is clearly distressed however and spits at the wildlife expert 's incoming hand before making a lunge at it with its mouth open.
the mail on sunday has set a remarkable new record -- after being voted sunday newspaper of the year for a third year in succession. a hat-trick in the prestigious london press club awards is unprecedented for a quality , family newspaper. judges gave the award to the mail on sunday ahead of fellow nominees the sunday times and independent on sunday , saying such a rare feat was ` fully deserved by a paper where journalistic excellence across the board has led to commercial as well as journalistic success '. the mail on sunday was voted sunday newspaper of the year for a third year in a row.
lounging on a deckchair by the pool , soaking up the sun in a skimpy bikini , rhiannon langley is just like any other tourist on holiday in thailand ... except she 's sporting two bruised eyes , swollen cheeks and a bandaged nose. the 24-year-old from melbourne is recovering from rhinoplasty , but rather than recuperating at home , she is at a five-star hotel , part of the $ 5,190 ` bangkok nose job ' medical tourism package she is on. scroll down for video. seeing results : the 24-year-old from melbourne tells daily mail she ` already loves ' her new nose.
pep guardiola will be reunited with barcelona after his bayern munich were paired with the catalan giants in the champions league semi-finals. the manager is to return to the nou camp for the first time since leaving in 2012. real madrid face juventus in the the other semi-final. pep guardiola is to return to the nou camp as bayern munich face barcelona in the champions league. the draw was made at uefa 's headquarters in nyon , switzerland on friday morning. the semi-final draw had all the usual anticipation and build-up that comes with uefa 's ceremonies. juventus ambassador pavel nedved shakes hand with real madrid 's ambassador emilio butragueno.
multi-million pound yachts , private jets and exclusive bolt-holes are not only the preserve of the super rich. from private islands and aston martins to castles and 75ft yachts , travelmail brings you an expert guide to holidaying like millionaire - no six-figure salary or coutts bank account necessary. scroll down for video. if you know where to look and when to book you can holiday like millionaire - no six-figure salary necessary. if you think chartering a private jet is only possible for the likes of beyonce , oligarchs and diplomats , you are in luck. jetsuite.com lets those with a far smaller bank balance book private jets for vastly reduced rates.
a chinese villager who was desperate to become a grandfather has been arrested for buying a wife for his son , then reselling her to another family after realising she was infertile. the man , known only as xu , even tried to impregnate the ` daughter-in-law ' himself after discovering his son had not slept with his wife a single time. xu is currently under arrest for human trafficking by the police of lianyungang city in eastern china , according to the people 's daily online. xu and his son live outside yancheng , a city of 1.6 million in eastern china.
rubbish teams refused to empty a recycling bin because it had an empty crisp packet on its lid. binmen said the bag of walkers prawn cocktail crisps fell foul of the rules -- even though it had been dropped there by a litterbug. the binmen in farnham , surrey , said the bag of walkers prawn cocktail crisps fell foul of the rules -- even though it had been dropped there by a litterbug and not by the owner of the bin -lrb- file image -rrb-. now enraged residents in farnham , surrey , have branded waste collection squads as ` little hitlers ' for enforcing recycling rules to the letter.
cape verde 's 2-0 win over portugal was the most eye-catching international result of the week. its population is around 500,000 and boasts both beautiful beaches and striking volcanic landscapes , making it a haven for tourism. cape verde is a picturesque island off the african coast with a population of just 500,000 people. does it have any footballing tradition ? more than you think. manchester united winger nani is from cape verde and could have played for them instead of portugal. celtic and sweden legend henrik larsson 's mum is from cape verde. being a former portuguese colony , most people support the big lisbon clubs benfica and sporting , you see the club 's scarves and banners hanging from cafes and bars.
a new york city doorman says he 's been fired for being too good at his job. ralph body , up until march 29 , manned the front desk of the luxury 27 on 27th building in long island city , queens. but that willingness to go above and beyond for tenants -- by taking care of pets and watering plants , among other chores -- did n't sit well with the 2-year-old building 's management , body says. too nice ? queens doorman ralph body was a smiling fixture in the lobby of the luxury 27 on 27th building in long island city , but was fired for , according to him , being too nice.
from looking as if a door had been slammed shut on them , liverpool , unexpectedly , have a chance to kick it back open and capitalise. when liverpool 's players trudged from the emirates stadium pitch , having been pummelled into submission by arsenal , all hope of a top-four finish looked to have evaporated. brendan rodgers , subdued and disconsolate , admitted as much in his post-match debrief. the rodgers who left london nine days ago is very different , though , to the rodgers who will step into anfield 's technical area on monday , feeling optimistic and satisfied with his lot.
a nurse screamed with joy and then burst into tears as her paralyzed patient suddenly got up out of her wheelchair and walked towards her. bailey murrill , of denton in texas , had been inexplicably paralyzed for 11 days and was being cared for in hospital. scroll down for video. bailey murrill surprised her shocked favorite nurse when she got up and stood on her own for the first time after being inexplicably paralyzed for 11 days and cared for by the woman while she was in hospital. the nurse is clearly shocked as she screams before she grabs bailey and hugs her tightly.
belgian teenager obbi oulare scored as club brugge came from behind to beat anderlecht in front of scouts from a number of europe 's top clubs. scouts from manchester united , everton , sunderland , burnley , dortmund and leverkusen were in belgium to watch the top of the table clash. club brugge forward obbi oulare holds off a defender during his side 's europa league game last week. oulare started against dinpro in midweek and scored against anderlecht for the brugge on sunday. and he did not disappoint as he scored in the 74th minute after a timmy simons own goal to put anderlecht ahead.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- the night before her daughter 's first triathlon , kate parker could tell the child was nervous. ella and her younger sister , alice , are athletic , loud , curious , wild-haired kids. they grew up watching their mother compete in races and ella had asked to sign up for her own. it seemed that most images of little girls showcased perfectly placed hair bows , forced smiles and photoshop-smooth skin. '' so , she shot her girls and their friends as they were -- freckled , muddy , screaming , laughing , jumping in the pool , collecting worms in the creek , barreling into the wilderness of early adolescence on skateboards and bicycles.
ahead of this weekend 's premier league action , sportsmail will be providing you with all you need to know about every fixture , with team news , provisional squads , betting odds and opta stats. here is all the information you need for sunderland 's home clash with crystal palace ... sunderland vs crystal palace -lrb- stadium of light -rrb-. sunderland. sunderland midfielder sebastian larsson is suspended for crystal palace 's barclays premier league trip to the stadium of light on saturday. the sweden international will sit out the next two games after reaching 10 bookings for the campaign during sunday 's 1-0 derby victory over newcastle.
cell phone footage has emerged appearing to show actor dennis quaid having a diva-esque meltdown on the set of his latest movie. the video , which surfaced on reddit on monday evening , shows quaid -- famed for roles in blockbusters such as wyatt earp , any given sunday and the day after tomorrow -- losing the plot after someone appears to wander into his line of sight. ` this is the most unprofessional set i have ever been on ! ' cell phone footage has emerged appearing to show actor dennis quaid having a diva-esque meltdown on the set of his latest movie.
not one but two very familiar faces will be ranged against andy murray on the support benches as he revisits one of the most highly charged matches of his career. tomas berdych is his opponent in the semi-final of the miami open , the man murray met -- and eventually beat -- at the same stage of the australian open in january. andy murray will have to cope with seeing two of his former team in the opposite corner in miami. fitness trainer jez green -lrb- left -rrb- and coach danny vallverdu left murray to join tomas berdych 's team. there is no love lost on the tour between the british no 1 and his czech opponent berdych -lrb- right -rrb-.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- the sun had n't risen at garissa university college. most students slept in their beds. it started with an explosion and gunshots around 5:30 a.m. thursday -lrb- 10:30 p.m. et wednesday -rrb- at the kenyan school 's front gates. the attackers continued to fire as they stalked through campus , with the red cross saying they stopped at a girls ' dormitory. at one point , they burst into a room where christians had gathered and took hostages , said lecturer joel ayora. a student in the room told alex kubasu , a reporter with cnn affiliate citizen tv , that the terrorists sprayed bullets indiscriminately , striking his thigh.
a man caught on film by surveillance cameras allegedly hitting his three-year-old toddler in the face at a supermarket was arrested on friday. kero-tv reports 23-year-old justin whittington of bakersfield , california was taken into custody on thursday night on suspicion of child endangerment after the video of the alleged abuse surfaced online. the relationship between the toddler and whittington has not yet been revealed by police but the owner of vest market harry dindral said the man was the boy 's father and said that he 's seen them in the store together before. scroll down for video. the punch : surveillance video shows a man chasing a toddler then hitting him in the face.
atlanta -lrb- cnn -rrb- a passenger on an atlanta-bound air canada flight told a cnn reporter on the plane friday that a stranger sitting behind him tried to choke him. oliver minatel , 22 , said he was sleeping on air canada flight 8623 from toronto when he felt something around his neck. that 's what happened , '' minatel told cnn 's paula newton moments after the incident. she was seated four rows behind minatel , a professional soccer player traveling with his team. the incident occurred about a half-hour before the flight landed , after the pilots had begun their descent.
former olympic swimmer eamon sullivan has revealed the details of his romantic proposal to his girlfriend , perth lawyer naomi bass. the sporting hero has won two silver olympic medals and a number of gold and bronze at the commonwealth games. scroll down for video. former olympic swimmer eamon sullivan and girlfriend naomi bass recently got engaged on a trip to japan. the couple met in perth in 2011 , and sullivan proposed to bass beneath a cherry blossom tree in kyoto. however he took the opportunity and surprised his girlfriend so much she was n't even able to respond straight away.
the front pages of saturday 's australian newspapers featured moving tributes to richie benaud , the former australia captain and iconic cricket commentator , who has died aged 84. the daily telegraph in australia had a special tribute edition with the headline ' a marvellous innings ' next to a striking image of benaud during the 1961 ashes series. the age had a special tribute edition to richie benaud on saturday. the weekend australian carried tributes to ` the face of cricket ' on saturday. the world has been paying tribute to benaud , the former australia captain and iconic cricket commentator , who died on friday.
a young man who has been stuck in the foster system since the day his mother gave birth to him behind bars has finally found a home. i know god has n't given up on me , so i 'm not giving up either. i do n't care. scroll down for video. davion -lrb- above -rrb- captured hearts around the nation in 2013 when he made a plea in front of church congregation for a family to ` love him forever ' this after davion -lrb- abobe with going -rrb- was adopted by a minister in ohio but sent back into the system a few months later when he fought with one of the minister 's children.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- officer michael slager 's five-year career with the north charleston police department in south carolina ended after he resorted to deadly force following a routine traffic stop. slager , 33 , has been fired , officials said wednesday. his wife is eight months ' pregnant and the city will continue paying for her medical insurance until the baby is born , north charleston mayor keith summey told reporters. she told abc her son loved being a police officer. she told abc she has n't watched the video of the shooting. slager initially told investigators that he used a taser in a confrontation saturday with walter scott , who was pulled over for a busted taillight.
nairobi -lrb- cnn -rrb- an elite police commando unit waited hours for transport from nairobi , kenya , to garissa , where al-shabaab terrorists had taken over a university on april 2 , according to one of the commandos who participated in the response operation. of the fatalities , 142 were students at the university , and the rest were security forces and campus security. at 7:00 a.m. local time , the response team was told to assemble for a mission to garissa , the police commando told cnn. at 8:00 a.m. , he said , the team was told there were no police aircraft available to take them.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- the university of michigan has decided to proceed with a screening of the film `` american sniper '' despite objections from some students. more than 200 students signed a petition asking the school not to show the movie as part of umix , a series of social events the university stages for students. bradley cooper was nominated for an oscar for his portrayal of chris kyle , a navy seal and the most lethal sniper in u.s. military history. kyle was fatally shot at a texas shooting range in 2013. michigan 's detroit metropolitan area is home to the nation 's largest arab-american population.
an indian salesman is facing seven years in prison and a fine of up to one million dirham - around # 186,000 - for allegedly cursing islam and the prophet mohammad on facebook. if found guilty , the suspect could face up to seven years in jail , a fine of between dh250 ,000 to dh1 million , or both. the indian salesman faces imprisonment after he allegedly shared a ` blasphemous ' status on his facebook page. he told police he was sent the image over whatsapp , but allegedly then admitted to posting the status. the 41-year-old is accused by the prosecution of posting the derogatory statements about islam and the prophet mohammad after watching a news item about the iraq war , pictured , in july last year.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- canadian fighter jets have carried out their first airstrike against isis in syria , hitting one of the sunni militant group 's garrisons. the cf-18 hornets bombed near isis ' de facto capital of raqqa , canada 's department of national defence said wednesday. canadian forces are part of the u.s.-led coalition trying to stem the extremist group 's bloody advances in iraq and syria. canadian warplanes have conducted dozens of strikes against isis targets in iraq since november. canadian prime minister stephen harper announced plans last month to expand the airstrikes into syria. `` this first airstrike under the expanded mandate demonstrates our government 's firm resolve to tackle the threat of terrorism against canada and to promote international security and stability , '' defense minister jason kenney said in a statement.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- most companies in south korea have hoesik at least once a month and sometimes every week. drinking etiquette is the first thing you teach foreign guests , '' says bryan do , a korean-american director at the south korean branch of a u.s. company. `` there are just some things you ca n't say at work or talk about over lunch -- people who talk about work at lunch are losers. '' drinking is such a big part of korean life that seoul traffic is said to correspond with the city 's drinking culture. mondays are a big night for hoesik , so there are fewer cars during evening rush hour , as most office workers leave them at work so they can go drinking.
` washington 's horribly broken , ' kentucky republican sen. rand paul said tuesday , but it came in the midst of a tv interview broken up by prickly moments and interruptions. paul , who launched his presidential campaign tuesday in louisville , kentucky , sparred with today host savannah guthrie about his past foreign policy positions. as guthrie rattled off a list of issues where she said the senator had flipped and flopped -- iran , aid to israel and defense spending -- a testy and impatient paul cut her off. prickly : newly minted white house hopeful rand paul and nbc host savannah guthrie talked over each other on wednesday.
in a show that could rival sydney 's light show ` vivid ' , carla zampatti 's ss15-16 collection made a splash at sydney 's opera house today to celebrate the designer 's 50 years in fashion. the stunning presentation kicked off proceedings for mercedes benz fashion week that officially begins this sunday , april 12. on wednesdays we wear pink ! carla zampatti presented a celebratory ss15-16 collection at sydney 's opera house today to mark the brand 's 50th year. kaleidoscope : the designer 's collection featured indian pinks , buttercup yellows and electric blues against her trademark monochrome.
catania , sicily -lrb- cnn -rrb- we are at the beginning of a massive and mounting crisis with no solution in sight. the migrant crisis that has suddenly drawn hundreds of journalists to sicily has been brewing for years , but in the past 10 days , with as many as 1,600 deaths in the mediterranean , suddenly minds are focused -- for now. hundreds of african migrants were caught between the libyan civil war -lrb- back then some optimistically called it a `` revolution '' -rrb- and the deep blue sea. they had been pinned down under sporadic shelling from government forces , but were n't welcome by the rebels who controlled the city.
but an entrepreneurial team are hoping their new invention will revolutionise the cleaning of aircraft and help airlines win the battle against bacteria. arthur and mo kreitenberg have created a robot , called the germfalcon , which uses ultra violet light to kill bacteria throughout the cabin. scroll down for video. a father and son team have created a robot , called the germfalcon , which uses ultra violet light to kill bacteria throughout the cabin. the seats , tray tables and blankets on an aeroplane are breeding ground for bacteria including e.coli. according to the businessmen , germs such as e.coli and mrsa can linger for up to a week on suraces within an aircraft and there are no clear rules on how often aeroplanes should be cleaned.
carla suarez navarro advanced to the final of the miami open after topping andrea petkovic 6-3 , 6-3 in a semi-final on thursday. the spaniard 12th-seed did n't face a single break point and will meet either top seed serena williams or third seed simona halep in saturday 's final. it 's the eighth time that suarez navarro has reached a wta final. carla suarez navarro celebrates after match point in her match against andrea petkovic on thursday. suarez navarro will play either simona halep or serena williams in the final of the miami open. petkovic , the no 9 seed from germany , lost to suarez navarro for the third time in five meetings.
a st. louis woman is doing all she can to stop the city from tearing down the house that has housed three generations of her family. charlesetta taylor , 79 , has lived in her home for 70 years , and was a member of the first african-american family to live in her neighborhood , and now it and 49 others , may be bulldozed. scroll down for video. charlesetta taylor -lrb- above -rrb- , 79 , may have her home of 70 years torn down by the city of st. louis. taylor -lrb- above in the 60s -rrb- was part of the first african-american family in the neighborhood.
two teenage cancer survivors have been left distraught after photographs they posted on facebook to celebrate getting the all-clear were reported for nudity. tiffany williams and jessica versey , both 19 and from chester , cheshire , became close friends during their treatment and went into remission around the same time. reported for nudity : tiffany williams and jessica versey , took to social media to post images of themselves -- including one of miss williams 's bald head -lrb- left -rrb- and another of miss versey 's chest scar -lrb- right -rrb-. battled through : tiffany williams , pictured with peter andre , was cleared of hodgkin lymphoma this month.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- the much-discussed trailer for `` batman v. superman : dawn of justice '' just got a makeover. soon after the trailer went up late on friday , youtuber bobby burns got to work on doing his own version using classic superhero footage. instead of ben affleck and henry cavill facing off , this version wonders what it would be like if comics ' classic characters adam west and christopher reeve took their places. cnn spoke to 18-year-old burns about what motivated him to make his now-viral video. pictures , the studio behind `` batman v. superman , '' is owned by time warner , as is cnn.
bernie ecclestone has urged lewis hamilton to think the unthinkable -- and consider a move from mercedes to ferrari. formula one 's puppeteer , who still pulls virtually every string in the paddock at the age of 84 , was speaking after calling hamilton in for talks at his office in bahrain. hamilton , 30 , has yet to put pen to paper on a new contract with mercedes. formula one supremo bernie ecclestone with lewis hamilton in bahrain. nico rosberg got the better of mercedes team-mate lewis hamilton in bahrain second practice. rosberg was slower in sectors one and two of fp2 but a mistake from hamilton gifted him first place.
on saturday he will dismount from the bay gelding box office after the 4.25 pm at sandown park -- the bet365 handicap hurdle -- and it will begin. just entries in record books and the fact he will never have to put his hand in his pocket at any racetrack in britain or ireland to remind him of what was. ap mccoy will race at sandown on saturday for the last time before he retires after a successful career. to date , mccoy has 4,357 winning memories. eddie arcaro had 4,779 , including five kentucky derbys. he was known as the master in american racing , comparable in his field to baseball legend joe dimaggio and golf 's jack nicklaus.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- talk show host dr. mehmet oz is defending himself against a group of doctors who accuse him of `` manifesting an egregious lack of integrity '' in his tv and promotional work and who call his faculty position at columbia university unacceptable. for example , i do not claim that gmo -lrb- genetically modified organism -rrb- foods are dangerous , but believe that they should be labeled like they are in most countries around the world. the episode will air on thursday afternoon in most markets , friday in others. it all started when a group of 10 physicians from across the country emailed a letter to columbia university expressing disapproval that oz is on the faculty.
a london marathon runner stopped mid-race to ask his girlfriend to marry him in an incredibly heart-warming video. the 23-year-old , who moments before carefully removed a ring box from a bag around his waist without his girlfriend seeing , is captured standing before her stretching his muscles. biding his time while masking the slight smirk on his face , jordan lunges into another stretch -- one that has him facing his girlfriend on one knee -- and reveals the ring box from behind his back. his girlfriend , kayleigh harris appears speechless by the sudden gesture and stands back in shock as jordan beams up at her.
bald , emaciated and close to death : this is the shocking images on show inside a caged hen farm in victoria. these were the scenes that greeted animal liberation victoria activists who broke into wagner 's poultry farm in coldstream in march. the photographs they took at the yarra valley farm give a chilling insight into the bleak world of caged chicken factories. scroll down for video. some of the hens found at wagner 's poultry farm were ravaged and dying. eggs were still being produced at the farm despite the poorly hens. activists said they found birds living in terrible conditions.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- on october 31 , 2014 , the italian government announced the end of `` mare nostrum '' -- a naval mission that rescued would-be migrants in peril as they tried to cross the mediterranean to seek security and a new life in europe. in the operation 's year-long existence , the italian navy and coastguard had rescued an estimated 100,000 people. without european support , the italian government cut back the naval assets dedicated to rescuing migrants. mare nostrum , which had been launched after some 600 people died when two migrant ships sank in 2013 , was replaced by the more modest `` operation triton , '' under the auspices of the european union 's border agency , frontex.
more than 1,000 crimes have been created by the coalition in a frenzy of law-making -- including a ban on washing clothes in trafalgar square. the legislative splurge is equivalent to introducing a new law for every working day. in the coalition agreement , the tories and lib dems pledged to roll back labour 's ` state intrusion ' , promising a bonfire of pointless powers. but research shows the government has invented 22 ways of criminalising the public every month. offenders can be fined # 200. between may 2010 and may 2014 -- the latest year for which information is available -- ministers created 1,073 offences.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- a popular chinese television host known for impromptu satire is now the subject of controversy after being caught on camera cursing the late chairman mao zedong. bi fujian , who works for state-run china central television , was filmed at a dinner party singing a revolutionary song that eulogizes the communist party 's early years when he started going off script. he made us suffer so bad , '' went bi 's improvised lyrics. `` my personal speech has led to grave social consequences , and i feel remorseful for that. making disrespectful references to china 's leaders in public is considered a taboo in china , even today.
not every greek island lets you rent a boat and potter about at will , but skopelos does. skopelos is known as the film location for mamma mia ! and i had feared there might be endless reminders of the day when meryl streep 's donna found love. the island lies in the sporades , east of the mainland. with no airport , most people fly to skiathos , followed by an hour 's ferry ride. seal of approval : kyle encountered two locals of the bewhiskered variety while sailing around slopelos. it has one of the most scenic ports in greece.
a georgia woman is speaking out about her refusal to follow doctors ' advice and pull the plug on her husband of just seven months following a devastating motorcycle crash. danielle davis says she looked to her faith when she was faced with the prospect of losing her husband brian in 2011 , just seven months after they were married. ' i did n't think that it was too big for god. ' scroll down for video. tragic : danielle davis says she looked to her faith when she was faced with the prospect of losing her husband brian in 2011 , just seven months after they were married when he was involved in a near fatal motorcycle crash.
a 16-year-old transgender girl who spoke about being bullied at school in fallbrook , california killed herself , a support group said , raising questions about what educators can and should do to support students who change gender identity. scroll down for video. taylor alesana -lrb- above -rrb- of fallbrook , california took her own life on april 2 after being bullied because she was transgender. the north county lgbtq resource center said the young woman did not have the support she needed from her school and adults , and sometimes was forced to dress as a boy -lrb- above in photo from 2 years ago -rrb-.
a german language teacher has been suspended in france after suggesting that panzers should invade the country again so as ` subdue unruly pupils '. the german language teacher suggested that tanks -lrb- pictured is a panzer during the second world war -rrb- should be used to invade france again to subdue unruly pupils. hundreds of german tanks rolled into the country in may 1940 as their blitzkrieg led to france becoming part of the third reich. yet , according to complaining parents who passed on the comment to other teachers , the woman said she hoped ` german tanks come to renoir to subdue unruly pupils '.
former top gear host jeremy clarkson has decided against hosting bbc 's have i got news for you later this month. the recording would have marked his first appearance for the bbc since being dismissed for hitting top gear producer oisin tymon in a ` fracas ' at a hotel over dinner. scroll down for video. jeremy clarkson will not be hosting an episode of have i got news for you later this month , according to the show 's producers , though they expect him to return to the show later in the year. jimmy mulville , managing director of hat trick productions , said : ` on reflection , jeremy clarkson has decided not to host have i got news for you.
loss : audrie pott , 15 , killed herself in 2012 after she was sexually assaulted at a party. two of her attackers have finally apologized and admitted she was unconscious during the ` criminal act ' two teenagers have finally apologized for sexually assaulting a 15-year-old girl who later committed suicide after images of the attack were shared around her high school. the pair , who have not been named , admitted audrie pott was unconscious at the time and did not consent to their ` criminal acts ' as they reached a civil settlement with her family. the teenager fell asleep after drinking gatorade laced with vodka at a friend 's party in their hometown of saratoga.
two women were knocked out and a reveller was arrested after ` all hell broke loose ' in a mass brawl involving up to 20 holidaymakers at pontins. police were called after teenagers started ` running riot ' and women threw chairs at one and other during the fracas at southport holiday park , merseyside , yesterday evening. scroll down for video. two women were knocked out and a reveller was arrested after ` all hell broke loose ' in a mass brawl involving up to 20 holidaymakers at pontins -lrb- pictured -rrb- in southport , merseyside. one man from liverpool , who was staying in a chalet with his pregnant wife and three-year-old daughter , said the argument appeared to start after a confrontation between two groups.
prince harry will go on tough bush patrols and take part in ` indigenous engagement ' programmes during his four-week secondment with australian defence force , kensington palace has revealed. the prince is due to arrive in australia on the 6th april and will split his time between capital canberra , sydney , darwin and perth. on his way : harry will deploy to australia next week and will begin with a visit to the australian war memorial. last trip : harry last headed down under in 2013 when he took part in navy celebrations. first though , he will pay his respects at the tomb of the unknown soldier , where he will be joined by governor general sir peter cosgrove.
an oregon man adopted from south korea as a toddler fears that he could be torn away from his wife and three children because his u.s. citizenship was never registered. adam crapser , 39 , of salem , was issued with deportation papers by the department of homeland security in january and a hearing is set for april 2. however , his first set of adoptive parents abandoned him and the second set turned out to be abusive. adding to crapser 's struggles , at no point did his guardians seek the green card or citizenship for him that they should have.
a mother of four has pledged to remove her children from school to attend an ancient maypole festival - despite facing fines or even prosecution. anna james , 32 , has vowed to defy the school 's ban on taking her children to the ` obby ` oss celebrations - claiming the rituals are part of her ` religion , culture and heritage. ' the school blocked her request under a government crackdown on unauthorised absences announced in 2013. but mrs james said she would be willing to take the consequences of any police action to take her children ethan , 11 , piran , 5 , sophia , 8 , and four month old baby faith to the event.
whether he is in a car park , a factory or even a field , ed miliband is never far from a lectern during the election campaign. the labour leader has been touring the country with the prop in an attempt to make him appear more statesmanlike. he has delivered key speeches in the campaign stood behind the lectern. the labour leader has been touring the country with the prop in an attempt to make him appear more statesmanlike - using it in a north london street on april 16 and then in lincoln the next day. he has delivered key speeches in the campaign stood behind the lectern - including at a nhs rally in leeds on april 23 -lrb- left -rrb-.
england suffered an injury scare at the start of their practice ` match ' here in st kitts when stuart broad dramatically slipped in his delivery stride and was left clutching his ankle on the floor. broad had complained about the state of the crease , which was damp after overnight rain , after bowling just three balls of his first over of the day at warner park. stuart broad limps out of england 's warm-up match in saint kitts after slipping over during his delivery. broad required lengthy treatment on the pitch after clutching his left ankle following his fall.
first it looks like floyd mayweather. now he glimpses manny pacquiao. and in which oasis in the sand might he finally touch gloves with one of the two best boxers on earth ? the initial lure has been mayweather in las vegas , nevada. now the siren call is pacquiao in abu dhabi , united arab emirates. for two years khan has been so close to fighting mayweather that he could smell the resin and hear the roar of the crowd. now the image of pacquiao dances before him and there is reason to believe that a tale which might have been told by scheherazade could become reality one starlit arabian night.
many people have the bad habit of squeezing blackheads and pimples on their faces. in an inspiring essay for marie claire , jenna marotta , 27 , tells of her experience with dermatillomania - a compulsive skin-picking disorder that left her face bleeding - and how she managed to overcome it. ` i 'd descend `` into the mirror '' for up to four hours a day , ' jenna writes in the essay , explaining how her actions horrified her parents. ' i would nick and squeeze and yank at every clogged pore on my face. ' scroll down for video.
as one of the world 's most successful female designers , victoria beckham was unlikely to turn up at the london marathon in trainers. despite it being an off-duty day , the 41 year old wore a pair of skyscraper heels to cheer on her son romeo , 12 , in the children 's marathon earlier today. she accessorised her skinny jeans , leather jacket and ` team romeo ' t-shirt with a pair of alaïa boots , which retail at approximately # 1,500. scroll down for video. victoria beckham at the london marathon today. r13 kate distressed skinny jeans. just when we thought we knew victoria beckham 's sense of style better than our own , she goes and surprises us.
shopping with friends is bad for your bank balance -- because it encourages people to spend far more than they would if making purchases by themselves. in a survey of 1,000 people from across the country , conducted by personal budgeting software company youneedabudget.com , 64 per cent of adults confessed that they end up spending more money when they shop with friends. peer pressure : 64 per cent of adults think they spend more money when they go shopping with friends , many blaming the urge to ` show off ' nearly half of the participants -lrb- 45 per cent -rrb- blamed the fact that they get carried away by excitement when they shop with friends.
ask manny pacquiao why he believes boxing to be the greatest sport of all and there is no mention of the $ 120 million or more he will be paid for going toe-to-toe with floyd mayweather in the most lucrative fist fight in history. ' manny pacquiao was the star attraction as he held an open workout in los angeles on wednesday. pacquiao was in good spirits as he showed off his skills for the gathered crowd at the wild card gym. pacquiao addressed gathered media and talked about his upcoming may 2 fight with floyd mayweather. pacquaio opened up about his motivation , his belief in god and journey to the top in boxing.
chris smalling. smalling used to be part of the problem at old trafford , now the defender 's improvement has been such that he 's at the forefront of manchester united 's march back to relevance. chris smalling , in action against didier drogba , has been at the forefront of manchester united 's resurgence. it 's a mystery why the former england fast bowler now spends life on the sky sports undercard as he remains one of the sharpest , bravest analysts they have. his comment about giving england 's ` constipated ' batsmen ` some syrup of figs ' in the west indies was so perfect it could have come from our own david lloyd.
the parents of a five-year-old transgender boy are sharing their son 's story with the world in a bid to prove that there is no such thing as being ` too young ' to identify as transgender. massachusetts couple mimi and joe lemay 's son jacob was n't always a boy. but from a very early age , jacob began rejecting his gender. and after years of questioning how to handle his preferences , before finally coming to terms with what their son wanted , the lemays explained to nbc news that they decided to let their child assume the identity of a boy.
amanda holden today revealed that her sister is trapped on mount everest after the devastating earthquake -- but said her life may have been saved because she had altitude sickness. the tv presenter said her sister , debbie , had managed to contact the family to say she was safe after a 7.9-magnitude quake struck nepal on saturday , killing more than 4,000 people. ' in a fortunate twist , she said debbie had not yet reached everest base camp , where a deadly avalanche hit , because she was ill and had stopped off to recover. numb : amanda holden has told how her sister is trapped on mount everest after the devastating earthquake.
a celebrity doctor known as ` healing hans ' has played a key role in getting paula radcliffe to the start line for sunday 's london marathon. ' instead radcliffe turned to renowned german doctor hans-wilhelm muller-wohlfahrt , who has worked with the likes of ronaldo , michael owen and usain bolt. world record holder paula radcliffe said she ` was close to pulling out ' of the london marathon on sunday. but hans-wilhelm muller-wohlfahrt , who has worked with ronaldo , has made sure radcliffe will race. despite a very public split with bayern munich coach pep guardiola last week , muller-wohlfahrt joined an american foot surgeon , orthotics specialists in belgium and physiotherapists at british athletics to make sure radcliffe will reach the start line for her final competitive marathon on sunday.
the body of a new york woman was left dangling from a fire escape for more than an hour sunday after she hung herself , police say. the unnamed woman was discovered around 8.20 am sunday hanging from the third-floor fire escape of her apartment building on utica ave. near prospect place in crown heights , the new york post reports. one man , who declined to give his name , told the new york daily news that he awoke to find the woman 's body hanging outside his apartment. ' hanging : the body of a new york woman was left dangling from a fire escape for more than an hour sunday after she hung herself.
do n't be fooled , arsene. do n't be caught out by this impressive run of form and think everything is in place for a crack at the title next year. it is not uncommon to see arsenal finish a season with a string of good results. usually they rattle out a sequence of wins just in time to preserve their place in the top four but too late to affect the destiny of the barclays premier league. chelsea were relentless from the first whistle and have had the title race firmly under control since before christmas. arsenal players celebrate after their extra-time winner against reading in the fa cup semi-finals last week.
maternity style can be a hard thing to get right. with a swiftly-changing body and fluctuating shape , it can be difficult to dress during pregnancy. helen flanagan stepped out recently to show off her burgeoning bump in a slinky clinging dress , red lips and heels , confirming that when it comes to maternity style there are distinctive camps. scroll down for video. helen flanagan , 24 , looked uncharacteristically demure as she stepped out recently in a floral midi dress. some pregnant women will choose comfort over style , realising that it 's a time when their bodies are changing drastically.
` the brand has a strong heritage with a controlled supply , which makes it highly desirable for stylish women. the limited supply and production of rare colours and skin have made these bags must-have collectors items resulting in an increased value over time , unlike cars , which are known to depreciate in value after leaving the showroom. ' with the same amount of money that the handbag costs , you could splash out on an aston martin db9 volante. whilst they do n't own the exact same bag , kim kardashian , left , and heidi klum , right , are both the proud owners of pink hermes birkin bags.
geoff barrow has accused streaming services of giving music away , saying his band portishead were paid just # 1,700 despite getting 34million plays. the founder of rock band portishead has waded into the debate over music streaming , saying that he received just # 1,700 in royalties despite his songs being played 34million times. in a series of tweets geoff barrow , portishead 's founder and instrumentalist , attacked spotify , youtube , apple and ` especially ' universal music for selling his music cheaply. barrow , who also runs the invada record label , told the times : ` you used to write a piece of music and people paid you to listen to it.
a museum in hawaii is preparing to open a treasure-trove of artifacts from the shipwreck of a royal yacht sunk off the coast of kauai 191 years ago. richard rogers , a hawaii shipwreck chaser , worked with scientists from the smithsonian institution to dredge up the findings from the ship owned by king kamehameha ii , aka liholiho , the second king of hawaii. finally returned home : artifacts that belonged to the second king of hawaii but that sunk on a ship in 1824 are now being returned to kauai and will go on display at the local museum.
nick robinson returned to the tv screens last night , with his voice still recovering its strength after his cancer treatment. the bbc 's political editor announced at the start of march that he would be taking some weeks off for treatment for a rare lung tumour. last night he returned to the bbc 's news at six to analyse the labour 's party 's manifesto from the studio. bbc political editor nick robinson made a brief return to tv screens last night -lrb- pictured -rrb- , although his voice sounded weak and strained following his cancer surgery. mr robinson 's voice sounded weak and strained after his treatment for a bronchial carcinoid tumour which involved surgery to stop cancer spreading to other parts of the body.
a teenage girl has suffered serious injuries after falling 200ft from a cliff at a campsite - in front of her horrified father. the 15-year-old girl , named locally as leah price from the nottingham area , was airlifted to hospital last night from the blue dolphin camping site near filey , north yorkshire. a retired woman who owns a caravan near the cliff has said she heard crying and shouting before she rushed outside. tragedy : the cliffs at filey where a 15-year-old girl , named locally as leah price , fell. she was airlifted to hospital with serious injuries.
that 's a wrap - mercedes-benz fashion week australia came to a close on thursday night in sydney , with the johanna johnson show bringing the event to a spectacular close with her hollywood-inspired sirens ' call presentation. bigger was better this week with voluminous silhouettes appearing again and again at some of the star shows , including maticevski and michael lo sordo. a key beauty trend on the catwalk appeared to be face bling - both akira isogawa and bondi bather sent models down the runway with sequins and beads glued to their faces. ginger & smart 's bronze dresses were favourites for their wear-ability off the catwalk.
this is the terrifying moment a woman drives the wrong way down a highway and plows into oncoming traffic in an apparent suicide attempt. jack rivera , a new york trucker , captured the collision on his dashcam as he drove along the interstate 35e in texas last wednesday. footage shows the driver of a black suv , identified as 49-year-old laura michelle mayeaux , coming off at the 397 exit and veering over to the wrong side of the lane. thick black skid marks can be seen on the tarmac as smoke fills the air. the incident , which occurred just past 6pm , shut the highway for around two hours.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- we want our killers to be kind. well , aaron hernandez , the former new england patriots tight end and now convicted murderer , made none of those excuses. he walked into court with an air of bravado , his head held high like the $ 40 million , nfl superstar he was just a couple of years ago. several times he was even caught winking at his fiancee , shayanna jenkins , during the trial. hernandez did n't offer a plausible alibi. his own attorney , james sultan , admitted that hernandez `` witnessed '' the killing of odin lloyd , `` committed by somebody he knew , '' but said his client did not commit the crime.
the police officer accused of murdering walter scott will be banned from seeing his first-born child for several months , it was revealed today. patrol officer michael slager will be refused the right to hold the baby which his wife jamie is set to give birth to in a few weeks. they are not allowed to spend any time together and contact is via video screens with headphones at the charleston county jail. but the baby will not be able to enter the south carolina prison. before the fall : patrolman michael slager , 33 , with his wife jamie before his arrest.
property portfolio : sol campbell and his wife fiona. the polls might have the parties neck-and-neck -- but it looks like sol campbell is taking no chances. for the second time this year , the former england footballer is selling a multi-million pound property -- leading to speculation he wants to dodge labour 's mansion tax if the party wins the election. an outspoken critic of the policy , campbell has even threatened to leave the country if the tax on properties over # 2million comes into force. land registry documents suggest the sale was registered the day after higher stamp duty levies came into effect.
it 's not the first time a child has been accused of eating her parents out of house and home -- but in jessica knight 's case , it 's literally true. the four-year-old has an unusual appetite for furniture , soft furnishings and fittings , and doctors say they are unable to treat her. other non-food items she devours include sand and chips of cement from paving blocks. jessica suffers from pica , a rare medical disorder that leads to an appetite for non-nutritious substances. it is more commonly recognised among pregnant women , some of whom develop unusual cravings.
one in five american women are willing to undergo dangerous beauty treatments in order to achieve the ideal look , despite the risks that these procedures pose to their health. according to a new study , while just over half of women worry about the long term damage of beauty treatments , nearly a fifth would still pursue a treatment to get the right look - even it it proved hazardous to their health. the survey , conducted by beauty research organization lqs and associates , looked at the lengths 1,000 american women go to in order to enhance their appearances or copy a celebrity , and the potentially disastrous consequences they might face in doing so , including hair loss , skin swelling , and overly painful procedures.
it is not the first advertising billboard in which a company has used the image of a svelte , bikini-clad model to sell its wares and it probably wo n't be the last. the company is facing a massive backlash over its billboard campaign -- including vandalised posters , a petition , a protest rally and even a bomb threat. scroll down for video. protein world 's billboard campaign advertising diet supplements features a svelte bikini-clad model asking ` are you beach body ready ? ' campaigners launched a scathing attack on the protein supplement company after the advert -- which features a toned model posing with the slogan ` are you beach body ready ? ' -- began appearing on the london underground three weeks ago.
and now developers at open garden have built a small device designed to make these off-the-grid networks stronger. called greenstone , the egg-shaped gadget acts like a beacon , or booster , to help messages move around these so-called wireless mesh networks more easily. and now developers at open garden have built greenstone - a small egg-shaped gadget that acts like a beacon , or a booster , to help messages move around so-called wireless mesh networks more easily. firechat launched last year and has been downloaded more than five million times. it takes advantage of a feature that launched in apple 's ios 7 called multipeer connectivity framework -lrb- mcf -rrb-.
a few months ago aston villa would have been happy with premier league survival. villa were one of the founder members of the football league and in the early years of the fa cup , the trophy was almost theirs to keep. aston villa celebrate in the wembley dressing room after beating liverpool to reach this year 's fa cup final. martin keown joined aston villa in 1986 and made the move because of the club 's rich history and tradition. tim sherwood has invigorated this side and you can feel that improvement in their performances. but for all the excitement villa fans must be patient.
ten years ago , bartender liz clark did just that when she swapped cleaning glasses for sailing around the world. the 34-year-old left her home in san diego , california , when she was given a cal 40 sailboat on the condition that she sail the globe and document her travels. scroll down for video. ten years ago , bartender liz clark did just that when she swapped cleaning glasses for sailing around the world. and for the last decade liz has been enjoying an idyllic life as she sails alone in a sailboat , travelling about 25,000 nautical miles to date.
tyler macniven became known to millions when the aspiring filmmaker won the ninth season of the amazing race , and a $ 1million prize , and now it seems he may have used some of that money to create one epic save the date. the video , inspired by action films , shows the two literally saving ` the date ' as they wash up on shore , fight friends disguised as villains and ultimately escape from one very large explosion. scroll down for video. tyler macniven , who won the ninth season of the amazing race , filmed a save the date for his upcoming wedding.
humans never have lived on a planet that 's 2 degrees celsius -lrb- 3.6 fahrenheit -rrb- warmer than it was before we started burning fossil fuels , in the late 1800s , and climate experts say we risk fundamentally changing life on this planet if we do cross that 2-degree mark. `` this is gambling with the planet , '' said gernot wagner , the lead senior economist at the environmental defense fund and co-author of the book `` climate shock. '' think super droughts , rising seas and mass extinctions. this poll closes monday , april 27 , at 5pm et.
that 's what happened to cyclist wang pingan as he neared the end of a two-wheel trek that covered thousands of miles through every major province in the vast country , according to local media. arriving in the southern city of shenzhen , in southern guandong province , wang locked up his trusty mountain bike , loaded with panniers , to check out electronics markets in the city 's huaqiangbei area. despite police initially saying odds were stacked against the bike ever being recovered , shenzhen 's finest managed to track it down and return it. the southern metro news reported that police apprehended an alleged criminal and sent wang a photo of a bike they recovered.
it 's 11 years since arsenal won the title. they went from invincibles to incapables. of course chelsea could implode and hand the title to arsenal over the next six weeks or so , but that 's unlikely. if it does happen it 's a title that 's long overdue and nothing can ever take away the barren years when arsenal and arsene wenger were an embarrassment at home and abroad -- specialists in failure. those years will always hang heavy around wenger 's neck. yes , yes , there 's the fa cup currently sitting there in the trophy cabinet alongside the shiny shield they won in august.
shooting it eight times with a handgun after what authorities. lucas hinch , who runs an organic herb and tea shop , was cited for discharging a firearm within city. limits after officers responded to a ` shots fired ' call early on. shots into the computer with a handgun , effectively disabling. the colorado springs gazette newspaper cited police as. told officers he had not realized he was breaking the law. specifically , he said he 'd had enough of the dell xps 410 's ` blue screen of death. ' finch took the 9mm pistol he 'd recently purchased on craigslist out behind organica herb & tea co. , which he operates with his girlfriend , and ` fired 8 shots into the computer , ' according to city police , ` effectively disabling it.
for some expectant mothers , giving up alcohol or coffee for the duration of their pregnancy can feel a hardship. lynn , from chippenham , had to stop taking medication that enables her to move without pain as she suffers from a painful and crippling condition callled hip displasia. lynn and husband liam tried for a baby for three years so when she fell pregnant , she did n't want to take any risks so stopped taking pain relief for her scoliosis and hip dysplasia symptoms. she also has scoliosis -lrb- curvature of the spine -rrb-. but after becoming pregnant with a baby girl after three years of trying to conceive with husband , liam , lynn chose to stop taking the drugs for the time she carried their baby.
maths is a subject you either understand and enjoy or struggle through feeling rather bored. but a maths teacher from biola university in la mirada , california , may have just created the most interesting lesson ever. loading one up on his screen in demonstration , the teacher watches a bit of the video before noticing that the content is backwards and stating that he is embarrassed. after acknowledging his supposed blunder again , the recorded version of mr weathers on the video screen suddenly halts his virtual lesson to confront the teacher in the classroom. ' pretending to question his sanity , the teacher says : ` wait , you 're just a video , how could i come over ? ' as the virtual teacher begins telling him off , the real teacher leans out and ` pushes ' the screen back.
a british couple tying the knot are to break two records as they become the oldest ever newlyweds , with a combined age of 195 , and the uk 's most elderly groom at 103. george kirby and 91-year-old doreen luckie from eastbourne , east sussex , will marry after first getting together 27 years ago in 1988. i definitely do n't feel my age. scroll down for video. george kirby and 91-year-old doreen luckie from eastbourne , east sussex , will marry after first getting together 27 years ago in 1988. george , currently 102 , proposed on valentine 's day and will marry for the third time on june 13 - getting hitched to doreen in front of 60 guests.
some of the most common pregnancy cravings are chocolate , ice cream or even pickles. for silvia , star of the series my extraordinary pregnancy , suffered from pica , an eating disorder that makes people crave non-food substances. in the discovery tv show my extraordinary pregnancy silvia revealed how she suffered from pica during her third pregnancy meaning she wanted to eat rocks. literally. ' dr robert k silverman silvia 's obstetrician explains : ` pica is just eating any substance that is not food. silvia picks up the rocks outside her house , she is seen picking the ones that are small and soft.
now , less than 12 hours after poldark ended with a dramatic cliffhanger , disgruntled viewers have taken to twitter to complain of ` withdrawal symptoms ' - and urge the bbc to hurry up with series two. ` as if the sherlock hiatus was n't bad enough ... experiencing #poldark withdrawal symptoms already , ' tweeted fan mihaela doaga within minutes of the closing credits. scroll down for video. to be continued ... poldark ended last night on a dramatic cliff-hanger with the main man hauled off to jail. ` the morning after #poldark ends and amazingly , the sun has managed to rise in the sky , ' wrote turner fan am scanlon.
mustafa kamal resigned as icc president on wednesday , accusing india of influencing the outcome of the cricket world cup quarter-final against bangladesh. ` everyone saw what happened during the bangladesh-india match ... india has influenced the outcome of the match using its position -lrb- in the icc -rrb- , ' kamal , a bangladeshi , said at the airport on his return from the tournament in australia. ' mustafa kamal , pictured with the cricket world cup trophy , has stepped down as icc president. kamal has stepped down amid accusations that india influenced the outcome of a world cup match.
weighing 28st , the 31-year-old , feared she would not live to see her wedding day. for most of her adult life , miss mccormick 's obesity meant had been in and out of hospital , suffering with life-threatening asthma attacks. doctors warned the strain of being overweight would kill her if she did n't slim down - and fast. shanna mccormick , 31 , whose weight had ballooned to nearly 28st -lrb- left -rrb- managed to lose 16.5 st in two years so she can walk down the aisle with pride. before her weight loss , miss mccormick 's partner dan dimmock had been terrified his partner would die in her sleep.
an airport luggage conveyor belt has a novel way of separating bags into the correct queues - but it 's a somewhat cut and thrust job. the mechanism appears to work on a sensor system , ensuring it strikes out at the centre of the luggage so as to not spin it , but what might shock is the force of the action. it is not known where this video was taken , although it is believed to be an international airport. however baggage pushers like this are used at airports all over the world , with dutch company vanderlande market leaders in the machinery.
the andaz liverpool street hotel in london used to be bedlam , but not through cavalier management , rebellious staff or disruptive guests. the victorian building that houses it is built on the site of england 's first hospital for the mentally ill - the bethlehem royal hospital , which opened in 1247 and was often pronounced as ` bedlam '. fast forward a few centuries and in its place is a swanky , celebrity-baiting boutique hotel with 267 rooms - four of which have been decorated by trendy artists. silence is golden : step into the andaz liverpool street lobby and you 're in a world of hushed swankery.
an app which allows users to superimpose images of gory injuries to photos of themselves has been slammed for ` making a mockery of violence '. ' anti-violence charities have hit back at the disturbing app for trivialising , or ` glorifying ' abuse and brutality. scroll down for video. disturbing : scar booth , which i tested out myself -lrb- pictured -rrb- , offers a gallery of 77 wounds - purportedly real ones - which can be superimposes onto selfies so you can ` prank ' friends and family , according to the app. bulliesout , a cardiff-based anti-bullying charity , hit out at scar booth via facebook , stating : ` people have to live with real scars ... from self-harming , and suffer cuts and bruises from being bullied.
ol pejeta conservancy , kenya -lrb- cnn -rrb- at first glance , sudan looks like any other northern white rhino : stout and agile , with square lips. he grazes under the hot sun , his massive head lowered to the ground , at the ol pejeta conservancy in central kenya. when he 's not wallowing in his enclosure , he waddles around the sprawling savannah , stopping briefly to drink water from a concrete hole. he 's the last known male northern white rhino left in the entire world. for an animal on the verge of extinction , the fate of the subspecies rests on his ability to conceive with the two female northern white rhinos at the conservancy.
birmingham airport could soon be known as ` shakespeare 's airport ' in the u.s. in order to attract more visitors , tourism chiefs have announced. the airport could also be called ` birmingham london ' as the hs2 rail link will make the hub just 38 minutes from the centre of the capital - only ten minutes further away than terminal 5 at heathrow. birmingham airport could be rebranded ` shakespeare 's airport ' in the u.s. to attract more tourists , but there are concerns that not enough americans will know who the playwright is. chief executive paul kehoe said : ` the reason we used shakespeare for the chinese is there is a lot of interest there.
the duchess of cambridge 's younger sister was seen going for an early evening run in the sunshine , displaying her toned figure in a blue sports vest and patterned shorts with pink and grey trainers and a baseball cap. scroll down for video. pippa middleton was seen enjoying an early evening run in a london park , stopping to chat to a fellow jogger. pippa middleton kicked up her workout gear to the next level with a pair of new balance sneakers trimmed with a pop of pink. we love how she kept the rest of her outfit a simple medley of blues , from her camo shorts right up to her nike cap.
juventus goalkeeper gianluigi buffon has no immediate plans to retire and said it would be a waste to quit now when he feels he is still in top form. ' a player stops when he feels that he is no longer what he was before on the pitch , ' buffon , 37 , told reporters after juventus beat monaco 1-0 in the champions league on tuesday. why bid farewell to football if you are playing well ? ' juventus goalkeeper gianluigi buffon says he is not thinking about retiring because he is still playing well. the italy international produced a solid display to stop monaco from scoring an away goal on tuesday night.
ronald koeman has promised not leave southampton this summer , even if barcelona were to come calling. koeman , though , has been revelation in his first season in english football , not only steering saints to calmer waters but new heights. southampton manager ronald koeman has promised not leave southampton this summer for a bigger club. barcelona and the likes of neymar -lrb- top -rrb- are not of interest to koeman after his successful season. even managing cristiano ronaldo at real madrid does not appeal over england 's south coast for koeman. only a point is needed to break the record premier league points tally set last season under mauricio pochettino , who returns to st mary 's for the first time since leaving last summer when tottenham arrive on saturday.
then there is the inevitable speculation over the future of under-fire manager manuel pellegrini. but the biggest challenge for manchester city this summer could be keeping hold of something they already have. manchester city risk losing star man sergio aguero should they slip out of the premier league 's top four. aguero scores the first of his two goals during city 's 4-2 defeat at the hands of rivals manchester united. it may have gone largely unnoticed in the carnage at old trafford but there was an important landmark for the brilliant sergio aguero that deserves to be recognised. the aftermath of a crushing derby defeat at the old enemy may not be the place for jelly and ice-cream but the argentine 's tremendous feat of scoring 100 goals in just 158 appearances should be cause for celebration.
nhs bosses have today come under fire after it emerged a hospital paid a temporary nurse # 2,200 to cover a single 12-hour shift. the figure , which equates to # 183 an hour , was paid by the shrewsbury and telford hospital nhs trust. it also emerged there were 47 agency nurses working at the trust in december last year. the trust , which runs the royal shrewsbury hospital and the princess royal hospital in telford , has been criticised for wasting taxpayers ' money. the shrewsbury and telford hospital nhs trust paid # 2,200 to a temporary nurse for one 12-hour shift to help amid a shortage of trained nurses , a freedom of information request revealed -lrb- file picture -rrb-.
harking back to uk transformation show 10 years younger , people on the street are asked to guess a woman 's age in a bold new advert. a french model starring in a television film for garnier is filmed and photographed as she ` ages ' an average of five years throughout a typical working day. the working mother-of-two is seen drying her hair first thing , dropping her two young children off at school , working out , working on a computer in the office , food shopping and more as a camera follows her every move. looking at the morning photo , strangers generally thought she looked somewhere between her late twenties or early thirties , but with the evening photo , they guessed she was in her late thirties and forties.
just went you thought it was warm enough to go into the water ... killer seals have been spotted off the british coast. on four separate occasions , grey seals have been spied feasting on harbour porpoises that they have killed. scroll down for video. video footage of one of the attacks shows a male contentedly ripping chunks of blubber off his prey , as the water all around turns bloody. although killer seals are known to lurk in the waters off the continent , this is the first time they have been seen around britain. and with porpoises similar in size to grown men , it raises concerns that swimmers could be next.
smokey da lamb has been turning heads in some of the city 's coolest neighborhoods ever since restaurant owner sandy dee hall , 34 , and his girlfriend maxine cher , 24 , adopted him. scroll down for video. happy family : restaurant owner sandy dee hall , 34 -lrb- r -rrb- , and his girlfriend maxine cher , 24 -lrb- l -rrb- , adopted smokey da lamb after he was abandoned by his mother. lamb and the city : smokey has made dozens of friends during his month-long stay in new york , however city officials are now demanding that he be sent back to live on the farm.
the first man to serve as white house social secretary , jeremy bernard , is leaving after four years on the job. the white house said today that bernard would depart after a state dinner next month held in honor of the japanese prime minister , confirming rumors that bernard , 53 , would soon exit the administration. ` jeremy will be missed , and barack and i wish him the very best in all of his future endeavors. ' the first lady , pictured here in november 2011 with white house social secretary jeremy bernard in hawaii , said in a statement she was ` lucky to have such a talented individual on my team.
two goals inside the last four minutes saw the yorkshire derby clash between sheffield wednesday and huddersfield end in a 1-1 draw. wednesday substitute sergiu bus opened the scoring in the 86th minute and ishmael miller , also on as a substitute , secured a point for his side with an equaliser just a minute from time. the result leaves huddersfield without a win in their last seven games and 18th in the table , six places and nine points behind wednesday. sergiu bus celebrates putting sheffield wednesday ahead against huddersfield. goals : bus 86 ' huddersfield : smithies , smith , hudson , lynch , scannell , coady , edgar , butterfield , james , vaughan , wells -lrb- miller 63 ' -rrb-.
fans of the show might never see what 's going on -- but a writer for the archers has revealed that keeping a bed in the studio is essential for realistic sex scenes. we do have a bed in the studio because your voice sounds different when you are lying down. a writer for the archers has revealed that keeping a bed in the studio is essential for realistic sex scenes -lrb- file picture -rrb-. ` there will be a sound engineer in a led zeppelin t-shirt rattling the duvet ! ' he added that parties in the fictional ambridge are limited to nine attendees because of budgetary considerations.
experts say it sets men free to flex. scroll down for video. yoga for men : from downward dog to warrior pose , broga is becoming increasingly popular thanks to its ` rugged ' approach to traditional yoga workouts. making a point : traditionally seen as an exercise regime for women , yoga is changing and now has a more universal appeal. flexible and did n't like the thought of embarrassing myself in. front of a group of women , ' said financial analyst and broga enthusiast eric wright ,. founder : robert sidoti -lrb- pictured -rrb- is the creator and co-founder of broga.
president barack obama threw off the gloves and took a direct punch at one of his possible successors , likely republican presidential candidate scott walker , in an interview airing this morning. responding to walker 's claims that he 'd ` absolutely ' cancel or ` disown ' a deal with iran on ` day one ' if elected to higher office , obama told npr morning edition host steve inskeep that such an approach ` would be foolish. walker fired back at obama on twitter , saying , ` americans would be better served by a president who spent more time working with governors & congress rather than attacking them.
two ukip council candidates have been taken to school by a teacher who covered their sloppy election leaflet in corrections - but they claim it is a dirty tricks campaign. in one section mr tanswell and ms snook promise that ukip will ` take back control of our boarders ' - so the teacher wrote in red : ' i think you mean borders , not residents of a school or guest house '. scroll down for video. back to school : a teacher has taken her red pen to an error-strewn ukip leaflet that landed on her doormat. back to basics : the teacher picked up on the use of boarders and wrote : ' i think you mean borders , not residents of a school or guest house ' in their leaflet the councillors also tell prospective voters : ` if you vote ukip your get ukip ' - so the marker wrote : ` you 'll ? '.
a chihuahua and a bearded dragon showed off their interspecies friendship when they embarked upon a game of tag together. standing perfectly still while looking in the other direction , the bearded dragon initially appears disinterested as the chihuahua jumps around excitedly. the video begins with the chihuahua jumping around excitedly while the bearded dragon appears disinterested. the reptile then turns to face the dog , causing it to bark , run off and watch from a safe distance behind the table. without warning , the bearded dragon then charges at full speed towards the dog and forces it to make a quick retreat.
most women know them well : irritability , cravings , fatigue ... the ugly , tiresome side effects that precede their period. ` premenstrual symptoms such as irritability and cravings are common , but they 're not normal , ' dr lara briden tells daily mail australia. scroll down for video. common , but not inevitable : while premenstrual symptoms such as irritability , cravings and fatigue have become accepted by most women as normal , one doctor claims it should n't be so. dr briden , a naturopathic doctor with nearly 20 years experience in women 's health , recounts a patient who was suffering with pms whom she helped by changing her eating habits.
an iowa politician is on trial this week accused of sexually abusing his wife after doctors said she was no longer mentally capable of legally consenting to have sex. but their domestic routine of church activities and political functions unraveled as donna 's health began to fail. last year , the 78-year-old woman was moved into a nursing home , suffering from dementia and alzheimers. according to henry rayhon 's family , this was decided by her daughters from a previous marriage. republican lawmaker henry rayhons , 78 , is preparing to stand trial in iowa for sexually assaulting his wife , who died last august , days before he was formally charged.
the world 's first cloned camel is pregnant , scientists claim. the mother-to-be , whose name is injaz , was cloned from the ovarian cells of a slaughtered camel in 2009 and born from a surrogate mother. the world 's first cloned camel is pregnant , scientists claim. the mother-to-be , whose name is injaz , was cloned from the ovarian cells of a slaughtered camel in 2009 and born by surrogate mother. dr nisar wani , scientific director of the reproductive biotechnology centre in nad al sheba , dubai , told the national : ` we are very excited because injaz is now pregnant and we expect to have a calf from her late this year.
girl power was the definite winner at yesterday 's historic boat race as women rowed on the same course and same day as the men for the first time. oxford university women 's rowing team beat cambridge -- inspiring their male colleagues to win for the third time running in the 161st race. the women 's race has been held since 1927 further up river at henley , but after years of campaigning for equal billing , they were finally given equality with the men. scroll down for video. joy : oxford , who entered the race as favourites , took an early lead and finished more than six lengths ahead.
a transgender comedian is the latest real life model to star in a campaign for clothing label modcloth , in which she models a variety of her favorite feminine styles. breaking out : rye , who came out as a transgender when she was 27 , says that ` living an honest life ' is the most important thing to her. personal style : one of rye 's favorite items from the modcloth range is the mewseum visit dress -lrb- l -rrb- , but she admits she enjoys experimenting with her style. ` the two garments i currently get the most positive responses to are my mewseum visit dress from modcloth and my pacman-themed circle skirt.
patrick bamford has scored 19 goals for middlesbrough this season and is the championship 's player of the year. it is an impressive tally and may yet sweep the club back to the premier league. he is on loan from chelsea and the question being asked is whether he could be stamford bridge 's answer to harry kane next season. kane got his chance because tottenham 's expensively imported striker roberto soldado disappointed. patrick bamford -lrb- left -rrb- hopes to become chelsea 's answer to tottenham hotspur 's harry kane next season. middlesbrough 's bamford insists he wants to fight for his place at stamford bridge with chelsea.
the mother of a baby rescued after being trapped in rubble for 22 hours following the nepal earthquake has told of the torture she endured while she heard her little boy cry for help under their flattened home. five-month-old sonit awal was asleep upstairs in the family home when the quake struck , but was saved from death by a cupboard that fell over him. but today mother rasmila awal told mailonline of her ` overwhelming joy ' when rescuers finally arrived and pulled sonit from the devastation , with little more than a scratch to his face. scroll down for video.
just over a decade ago gianfranco zola was voted the greatest chelsea player of all time in a poll of the club 's supporters. this may seem a little premature , but as eden hazard prepares for to make his 100th barclays premier league appearance for chelsea at qpr on sunday , the little magician could have a rival in years to come. eden hazard has developed into one of the world 's best players after flourishing at chelsea. hazard has proven himself as a goalscorer and a creator of chances during his time with chelsea. hazard celebrates scoring against hull earlier this season as chelsea march towards the premier league title.
michael bisping admitted he had expected an easier fight after beating cb dollaway on points in montreal. the manchester middleweight was in action for the first time since losing to luke rockhold last year. michael bisping -lrb- left -rrb- lands a kick to the head of cb dollaway during their ufc 186 fight in montreal. dollaway -lrb- left -rrb- puts manchester 's bisping on the canvas during their middleweight clash on saturday. bisping -lrb- left -rrb- shows his delight after winning a unanimous points decision over the american. ` that win was for my son callum , who is celebrating his 14th birthday , ' bisping said.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- syria is a hell on earth that is expanding in plain sight. the death toll there has doubled in a year 's time , if an opposition group is right. since civil war broke out there , 310,000 people have been killed , the syrian observatory for human rights said thursday. and the year before , the united nations put the death toll at 70,000. violence has plunged well over half of all syrians into such destitution that they are in dire need of survival aid , the united nations says , as food rations are being cut for lack of donations.
manny pacquiao literally got two words in before a conference call about his fight with floyd mayweather jnr was abruptly cancelled on monday. a spokesman for pacquiao 's promoter blamed technical difficulties for the cancellation , partly due to the large number of boxing writers and broadcasters who were on the call. ' manny pacquiao 's conference call about his fight against floyd mayweather was cancelled during media event. pacquiao was on the call from los angeles for what was supposed to be his last question and answer session before he arrives in las vegas next week for the may 2 fight.
jack black the friendly jackdaw -lrb- pictured -rrb- has become so well-loved one fan has set up a facebook page for him with over 450 members. he is jack black the friendly jackdaw and he has become so well-loved in penryn , cornwall , that one fan has set up a facebook page for him. jack was hand-reared by a vet as a chick in 2013 after being discovered with no feathers , before being released into the wild. he has become so relaxed around humans that he regularly falls asleep in the laps and hands of residents. he taps on windows to signal he has arrived and even pops into supermarkets and perches on trolleys as residents shop.
a ` blokey ' joke book on sale at river island containing an offensive joke about domestic violence has caused a twitter storm prompting the high street brand to withdraw it from shelves. ' a man is watching his wife get beaten up by five men when the police arrive , ' reads the joke. satirical feminist commentators @vagendamagazine posted : ` in case spaffing diamante over all their clothes was n't enough of a reason not to shop there ' ` this is horrific ' agreed @rozakthegoon , a sentiment echoed by many. within two hours of the first tweet being sent the brand posted an apology and confirmed they would be withdrawing the book from shelves.
finding a prom partner can be stressful. in the caption he voiced his delight , writing : ` guess who just got asked to prom by @jacob_lescenski. ` if it made anthony happy , and fulfilled his dream of going to prom with a guy , and had a date to prom myself , nothing else mattered , ' he said. by putting his friend first , he quickly won over the internet. ' i had to post this again my son 's gay and has many straight friends and to see this made my heart melt , ' one fan wrote after seeing a photo of the promposal.
henley and partners created a visa restrictions index , which ranks countries globally in accordance to the travel freedom their inhabitants enjoy - with some surprising results. scroll down for video. the visa restrictions index analyses countries ability to travel visa-free. the latest results were based on results from may 20 , 2014. = luxembourg. = portugal. where it might be expected that countries such as north korea and possibly cuba could take the bottom spots for the most restricted travel freedom , they actually place at 86 and 69 respectively , from a ranking of a total of 94. each country was given a score by global consulting firm henley and partners , who specialise in residence and citizenship planning.
supermarket giant coles has been ordered to pay $ 2.5 million in penalties after lying to shoppers about the freshness of its bread. it was slammed with a three-year ban to no longer promote its bread as baked on the day it is sold or made from fresh dough and has now received a hefty fine. ` this penalty sends a strong message to companies that they should not use broad phrases in promotions that are deliberately chosen to sell products to consumers but which are likely to mislead consumers , ' australian competition and consumer commission -lrb- accc -rrb- chairman rod sims said.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- it 's clear from hillary clinton 's campaign rollout -- a video announcement/campaign ad/short film that debuted sunday afternoon -- that she will make women and being a woman central to her outreach. in case you 're skeptical , vox has posted a handy `` by the numbers '' for her campaign video , and there are 38 people besides clinton in the two-minute ad. twenty of them are women. as i 've previously written , the 2014 midterm elections saw the death of a political meme : the `` war on women. '' granted , that 's not because republicans convinced the country that they were the party of women.
jon bon jovi ca n't go home. after almost two years on the market and an initial listing of $ 42million , the singer has sold his 7,500-square-foot new york city penthouse for $ 37.5 million. the new jersey native bought the soho pad in 2007 for $ 24million , so even with the price cut is making an impressive profit. a bargain ... for a billionaire : jon bon jovi has sold his new york city apartment for $ 37.5 million. on the road again : the misunderstood singer seen here performing in detroit , michigan. the duplex has two levels and comes with five bedrooms , five-and-a-half bathrooms and two kitchens.
as in previous years , the 16th edition has attracted large crowds as festival goers danced around in the sun while performers including the headlining act ac/dc was scheduled to take the stage as well as musicians such as azealia banks , tame impala , alabama shakes and interpol. this year 's lineup includes rapper drake , florence and the machine , fka twigs , david guetta , the weeknd , kasabian , alt-j and toro y moi among others. scroll down for video. festival goers dance in the sahara tent during day one of the 2015 coachella valley music and arts festival at the empire polo club on friday.
nasa has unveiled a revolutionary type of wing that it says could save millions in air travel. the wing is able to morph itself like that of a bird to provide the same functionality as normal flaps , but with much less weight. it can also reportedly be used to increase fuel efficiency and even reduce noise on take-off and landing. scroll down for videos. nasa has been testing a flexible wing on a plane in california -lrb- shown -rrb-. the wing can bend from -2 degrees up to 30 degrees. in this image , the technology is visible at the flat ` flap at the base of the wing.
barcelona scored three crucial away goals and all but ended the tie after easing to a 3-1 win over paris saint-germain at the parc des princes. goals from neymar and a double from luis suarez , made sure the la liga leaders travel back to spain delighted with the result and their performance. here sportsmail rates the players in the first leg of the champions league quarter-final. luis suarez was the star man for barcelona and scored a brilliant second-half double to put them in control. salvatore sirigu - 6 - commanding in the air with a disjointed defence in front of him but could do nothing to stop neymar 's cool finish.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- the cuba that photographer carolina sandretto captures is a world away from the images of neon 1950s american cars and postcard-worthy white sand beaches that most visitors to the island bring back home. instead sandretto focuses on `` solares , '' the crumbling buildings that many cubans divide and cohabitate , often with several generations and separate families sharing one dwelling. following fidel castro 's 1959 revolution , houses and apartments were redistributed throughout cuba and the government promised that everyone would have a home in the new socialist utopia. but building did not keep pace with the population , and cubans were forced to adapt by dividing and re-dividing up homes to make room.
but benidorm , the package holiday mecca famous for a lowbrow british tv sitcom and adult entertainer sticky vicky is bidding for unesco world heritage status. however , the brash british holiday playground is not getting ideas above its station , say those pushing for its membership to the world 's most exclusive culture club. scroll down for video. high rise holiday resort benidorm , dating to the 1960s , wants the same recognition as other ` world wonders ' like stonehenge , the taj mahal and the great wall of china. sociology professor mario gaviria , the force behind an application to unesco , argues that benidorm should be praised for being one of the few places where beach holidays are accessible for all.
out on the election campaign trail under blue skies in south wales , the trade union firebrand 's manner was as warm as the weather. i had to confess i had. ` we look to wales as a beacon of hope to show what a labour government can do. the tories might have the money but we 've got the working people on our side , ' he said to cheers and applause. yet all the smiles can not hide the reality that mccluskey and his union are a potent , sinister force in british politics , seeking to use their financial and organisational muscle within the labour movement to drag britain back to the dark days of the 1970s.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- to allay possible concerns , boston prosecutors released video friday of the shooting of a police officer last month that resulted in the killing of the gunman. the officer wounded , john moynihan , is white. angelo west , the gunman shot to death by officers , was black. after the shooting , community leaders in the predominantly african-american neighborhood of roxbury , where the shooting occurred , were quick to call for calm. one said the officers were forced to return fire. `` i think people understand that the decisions mr. west made put his life in grave jeopardy , '' clergyman mark v. scott told cnn affiliate wcvb.
andy hornby is non-executive chairman of pharmacy 2u , which was found to be selling nhs patients ' details on without their knowledge. the chairman of the online pharmacy site found to be selling nhs patients ' data without their knowledge is the shamed former chief executive of hbos. a mail investigation yesterday told how the personal details of thousands of users of pharmacy 2u are being sold to companies that target the sick. mr hornby last night faced calls to step down from his role as non-executive chairman of pharmacy 2u and was condemned for profiting from the sale of his customers ' personal data.
garissa , kenya -lrb- cnn -rrb- the sign painted onto the school entrance wall reads : `` youth is a mistake , adulthood is a struggle , old age is a regret. the students -lrb- aged 8 to 14 -rrb- at the ibnu-siina school in northern kenya are getting a so-called `` western '' education , taking lessons in subjects like mathematics , science and english. but it 's an education that al-shabaab -- the somali-based terror group -- is trying to prevent the children from obtaining , according to the head of the school. `` they want to make sure they terrify the teachers so they go to their homes -- so the kids in this area do n't get what they deserve.
thomas bjorn was faced with a bit of a dilemma on the par-five second. thomas bjorn 's shot managed to land in the lap of a female fan during the first round of the masters. hooking his shot left of the target , bjorn 's ball flew into a crowd of spectators and landed firmly in the lap of a female fan. american russell henley shot 68 as he made a good start to his second masters. after carding an erratic opening round of 73 , including six birdies , three bogeys and two double bogeys , ian poulter was not happy with himself.
looking on course for a first victory in seven championship games against the 10 men of watford , they conceded an equaliser to odion ighalo that further undermines their promotion ambitions. adlene guedioura seized on hesitant defending by craig forsyth with 15 minutes to go to slip a weighted pass to his watford team-mate , who poked the ball past lee grant to snatch an unlikely point. there was a seismic rally from the hosts , who ended the game camped in watford 's box , never mind half. the final act was heurelho gomes producing a fingertip save from richard keogh 's header.
verlander snapped a selfie in front a little boy wearing a dark blue shirt with verlander 's name and jersey number , 35 , on the back. scroll down for video. selfie : detroit tigers pitcher justin verlander -lrb- right -rrb- snapped this selfie in front a little boy wearing a dark blue shirt with verlander 's name and jersey number , 35 , on the back. instagram : the pitcher uploaded the selfie to his more than 150,000 instagram followers writing : ` love having my fans support !! this little guy was pretty surprised when he turned around ' the pitcher uploaded the selfie to his more than 150,000 instagram followers writing : ` love having my fans support !! this little guy was pretty surprised when he turned around.
there were a lot of potential managers in the arsenal team that patrick vieira captained but he , more than anybody , looked destined to be a top boss. if manchester city do end up sacking manuel pellegrini then there is already one man at the club who would happily take over , if asked. he was a ferocious competitor on the pitch but off it he is a class act. patrick vieira could be next in line to replace manuel pellegrini at the etihad stadium. city manager pellegrini faces a nervous wait to see if he keeps his job this summer.
arsenal midfielder santi cazorla is among a number of players to have offered support to villarreal defender mateo musacchio following his gruesome leg injury. the argentinian fractured his fibula and dislocated his left ankle during his side 's 1-1 draw at getafe in the primera division on sunday. the 24-year-old underwent successful surgery hours later in madrid. villarreal 's mateo musacchio runs for the ball near the touchline with 13 minutes left to play. as he closes in on the ball and the sliding opponent , his right foot is bent back , breaking his ankle. no recovery time has been set by the club but musacchio is expected to be sidelined for at least six months.
experiences which bring us true pleasure are being with loved ones , enjoying warm weather , eating wonderful home-cooked food and just laughing uncontrollably. surely a far more useful exercise is to list every aspect of modern life that makes us unhappy. in the face of an increasing number of surveys claiming to reveal what makes us most happy , janet street-porter reveals her list of the things that are making her unhappy - which is getting longer by the day ! trendy men with bushy beards. every september , i encounter women whose faces look suspiciously taut , whose saggy chins have vanished and who have managed to eradicate the bags under their eyes.
they 're the ultimate status symbol for the ultra-rich , but superyacht owners or charter clients are n't content to just sip margaritas in the sun or watch films in their on-board cinemas. money is no object to those who like to flaunt their massive wealth at sea , and that means sales and charter brokerages are kept busy with outrageous requests for everything from high-end food and entertainment to luxurious decor and special guests. scroll down for video. superyachts can sell for more than # 50million , while others cost more than # 400,000 a week to charter. ` when you 're doing requests like this you 're paying considerably more than if you were to organise it in advance.
the man whose father married tippi hedren and who spent years living with melanie griffith as her stepbrother is opening up about the infamous lion film the two made with their parents , roar. they worked , and lived , with lions for the 11 years they made the film , and now , john marshall , son of director noel marshall who was married to hedren , is saying of his father 's decision ; ` dad was a f**king ** hole to do that to his family. ' scroll down for video. tippi hedren , muse to the famed director alfred hitchcock , has fun with her lion neil.
aston villa owner randy lerner did n't attend wembley on sunday after his aunt passed away. the 53-year-old american had been tipped to make a rare appearance but boss tim sherwood said : ` i 've not spoken to him yet. he 's the biggest aston villa fan i know. ' aston villa owner randy lerner is rarely seen at the club 's games , but was expected to appear at wembley. lerner has been publicly trying to sell villa since last may , and is hopeful of concluding a deal worth around # 150million once the season is finished. villa put in an excellent display to upset liverpool at wembley and reach their first fa cup final since lerner bought the club.
tom ince chose not celebrate , nor did 60 or so travelling blackpool fans who used to cherish his displays. blackpool is where he crafted his game and made his name between 2011 and 2014. since he left last year , initially on loan to crystal palace in january , there has been only despair on the seaside , and this defeat confirmed they would take the championship wooden spoon. derby celebrated an emphatic victory over blackpool that kept their promotion push going. derby : grant , keogh , shotton , whitbread , warnock , bryson , hendrick -lrb- thomas 78 -rrb- , dawkins , ince -lrb- ward 74 -rrb- , bent -lrb- russell 68 -rrb- , lingard.
until a few days ago , the closest danny willett could come to playing augusta national was on a simulator at doncaster golf range , where he also gained his first experience of doral before last month 's wgc-cadillac championship. and considering the 27-year-old yorkshireman finished joint 12th following a closing round of 68 on the blue monster , perhaps it is not too fanciful to suggest willett could become the first masters debutant to slip on the green jacket since fuzzy zoeller in 1979. danny willett is aiming to become the first debutant to win the masters since fuzzy zoeller in 1979.
imminent arrival : the duchess of cambridge , pictured with prince george. the pony-tailed young woman sitting on a hay bale at a petting zoo with her little boy perched on her knee wore barely a trace of make-up. while some other mothers nudged one another in disbelief as kate and prince george cooed over the new-born animals , staff at snettisham farm park , norfolk , are so familiar with the duchess of cambridge she knows many on first-name terms. helped by his mother , her prominent bump hidden beneath what appeared to be william 's green barbour coat , prince george tenderly gave a bottle of milk to one of the farm 's new-born piglets.
judy murray dazzled at her son andy 's wedding , wearing a belted dress-coat that accentuated her toned stomach. engage your abdominal muscles , keep your back straight and lean back a little -lrb- put your palms on the floor to support yourself -rrb-. keep legs together and lift your feet so your lower legs are parallel to the floor. start by keeping the knees bent -lrb- straighten them for this move as you get stronger -rrb- , keeping a v shape between your thighs and upper body.
dedicated waitress judy eddingfield , 65 , celebrated her 50th anniversary working at winstead 's restaurant in kansas city last week and declares that it 's the only job 's she 's ever had or ever wanted. scroll down for video. dedicated employee : for most of her life judy eddingfield has been employed as a server at winstead 's in kansas city and says it 's the only job she 's ever had or ever wanted. classic establishment : this is a photo of the the winstead family who own the restaurant showing up for work in 1940 around the time when judy eddingfield 's mother started working there.
the 23-year-old sunshine coast university student was enjoying semester break and training hard in the hope of one day representing australia as a champion sprinter. he messaged his 17-year-old cousin angela * -lrb- name has been changed for legal reasons -rrb- to see how she was doing and soon found out she was homeless , illiterate and 32 weeks pregnant. mr connolly picked her up from where she was sleeping rough on the gold coast , let her move into his flat , took care of her through the final stage of her pregnancy and is now helping to raise her four-week-old baby boy.
if a golf course were to be created in hell it might resemble the now serene landscape of gallipoli , where the blood of thousands was spilled a century ago in one of world war i 's most spectacular allied failures. an eerie serenity pervades the rolling landscape of this peninsula and , in the bright spring sunshine , there could scarcely be a more peaceful spot for a sunday afternoon stroll. scroll down for video. sulva bay , gallipoli peninsula , turkey , where in the world war i there were nearly 400,00 allied casualties. in the early hours of today , 25 april 2015 , a bugle sounded a haunting dawn chorus to mark the moment when , at 0430 , allied troops landed at a point where asia meets europe , anzac cove , to commence the disastrous dardanelles campaign.
a man who claims he kicked a young mother out of his car when she got too drunk on their date has been arrested for obstructing justice two weeks after she vanished. ashley pegram , a 28-year-old mother-of-three , left her summerville , south carolina home for a date with a man she had met on messaging service kik on the evening of april 3. her sister , brandy chance , reported her missing the next day and went through her kik account , where she found messages from a man who identified himself as 18-year-old emoney bon. scroll down for video.
having a truck for a home might not sound ideal to the average person but one creative family have transformed their moving house into a castle complete with a rooftop bathtub and guaranteed to please even the pickiest of travellers. but when it is unfolded , the vehicle transforms into a majestic but cosy home for justin , jola and their baby son piko. new zealand couple justin and jola transformed a huge truck into colourful and cosy castle-home. however when it unfolds , the vehicle transforms into a majestic and cosy home for justin , jola and their baby son piko.
former everton chairman sir philip carter has died aged 87. carter also served as president of the football league and a vice-president of the football association but it is as chairman of everton throughout the 1980s that he will be remembered. under his stewardship , the club won two league titles , an fa cup and the european cup winners ' cup , which is still the toffees ' only piece of continental silverware. former everton chairman and life president sir phillip carter passed away on thursday. carter also served as president of the football league and a vice-president of the football association.
a lost photograph showing a woman killed by the tornado that leveled an illinois village last week was found 35 miles away after being carried there by the storm. the image - showing geraldine schultz , 67 , was blown from the home where she died in fairdale , illinois , to the town of harvard , 35 miles away. lost and found : a 1980 photograph , left , showing geraldine schultz with her husband clem , was returned to the family after being found 35 miles away. mrs schultz , pictured right more recently , died aged 67 when a tornado struck her home in fairdale , illinois , last week.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- the racist and offensive emails that resulted in three ferguson , missouri , city employees either resigning or being fired have been released. the exchanges between the city 's top court clerk and two police officers were discovered during a u.s. justice department investigation of racial prejudice in the city 's police and judicial system. the emails -- which make offensive references to president barack obama , first lady michelle obama as well as muslims and minorities -- were obtained by the washington post on thursday after a public records request. police capt. rick henke and sgt. william mudd resigned early last month after the emails were discovered as part of the evidence in the justice department 's scathing ferguson report.
everything they say about the maldives is true. the view from the sea plane is like a turquoise lava lamp as lagoons meet the ocean with swirls and circles of staggering beauty. sand as soft as flour and cerulean sea : penny is hard pushed to find fault with her week in the maldives. look the other way and stepping stones lead through green foliage to a table and chairs while to one side is an outside shower surrounded by banana plants. frankly , the place is bigger than my flat. it 's hardly surprising the maldives have been on the top ten of honeymoon destinations for years.
alec stewart has expressed his interest in becoming the new director of england cricket following the sacking on wednesday of managing director paul downton. stewart , who played in a record 133 tests for england and is currently director of cricket at surrey , has not yet been approached by the ecb. ' the early bookies ' favourite for the post is michael vaughan , the former england captain who is close to the incoming ecb chairman colin graves , and has also made clear his desire to help english cricket out of its current state of chaos. stewart lines up with surrey players for the team photo at the kia oval.
blackpool striker nile ranger has accused the club of ` taking the mick ' out of him by giving him such a low-paid contract that it left him wondering how he would fill his fridge with food. the former newcastle forward has not featured for the seasiders since the end of november after making 14 appearances for the club in the first months of the season. ranger has been awol since returning to london after being left out of the squad to face birmingham in early december , and the controversial striker has spoken for the first time about his struggles at blackpool.
a new islamic fatwa in turkey has decreed that muslims are allowed to use toilet paper. the directorate of religious affairs for turkey stated that the use of the material for hygiene is acceptable but water was preferable. islamic teachings traditionally state that followers should use water to clean themselves after going to the toilet. a new islamic fatwa in turkey has decreed that muslims are allowed to use toilet paper. the set of rules for how muslims should relieve themselves , called the qadaa al-haajah , was established in the times before toilet paper or toilet seats were invented. the directorate of religious affairs for turkey stated that the use of the material for hygiene is acceptable but water was preferable.
a giant hammerhead shark swims in the shallows off destin , florida , chasing after its next meal while two oblivious swimmers bask in the crystal clear water just feet away. while the likelihood that serious injury would have been very unlikely should the shark have turned its attentions to them , the swimmers were n't willing to stick around to confirm it. two swimmers stand oblivious to a hammerhead shark as it hunts a fish in the shallows off florida. the swimmers were shouted at to get out of the water by a group of men standing on a penthouse balcony.
transcript. click here to access the transcript of today 's cnn student news program. cnn student news is created by a team of journalists who consider the common core state standards , national standards in different subject areas , and state standards when producing the show.
as if the news that tiger woods will be back at the masters next week was not encouraging enough for american golf , the sight of a resurgent phil mickelson at the shell houston open provided added lustre. the gifted leftie followed his opening 66 with a 67 to sit one shot behind leader andrew putnam going into the third round. another to enjoy a good day was englishman justin rose , who provided further encouraging evidence he is now over his bleak march with a 68 that has left him just four shots off the pace and in contention going into the weekend.
a toronto tower crane operator took pictures of a raccoon that climbed almost 700 feet up a metal ladder before taking a high-altitude poop. rob macfarlane captured photos of the raccoon on his crane after it climbed about 213 meters up. rob macfarlane shared the picture of the brave raccoon , ` little mac ' , on social media on thursday morning. the little critter climbed almost 700 feet up macfarlane 's tower crane in toronto before being photographed. ' in the shot , mac can been see holding on to the ladder for dear life with its eyes staring wide.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- for five decades , bikram choudhury built an empire. the signature `` hot yoga '' bearing his name drew throngs of devotees , spawning studios teaching the practice all over the world. but now , the bikram brand is in jeopardy , with some yoga studios dropping his name after the guru was accused of rape or sexual assault by six of his former students. responding to the allegations for the first time in an exclusive interview with cnn , choudhury said he wanted to set the record straight. '' choudhury repeatedly denied sexually assaulting anyone , saying he would never resort to physical aggression to have sex because he has so many offers.
it is not a match to decide the title , as has been the case in earlier seasons. but the manchester derby this sunday still holds great significance for both clubs , managers and , of course , supporters. city have won the last four contests between the sides , as well as the previous three at old trafford. can manuel pellegrini survive a derby loss ? the word is the chilean 's future will be decided come may when the dust on a creaking season has settled. defeat to cross-town rivals would push chairman khaldoon al mubarak closer to pressing the termination button though.
a california mother has opened up about the horrific experience of watching her once-vibrant daughter fade away and die from a little understood brain-eating amoeba. sybil meister firmly believes her daughter koral reef picked up the deadly and mysterious balamuthia mandrillaris infection during a family trip to lake havasu in may 2013. tragic : koral reef , left , was a blushing bride in july 2013 as she wed her high school sweetheart. the 20-year-old temecula , california woman would be dead just over a year later from a rare , deadly and incurable brain-eating amoeba infection. ` they said , '' oh , she 's having withdrawal from her birth control ; it 's a migraine.
jimmy anderson was given a silver cap by mike atherton to mark his 100th test. the list of fast bowling centurions is a short one and anderson finds himself in good company with courtney walsh -lrb- 132 -rrb- , glenn mcgrath -lrb- 124 -rrb- , chaminda vaas -lrb- 111 -rrb- , shaun pollock -lrb- 108 -rrb- , wasim akram -lrb- 104 -rrb- and makhaya ntini -lrb- 101 -rrb-. jimmy anderson was presented with a special silver cap after reaching 100 test matches for england. in a week when cricket lost one of its most revered voices , respectful tributes were paid before play began in antigua.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- ever had a headache so big , you felt like drilling a hole in your head to let the pain out ? in neolithic times trepanation -- or drilling a hole into the skull -- was thought to be a cure for everything from epilepsy to migraines. but while there is still conjecture about the real reasons behind the mysterious procedure , what is known is that the implement often used to carry out the primitive surgery was made from one of the sharpest substances found in nature -- obsidian. obsidian -- a type of volcanic glass -- can produce cutting edges many times finer than even the best steel scalpels.
an unidentified male concert-goer has come under fire for his offensive choice of festival fashion after he was photographed at coachella wearing a t-shirt emblazoned with the words ` eat sleep rape repeat '. the snapshot , which shows the man giving the peace sign as he flaunts his controversial shirt at the festival held in indio , california , sparked outrage after it was shared on twitter on sunday by jemayel khawaja , the managing editor of vice 's music and culture channel thump. ` this guy wins the award for worst fashion/lifestyle choices @coachella. tasteless choice : an unidentified concert goer has come under fire for wearing a t-shirt featuring the words ` eat sleep rape repeat ' -lrb- pictured -rrb- to coachella on sunday.
there are lots of things you could buy with # 120,000 -lrb- $ 177,000 -rrb- : several new cars , a significant chunk of a house - and now a limited edition apple watch. the extravagant device is made with 24 karat gold , rose gold or platinum and your choice of strap - including python skin. and one version of the extravagant watch is also adorned with a one carat diamond plus hundreds of other smaller diamonds in the strap. scroll down for video. the watches are the latest expensive gift from luxury electronics firm goldgenie and are part of their apple watch spectrum collection.
a cake-making prodigy is set to be the next mary berry as she prepares to publish her second cookbook. amy-beth ellice , 17 , from essex started baking at the age of three and landed her first book deal with her recipe collection amy 's baking year at just 14. her second , all about entertaining , is now firmly in the works but the teenager has her sights set even higher - with plans to launch her own baking products and even become a tv chef. amy-beth started baking at three-years-old and published her first cookbook , amy 's baking year , at age 13.
the 100th anniversary of the landing of anzac troops at gallipoli during world war i has been commemorated by the creation of a freshly minted $ 2 coin. the coin has an image of poppies - symbolic of remembrance - among crosses similar to those that mark the graves of fallen soldiers , and the words ` lest we forget '. they will be in circulation from monday , but an artist 's impression of the coin clearly shows the craftsmanship involved. scroll down for video. one and a half million coins released into circulation over the coming weeks. there will be about one and a half million coins released into circulation over the coming weeks , as part of a series of commemorative coins that capture the history , service and sacrifice of australians at war.
the funeral for tragic nsw teacher stephanie scott will be held next wednesday in her home town of canowindra , and the parish priest officiating at the ceremony is bracing himself for a hugely emotional occasion. reverend jonno williams is the parish priest of the anglican-uniting church at canowindra and will be conducting wednesday 's funeral service. i 'll be speaking with the family this afternoon to finalise the details , ' reverend williams told daily mail australia. stephanie scott went missing on easter sunday. her burned body was found last friday around five metres from a road in cocoparra national park.
james was at practice with his cleveland cavalier teammates on saturday at the td garden in boston before their game against the celtics on sunday afternoon. scroll down for video. lebron james hit a one-handed shot , which traveled almost the full length of the 94-foot court , on saturday. after he wound up for the shot -lrb- left -rrb- , james flicked it overhand -lrb- right -rrb- while his teammates watched him shoot. jones was also teammates with james when they both played for the miami heat. in 13 career postseason games in boston , james is averaging about 29 points , nine rebounds , and six assists.
the philadelphia office of transportation aims to get the city 's pedestrians off their phones by sending a man in bubble wrap out to spread their safety message to the people. the campaigners are seen talking to residents about the dangers of not looking up from one 's phone , including the fact that 37 people died from being hit by cars last year. while other safety programs are directed at keeping motorists from hitting and killing pedestrians , the city of brotherly love 's is focused on those walking around the city. scroll down for video. more than 40 per cent of drivers who hit pedestrians and 30 per cent of the 1,800 pedestrians that are hit are 18 to 34 , mayor 's office planner ema yamamoto said , according to plan philly.
when the first ipad launched on 3 april 2010 , opinion was split on how popular the product would turn out to be , and whether the tablet market would grow. but amid falling sales and a new generation of alternative devices , some industry experts have predicted that the ipad 's days are numbered. scroll down for video. the first generation ipad was revealed by the late steve jobs in early 2010 -lrb- pictured -rrb- , but at the time it was met with ridicule as experts struggled to see how it would prove popular. when steve jobs revealed the original ipad in california in early 2010 , it was met with derision by many technology experts , who failed to see how such a product would prove popular.
footage shows her lovingly licking the infant as he attempts to fend her away with his hands. despite elliot 's best efforts , gemma keeps licking away. other videos show the animal is clearly used to being around children. she also appears to be a fan of elliot 's older sister , adeline. while some viewers have deemed her licking session with elliot ` cute ' , others have been less impressed by the scene. lovely to meet you ! gemma the pit bull was filmed at home in california enthusiastically greeting a baby boy named elliot with kisses. too close ? while some viewers have deemed her licking session ` cute ' , others have been less impressed .
a young woman who was subjected to years of abuse by bega cheese boss maurice van ryn has told a court of the severe impact it had on her life. the wealthy nsw businessman has pleaded guilty to 12 sex offences , including the most serious charge of persistent sexual abuse of a child. one of his victims told sydney 's district court on monday that she is scared for her future relationships , and did n't understand why she had been targeted. scroll down for video. a young woman who was subjected to years of abuse by bega cheese boss maurice van ryn -lrb- pictured -rrb- has told a court of the severe impact it had on her life.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- imprisoned soldier chelsea manning can now communicate with the world -- in 140 characters or less. manning , who is serving a 35-year prison sentence for leaking thousands of classified documents , appears to have joined twitter this week. in a series of tweets , the prisoner formerly known as bradley manning said she will be using a voice phone to dictate her tweets to communications firm fitzgibbon media , which will post them on her behalf. she is not allowed internet access in prison , according to the guardian. manning was sentenced in 2013 , and in august of that year , she said she wanted to transition to a female.
ea sports have revealed the first gameplay details for their latest golf game ea sports rory mcilroy pga tour which is due out in july. mcilroy replaced tiger woods as the cover star for ea sports pga tour video games this year. the latest version of the long-running game series , due out on july 16 , features a number of new features , including various gameplay styles as well as enhanced ball physics. ea sports ' new game rory mcilroy pga tour is due out in the shops on july 16. the game offers offers multiple ways to play , including arcade controls where the left stick is used to control power and accuracy with the ability to add spin to the shot while the ball is in the air.
abc released a fourth promo video on thursday on the eve of bruce jenner 's sitdown interview with diane sawyer airing in which he is expected to talk about his gender transition. bruce - the ex-husband of kardashian matriarch kris jenner - appears somewhat anxious as he tells the sawyer : ` it 's going to be an emotional rollercoaster , but somehow i 'm gon na get through it. ' scroll down for video ... nervous : bruce jenner is seen greeting diane sawyer at his home in the latest promo video released on thursday ahead of the airing of his sit-down interview in which he is expected to address gender transition.
democratic presidential candidate hillary clinton enjoyed some downtime with husband bill on saturday afternoon , taking a stroll near their chappaqua , new york , home. mrs clinton will hit the campaign trail again today in new hampshire , where she 'll hold a round table at a family-owned business this afternoon. she 'll participate in another tomorrow morning at a community college during her two-day swing through the granite state. scroll down for videos. the aspiring leader of the free world and her husband were spotted wearing blue ball caps - hillary 's bearing the clinton foundation logo - and matching dark blue polo shirts as they soaked in the sun.
at tokyo 's narita airport , the newly-opened terminal 3 sure has some quirky features. while of course passengers are entertained by the latest buzzworthy stunt , we have to wonder : were they really intended to encourage travellers to dash to their boarding gate ? tokyo 's narita airport has installed running tracks in its new terminal 3 in honour of the 2020 olympics. turns out that the cushioned tracks were actually designed to celebrate the 2020 olympics , which will be held in tokyo. the blue path leads passengers toward departures , while arrivals can be reached by following the red pathway.
soon after that , crawford was a two-time wbo champion , winning the latest title in his first fight since moving up in class. crawford won the vacant wbo junior welterweight title with a sixth-round technical knockout saturday night , knocking down dulorme three times in quick fashion after that big blow. terence crawford -lrb- right -rrb- defeated thomas dulmorme in the sixth round with a technical knock out. ' with dulorme stunned , crawford hit him again and knocked him down for the first time. then crawford delivered a flurry of punches , leading to another knockdown. when dulorme got back up , crawford unloaded again - and the fight was stopped as dulorme staggered against the ropes near his corner.
richie benaud , the cricketing legend loved by millions has been laid to rest far from public view at a small private funeral in sydney attended by only an immediate circle of family members. the 84-year-old former test captain and internationally renowned cricket commentator was to be farewelled by a group of just twelve people at a secret ceremony organised by his wife , daphne. scroll down for video. quiet farewell : cricketing legend richie benaud -lrb- pictured -rrb- was farewelled at a quiet family funeral on wednesday , attended by only immediate relatives including his wife daphne and brother john benaud.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- a naturalized u.s. citizen pleaded not guilty in ohio friday to federal charges of providing material support to terrorists and lying to the fbi. abdirahman sheik mohamud , 23 , of columbus , allegedly traveled to syria for training and wanted to return home to kill americans -- particularly u.s. soldiers , execution style , the u.s. department of justice said thursday. mohamud was remanded into custody on friday. mohamud told someone that he wanted to target u.s. armed forces , police officers or other people in uniform , the indictment alleges , adding that `` mohamud 's plan was to attack a military facility , and his backup plan was to attack a prison.
cruise ship passengers on today relived their two day ordeal at sea after being trapped on carnival spirit as sydney was battered by the storm of the century. a sydney harbour pilot finally boarded this morning and the ship , carrying 2,500 holidaymakers and 1,500 crew , docked at the overseas passenger terminal at around 10am. scroll down for videos. the 2500 passengers on board a cruise ship , which has been stranded at sea due to wild weather conditions , have finally arrived at sydney harbour this morning. holidaymakers were due to disembark the carnival spirit on tuesday morning but the sydney storm prevented the vessel from entering the harbour.
transgender model andreja pejic has revealed that she was told by people within the fashion industry that she would no longer seem ` special ' or ` interesting ' once she completed her transition into a woman. the 23-year-old serbian-born fashion star , who appears in a solo editorial in the may issue of vogue , told the publication that she was advised not to undergo her gender reassignment surgery because it would transform her from an interesting enigma into just another pretty girl. '' ' scroll down for video. fashion pioneer : transgender model andreja pejic posed for photographer patrick demarchelier for a spread in vogue.
clare balding has admitted she was on tv too much following her success presenting the london olympics. clare balding has admitted she was on tv too much following her success presenting the london olympics. the broadcaster , who recently hosted coverage of the boat race , has vowed to do less after presenting everything from the bbc 's rugby league coverage to crufts. ` in 2014 i did n't do a single panel show because they get repeated so much. ' the 44-year-old , who married alice arnold in a private ceremony earlier this year , said that it was ` exhausting ' to be constantly asked about being gay.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- if newly revised nypd training materials are approved by a federal judge , new cadets could be taking courses reminding them `` not to engage in racial profiling. '' the proposed training materials , overseen by appointed federal monitor peter zimroth , were submitted to manhattan federal court judge analisa torres on monday for approval. `` do not engage in racial profiling , '' the training materials read. it violates fundamental democratic precepts and freedoms. '' the training notes also instruct new cadets `` not to use terms or words that devalue groups of people or stereotype them '' and `` not to imitate speech patterns of other racial , ethnic and class groups when communicating cross culturally '' because `` they appear disingenuous , artificial , and possibly racist.
manchester united climbed above rivals manchester city on saturday night into third place in the premier league table after a 3-1 victory over aston villa. ander herrera opened the scoring before half time and wayne rooney made it two after the interval with a superb second before christian benteke pulled one back for tim sherwood 's side. but midfielder herrera added his second and united 's third late on to secure the three points for manchester united. here , sportsmail 's dominic king gives his player ratings from old trafford. david de gea -- one of the quietest afternoons he has had all season ; perhaps that explained his aberration for aston villa 's goal -- 6.
a former soldier has been reunited with his long-lost son after 25 years - after he spotted his facebook page appealing for help finding his father. the post by lewis helget , 27 , appeared on darren goddard 's timeline when he logged into the social networking site with the intention of deleting his account. finally reunited : darren goddard -lrb- right -rrb- finally met his son lewis helget , 27 , last month after 25 years apart. mr goddard ` cried himself to sleep ' when he parted ways with lewis in 1989 after his marriage broke down following a horrific car accident.
lewis hamilton dominated qualifying for the bahrain grand prix -- taking pole position under the lights at sakhir by four-tenths of a second from sebastian vettel of ferrari. hamilton 's mercedes team-mate nico rosberg , who took pole here in the previous two years , was third six-tenths of a second behind hamilton , a disappointment for the german on a track where he had hoped to rekindle his championship fight. he has got pole in every race this season and been impressively quick in each race. lewis hamilton waves after qualifying on pole position for the bahrain grand prix on saturday and is flanked by sebastian vettel -lrb- left -rrb- and team-mate nico rosberg who qualified second and third respectivley.
it 's been just a few days since andy murray tied the knot to his long term girlfriend kim sears. the 55-year-old tennis coach told closer magazine this week : ` i 'm really looking forward to being a granny. i 've always wanted to have grandchildren , but i had to be patient and let them get married first. ' scroll down for video. andy murray 's mother judy has revealed that she ca n't wait for her son to have children with his new wife kim sears. judy also said that following her stint on strictly come dancing last year she taught her tennis champion son some basic dance moves.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- the people of nepal are still trying to recover from two major earthquakes and a mudslide. we have vetted a list of organizations working in nepal that have created specific funds for relief efforts , including :. -- americares. -- mercycorps. -- operation usa. -- shelterbox. -- the world food programme.
a violent thug who went on the run before taunting police by posing on facebook in a silver wig and dame edna everage-style sunglasses has been jailed for a second time. michael easy , 29 , from southampton , hampshire , sparked a nationwide police manhunt after going on the run in 2013 after attacking a woman at a party. the image showed him pressing his finger to his lips - taunting police as they had failed to track him down. michael easy , 29 , from southampton , hampshire -lrb- pictured -rrb- , sparked a major police manhunt after going on the run and taunted police by posing in dame edna-style glasses and a platinum wig in facebook photos.
sri lanka , with its shimmering sandy beaches , enthralling wildlife and relics of ancient civilisations , is high on lists of places to visit in 2015. gareth huw davies enjoys the new stability on the teardrop-shaped island in the indian ocean , where the holiday industry is recovering , and expanding with a crop of smart new hotels , after the dual torment of a tsunami and a bitter civil war. the modern seema malaka temple , colombo , sri lanka. the temple floats on colombo 's beira lake. this is the spiritual home of serendipity -- lucky discoveries by accident -- as serendib is the island 's ancient name.
salford assistant coach ian watson is poised to come out of his playing retirement at the age of 38 to answer an sos from the red devils. watson , whose last game was as player-coach in the championship for swinton last june , has stepped up his training ahead of sunday 's home game against castleford after salford lost a fourth player to suspension and three more to injury. `` it 's a definite possibility that we might need to call on ian , '' head coach iestyn harris said. '' salford assistant coach ian watson is poised to come out of his playing retirement at the age of 38.
when ben stokes first turned up at the kensington oval this week someone would have said : ` mind that locker , stokesey. ' it was here , of course , that stokes broke his wrist punching a locker after being dismissed last year and that will be a reminder to him of the need to channel his aggression in the right way now he is back in the england team. ben stokes has forged a reputation as a fiery character in the england cricket team. stokes -lrb- left -rrb- clashed with marlon samuels during the second test between west indies and england.
a ukip candidate was forced to apology after he appeared to mock the victims of the mediterranean refugee crisis -- just days after hundreds drowned. peter endean , who is standing for nigel farage 's party in council elections , re-tweeted an image with a caption that said : ` labour 's new floating voters. around 1,300 people are believed to have drowned in the past two weeks while trying to reach europe in make-shift boats launched by people smugglers from libya -- with up to 950 perishing off the italian island of lampedusa over the weekend alone. peter endean has apologised for retweeting a message mocking victims of the mediterranean refugee crisis.
the animal is pictured vying for a large deer bone as he crosses a frozen lake in furen in japan. scroll down for video. a bold red fox spots a deer bone on a frozen lake in japan and begins to fight both a flock of crows and an eagle for the tasty lunch. the fox proudly holds the bone tight in its jaws as an eagle descends to challenge the animals over possession of the lunch. the large birds were photographed by japanese businessman sanin alexander as they swooped down with their claws bared at the fox as he boldly grasps the bone in his jaws.
a down-on-their-luck couple from ohio struggling with chronic conditions that left them unable to make a living were found dead from self-inflicted carbon monoxide poisoning this week , less than two months after their desperate pleas for help went ignored. hopeless : randy and jodi speidel , from bellefontaine , ohio , took their own lives this week , more than two months after they created online fundraisers begging for financial help. heartbreaking : the middle-aged couple died from self-inflicted carbon monoxide poisoning caused by two charcoal grills they had dragged into their bedroom. after having paid $ 500 to their landlord to prevent their immediate eviction , mrs speidel stated that they were left with only $ 33 to their name.
sporting america fell in love with him because of his skill under pressure and his sheer bravura. they tuned in to watch as perfect a demonstration of sporting endeavour as you will ever behold. politicians who try so hard to be popular could learn much from 21-year-old masters champion jordan spieth. jordan spieth wears his new green jacket after winning the masters at augusta on sunday. spieth hugs members of his family after securing his first ever major title at augusta national. spieth walks back onto the 18th green to formally acknowledge the large crowd watching on. with this victory , spieth must have killed forever the idea that you have to have a cold heart and a ruthless edge to be a winner.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- the other day , i searched through hundreds of photos hoping to find a starting point to write this article. five years after the deepwater horizon oil rig disaster that killed 11 people , devastated livelihoods and wreaked havoc on the already fragile natural resources of the gulf of mexico region , it 's time to ask ourselves : what have we learned ? and what are we willing to do make sure it does n't happen again ? i spent much of 2010 in the gulf , traveling through the communities , spending time with the people and witnessing the impact of this environmental catastrophe.
a police corruption trial in philadelphia is far from over , but already one trial witness has been handed a losing verdict. witness robert kushner lost his varsity coaching job at a private academy after testifying this week about his years selling marijuana. kushner , 32 , is one of more than a dozen former drug dealers testifying for the federal government about allegations of police wrongdoing. he told jurors tuesday that some of the undercover officers on trial had stolen $ 81,000 in cash and 7 pounds of marijuana from him during a 2007 arrest. that history came as news to officials at jack m. barrack hebrew academy in suburban bryn mawr.
jay z launched a stream of tweets defending his premium music streaming app tidal after the service , launched last month , was described as a flop. his social media diatribe comes as reports claim that tidal is being sabotaged by rivals as it attempts to take business away from more-established music outlets such as spotify and apple. ` we are here for the long haul , ' the rapper and businessman tweeted in a string of ` stream of consciousness ' messages. scroll down for video. twitter rant : jay z unleashed a string of ` stream of consciousness ' tweets on sunday defending his premium music streaming service tidal and saying that it is still early days for the app.
oz , 54 , found himself at the center of a firestorm last week when 10 prominent doctors sent a letter to columbia university , where he serves as vice chairman and professor of surgery at college of physicians , calling for his resignation because he is a ` charlatan who promotes ` quack treatments. scroll down for video. bold statement : oz , 54 , says in the video that he will not let the 10 doctors who launched a campaign last week to try and get him fired from columbia university silence him. the show released a 25-second teaser clip to cnn money featuring a part of oz 's rebuttal to promote the upcoming episode.
massaging your ` third eye ' , the point between your eyebrows , can help boost concentration , massage therapist suzi cinalli says. do you find your mind wandering , caught in a day dream ? or hitting the afternoon slump ahead of schedule , loosing your train of thought even by mid-morning ? if you struggle to stay alert , massage therapist suzi cinalli , from the vital touch , might have just the answer. apply pressure to your ` third eye ' with your middle finger tip while taking several deep breaths. the ` third eye ' is a point directly between your eyebrows at the point where the bridge of your nose meets your forehead.
jockey blake shinn rode his pants off in the opening race of a meeting in sydney. literally. atop miss royale as it tore down the home straight , the elastic in mr shinn 's pants gave way , exposing his backside to punters track-side. ' i was more worried about winning the race. ' i was more worried about winning the race. unfortunately for the champion jockey , he was n't able to win the race , but he proved once and for all he always has a crack .
a northern indiana pizzeria that closed after its owner said his religious beliefs would n't allow him to cater a gay wedding opened thursday to a full house of friends , regulars and people wanting to show their support. o'connor closed the shop for eight days after comments by him and his daughter , crystal , to a local television station supporting a new religious objections law. the law , which has since been revised , sparked a boycott of indiana. scroll down for video. full house : many customers wait for service as memories pizza reopened for business on thursday.
don mclean -lrb- pictured -rrb- is responsible american pie , the lyrics of which have been puzzled over for decades. there has never been a popular song quite like it. for more than 40 years , its lyrics have been an enigma wrapped in an eight-and-a-half minute long rock 'n' roll puzzle. and this week its lyrics , hand-written in 1971 by a young folk singer called don mclean , were sold at auction in new york for more than $ 1 million. that 's a lot of money for 18 sheets of paper , albeit with a lost seventh verse.
david light , account director at the data partnership , revealed the underhand tactics used by his company to coax information from people. data bosses have been caught boasting to the mail of the underhand tactics they use to trick homeowners into giving away their secrets. ' various firms offered to sell personal information to the mail 's undercover team using data from lifestyle surveys completed by people who had been cold-called from overseas. they claimed that calling offshore meant they could disregard the official telephone preference service -lrb- tps -rrb- -- even though the information commissioner 's office said this was not true.
luke rockhold is ready to be the bull to lyoto machida 's matador when the middleweights collide in new jersey on saturday. the californian is bidding for his fourth consecutive victory since losing to vitor belfort two years ago and has a title shot in his sights. and he knows exactly what it will take to beat machida. lyoto machida -lrb- left -rrb- and luke rockhold face off ahead of their middleweight clash this weekend. ` machida has got a very small avenue to win this fight on the feet. rockhold performs during an open workout as he bids to extend his winning streak to five.
detectives investigating the disappearance of three-year-old william tyrrell believe he may have been abducted by a paedophile ring when he disappeared from his grandmother 's house last september. detective superintendent mick willing , nsw homicide squad commander , said on friday : ` one of our lines of inquiry relates to people we expect to be involved in a paedophile ring. the news comes as the parents of the missing toddler have begged for his return in a heart-wrenching video made seven months after he vanished from his home on the nsw mid-north coast. ` just give him back ... take him to a church , take him to a police station , take him to school.
the performance of jimmy anderson on the last morning of the second test was one of the greatest i have seen from an england cricketer. he did everything right as a bowler , catcher and fielder. england must be doing something right behind the scenes if one of their players can produce something like that almost out of nothing. england captain alastair cook celebrates as he scores the runs to defeat west indies in the second test. cook -lrb- left -rrb- dives to his left to take a catch at first slip and claim the wicket of chanderpaul. england must remember that , having won a crucial toss , they had the best conditions against the eighth-ranked side in the world.
eugenie bouchard has displayed here ruthless competitive streak again by refusing to shake hands with opponent alexandra dulgheru at a pre-match press conference. bouchard is playing in the fed cup world group play-off against romania this weekend and faces world no 66 dulgheru in her first contest. however during the draw ceremony in montreal , bouchard declined dulgheru 's offer of a sporting handshake in front of the assembled photographers. canadian star eugenie bouchard -lrb- left -rrb- lines up for a photo next to fed cup opponent alexandra dulgheru. the canadian star , who has suffered four defeats in her past six matches as the world no 7 struggles to regain form on the wta tour , has previous having refused to shake hands with slovak kristina kucova at a fed cup press conference last year.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- an alaska airlines flight was forced to make an emergency landing monday after its pilot reported hearing unusual banging. upon landing , a ramp agent was discovered inside the front cargo hold , according to a statement from the airline. the agent , who is an employee of alaska contractor menzies aviation , told authorities he had fallen asleep , the statement said. the cargo hold is pressurized and temperature controlled. the plane was also only in the air for 14 minutes , alaska airlines said. cnn affiliate komo spoke to marty collins , a passenger on the plane.
uber driver emerson decarvalho allegedly ran down a cyclist after a confrontation in the street. an uber driver in san francisco has been charged with assault after ramming into a cyclist who was shouting at him , leaving the biker with several broken bones , police and media reported. the incident occurred in the busy fisherman 's wharf area of san francisco when the cyclist rode up to the vehicle , yelled at the driver , banged on his window and pushed in his mirror , police spokesman carlos manfredi told afp. ` the cyclist sustained a punctured lung , broken ribs and a broken clavicle , ' he added.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- erica kinsman , a former florida state university student who has accused star football player jameis winston of rape , has filed a lawsuit against the heisman trophy-winning quarterback , her lawyer said thursday. kinsman has said winston raped her in december 2012. a prosecutor decided against bringing criminal charges in the case. in the lawsuit filed thursday , kinsman alleges sexual battery , false imprisonment and intentional infliction of emotional distress. winston has said the sex was consensual. cnn obtained the following statement from winston 's attorney david cornwell. mr. winston is looking forward to the upcoming -lsb- nfl -rsb- draft.
patrick bamford enhanced middlesbrough 's automatic promotion bid by equalling the club 's record goal return of the modern era. bamford , the on-loan chelsea forward , struck his 15th of the campaign , to match the tally of colombian hamilton ricard during the 1998-99 premier league season. his deflected 20th-minute effort was enough to earn victory over relegation-threatened wigan , who now have just six matches to avert the prospect of playing league one football just two years after shocking manchester city in the fa cup final at wembley. middlesbrough striker patrick bamford , on loan from chelsea , scores the opening goal via a deflection.
there are few things better than sipping a refreshing drink while admiring spectacular views of the sea and soaking up the sun at an island resort. holidaymakers with deep pockets can find that kind of privacy on a brazilian island which is tucked inside a picturesque bay and boasts chalets over the water , air-conditioned rooms to beat the sweltering heat , a heliport and a swimming pool carved into the rock -- all from # 2,500 -lrb- $ 3,750 -rrb- a night. scroll down for video. ilha de mana boasts a main residence and four chalets over crystal clear water , with air-conditioned rooms to beat the brazilian heat.
no young person wants their parents following them on social media , and deion sanders jr. discovered firsthand why it is such a bad idea this week. the talented wide receiver , who is a sophomore at southern methodist university , wrote on twitter thursday ; ` got ta get the hood doughnuts almost every morning. scroll down for video. deion sanders -lrb- left -rrb- called out his son deion sanders jr. -lrb- right -rrb- when he wrote about needing ` hood doughnuts almost every morning ' sanders jr. seems to benefit from his dad 's reported $ 40million worth , and enjoys showing off his luxury clothing items -lrb- above -rrb- on his social media accounts.
this is the scarred face of a nursing student who was hit in the face by a flying pint glass which was thrown across a crowded pub during a heavy metal gig. charnelle hughes , 20 , was stood near the bar at the adelphi pub in preston reading a text message , when she was struck on the side of the head by the empty glass after it was hurled into a group of 40 people during a live gig. charnelle hughes , who was left scarred , swollen and fearing she might lose her right eye after being struck in the face by a pint glass , which was thrown across a crowded pub.
pete evans has been slammed by medical professionals for promoting fluoride-free water. health minister jillian skinner has slammed celebrity chef pete evans for promoting fluoride-free water , saying he is putting people 's health at risk with his extreme views on diet and lifestyle. it comes after concerned medical professionals described evans ' standpoint as misinformed and a potentially dangerous lifestyle choice after he revealed his family also steers clear of consuming australian tap water. ` here we are spending a lot of effort and energy in educating people about the value of fluoridation , about the fact that there are no risks associated with vaccination , or very low risks , and that there is no connection between vaccination and autism , and it is countered by a celebrity who knows nothing from a specialist point of view , ' she told the sunday telegraph.
chris christie 's wife has quit her big-money job on wall street in what could be a sign her husband has decided to run for president in 2016. may pat christie , 51 , a managing director at new york city finance firm angelo gordon & co , ditched her $ 475,000-a-year position this week , a family spokesman confirmed. but many will see the move as a sign that new jersey governor christie , 52 , is coming closer to seeking the republican nomination for the 2016 presidential election. scroll down for video. ditching wall street : mary pat christie , right , has quit her $ 475,000-a-year position at finance firm angelo gordon & co.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- the united states and its negotiating partners reached a very strong framework agreement with iran in lausanne , switzerland , on thursday that limits iran 's nuclear program in such a way as to effectively block it from building a nuclear weapon. just last month , in an attempt to head off such an agreement , house speaker john boehner invited israeli prime minister benjamin netanyahu to preemptively blast it before congress , and 47 senators sent a letter to the iranian leadership warning them away from a deal. the debate that has already begun since the announcement of the new framework will likely result in more heat than light.
andre blackman hides his face outside hammersmith magistrates court. a former celtic star tried to dodge performing unpaid work for shoplifting from harrods - after claiming it would disrupt his search for a new club. andre blackman , 24 , who now plays for doomed championship side blackpool fc , stole a jacket worth more than # 1,000 from the world famous store in knightsbridge. ' he was ordered to carry out 40 hours of unpaid work after hammersmith magistrates ' court was told he fled from the shop with the # 1,225 jacket. blackman told deputy district judge samantha mace : ` it was just a moment of madness.
three men have today been arrested on suspicion of murdering missing chef claudia lawrence. three men arrested on suspicion of the murder of missing chef claudia lawrence have been released on bail. the trio were questioned over night by police investigating the chef 's disappearance. her father , peter , reported her missing after she failed to turn up to work in the canteen of the university of york for her 6am shift. detectives previously questioned a man in his 50s from york in march in connection with ms lawrence 's murder. he remains on police bail. a north yorkshire police spokesman said : ` although they have been released from custody , proceedings in this case - as they relate to them - remain active.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- she could stand on a strand of human hair , with room to spare. the microscopic polymer statue by south african sculptor jonty hurwitz , entitled trust , measured just 1/100th of a centimeter and had been called the `` smallest sculpture ever made. while she was being photographed through an electron microscope -- the only way to view the minute creation -- trust vanished , with only a smudged fingerprint left behind by her photographer as a clue. '' but was it , really ? hurwitz is an entrepreneur-turned-artist who has applied the same tech wizardry to sculpture that he put into coding a finance site valued at over $ 500 million.
a dry cleaner in his fifties has been banned from using the tube during rush hours after targeting a young woman and rubbing his crotch and pot belly on her bottom. mohammed tahir , 53 , of leytonstone , east london , got off his train at mile end and picked a target on the platform - a ` confident and articulate ' professional in her 20s , a court heard. his behaviour was so obvious that it had attracted the attention of undercover police officers who were watching his every move. eventually , the horrified young woman managed to attract the attention of one of them and tahir was arrested , finally putting an end to the nightmare ordeal.
a warming climate may have enabled the earliest humans to venture into western europe 1.4 million years ago , a new study suggests. researchers believe that the spread of our distant human ancestors , the hominins , had been halted by colder and drier temperatures. spanish researchers say climate change impacted human migration. until 1.4 million years ago it was too cold to inhabit southeast spain. but then the climate warmed to 13 °c -lrb- 55 °f -rrb- and became more humid. this enabled hominins -lrb- stock image shown -rrb- - our distant ancestors - to move to new regions. published in the journal of human evolution , the paper suggests climate change affected the amount of resources available.
but new research suggests britain 's bees are happier near towns and cities. a study of wildlife sites across four english counties has found that most are home to fewer species of bee today than they were in the past. it found that the expansion of farmland has actually been more damaging to britain 's bee population than the concreting over of the countryside for housing. a reading university researcher has said that bees prefer cities to fields -lrb- honey bees in paris shown -rrb-. the expansion of farmland has actually been damaging to bee population , according to the researcher.
he is about to turn 80 but self-confessed ladies ' man albert roux has evidently lost none of his charm. the legendary french chef has been wining and dining a string of glamorous blondes since divorcing his wife of eight years , zimbabwean-born heiress cheryl roux , last year. chef albert roux with his second wife , zimbabwean-born heiress , cheryl roux before their divorce last year. sources close to the restaurateur say he is ` smitten ' with ms lutsyshyna , a 41-year-old ukrainian who used to work at the roux restaurant in westminster. last weekend roux was reportedly due to be helping his son michel jr cook at tennis star andy murray 's wedding reception at the cromlix house hotel in scotland.
the wife of a suburban los angeles mayor who was shot in his home pleaded not guilty thursday to voluntary manslaughter. lyvette crespo , 43 , entered the plea to a grand jury indictment. she was ordered held on $ 150,000 bail and could face up to 21 years in state prison if convicted. crespo shot bell gardens mayor daniel crespo three times in the chest on september 30. the killing came after the late mayor 's years of domestic abuse , the widow claims. indicted : lyvette crespo -lrb- right -rrb- allegedly shot her husband , bell gardens , california mayor daniel crespo -lrb- left -rrb- , in september during a heated argument about his infidelity.
but now the characteristic hiss of interference that accompanies most fm broadcasts is set to fall silent. norway has announced that it will be the the first country in the world to switch off its fm radio signal. twiddling the knobs of a radio will no longer be necessary as analogue services switch off in favour of digital. the norwegian government said it will turn off its fm transmitters on january 11 2017. now with the ever expanding number of digital radio services and growing numbers of people choosing to listen to internet radio , it seems likely other countries will follow norway 's example.
a mother-of-two who was abused by her own father throughout her childhood has spoken out after he was jailed for 22 years. ' brave : mandy greenwood has spoken out about the father who abused her as a child. mandy carried the terrible secret around with her for more than 20 years -- and it was only after she confided in her husband , dave , that she felt strong enough to seek help. she has waived her right to anonymity in the hope that other victims of abuse will come forward too. mandy 's abuse began at the age of seven , when her father , keith whitworth , now 61 , came into her bedroom and woke her up during the night.
the manchester derby is now one of the biggest match-ups in world football. millions across the globe cram around tv screens to catch a glimpse of the fixture , and its appeal gets ever greater with each passing season. but just how manchester is the clash between city and united ? sportsmail takes a look at everything local between the two giants. sergio aguero and manchester city travel to old trafford to face united on sunday afternoon. you will not find many united fans who pine for the days when martin edwards , son of a salford butcher , ruled the roost at old trafford.
the danish monarch was joined for the balcony appearance by her son and heir , crown prince frederik , 46 , his wife crown princess mary , 43 , and their four children. waiting below was an enormous flag-waving crowd who went into raptures as the royals appeared , watched by members of other european royal dynasties , among them sweden 's and norway 's. scroll down for video. family affair : frederik and mary were joined by their four children , including twins vincent and josephine. pay attention ! four-year-old vincent appeared more interested in scaling the balcony rails. also on the balcony was margrethe 's second son , joachim , 45 , his french wife princess marie , his children from his first marriage , nikolai , 15 , and felix , 12 , and his youngest two , henrik , five , athena , three.
the barnet manager talks about how important it is for the troops to follow order during this crucial stage of the season. one player did n't want a biscuit and simply passed the packet on. the other six were looking at their biscuits waiting for the go ahead. when it comes to this crucial stage in the season , you need all your troops ready to follow orders. it 's a zayn if they 're not pulling in one direction. people have to do their jobs ; defending set plays , defensive shape when you 're attacking , working up and down the pitch.
a woman 's life was saved after her doctor discovered she had stomach cancer during prep for gastric bypass surgery. rachel sandridge , 29 , from maryland , says she was shocked at the unexpected diagnosis but thankful to her diligent doctor. sandridge was due to undergo the surgery after her weight reached 430lbs. rachel sandridge , 29 , from maryland , was due to undergo the surgery after her weight reached 430 pounds. . but durring the prep her doctor discovered she had cancer. she had to lose weight to qualify for the surgery and then underwent a routine endoscopy , to examine her digestive tract to ensure it was all healthy.
david cameron has admitted boris johnson is aiming to be the next tory leader. david cameron has admitted boris johnson is locked in a behind-the-scenes battle with theresa may and george osborne to take over the tory leadership. the prime minister said the london mayor had ` suddenly realised ' after years of mischief making that his main political rivals were those lining themselves up to take over the top job. the admission exposes the battle quietly raging behind the scenes over who will take over from mr cameron. it comes just weeks after mr cameron revealed he would stand down as prime minister before 2020 if he wins re-election next month.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- a freshly fallen tree in the roadway was jason warnock 's first clue. warnock was driving through a canyon in lewiston , idaho , on wednesday when he saw the tree , then looked up to see an suv dangling over the edge of a cliff. '' what warnock did next , captured in a dramatic photo by lewiston tribune photographer barry kough , made headlines around the world. warnock dashed from his car and scrambled up a hill to the yukon and its driver , 23-year-old matthew sitko , who appeared to be in shock. '' thanks to warnock , sitko went to the hospital with just minor injuries.
hannah and alex purchased a 1986 hino flatbed and undertook their year and a half labor of love. the result was a solar-powered two-bedroom , wood and steel home that now allows them to live almost self-sufficiently in nelson , new zealand. how a truck becomes a home : a new zealand couple built this country home on the bed of a flatbed truck. after a year and a half of taking the project one step at a time , the project took shape. ingenuity : the couple started with a steel frame and slowly , project by project , built a home in about a year and a half.
the wife of legendary cricket commentator , richie benaud , has politely declined the offer of a state funeral for her late husband. the private service for benaud , who died on friday aged 84 , will take place this week , news corp reported on sunday. ` godfather of cricket ' : legendary commentator and former australia captain richie benaud died aged 84. respected : benaud died peacefully in his sleep surrounded by his wife daphne -lrb- above -rrb- and family members. richie benaud , the legendary commentator described as the ` godfather of cricket ' , passed away peacefully in his sleep overnight on friday , surrounded by his wife daphne and family.
liam phillips knows he must expand his repertoire to aid his bid for olympic glory. the 26-year-old from burnham-on-sea won the 2013 bmx world title and was the world cup series champion in 2014. phillips , who races in the manchester world cup event this weekend , plans to use 2015 to experiment with tactics in a bid to arrive at the start gate in rio full of confidence. liam phillips in action during the 2012 olympics , and the 26-year-old is hoping for glory in rio. ' phillips would dearly love to reclaim the world title he won in auckland two years ago at this year 's world championships in belgium in july.
an amateur cyclist is planning to ride the entire tour de france - considered the most gruelling race in professional cycling - on a raleigh chopper. dave sim has put in months of training aboard his bright yellow mark three chopper in preparation to ride all 2077 miles of the 2015 tour de france route this summer. the 36-year-old personal trainer from southport , merseyside , is hoping his stunt will inspire people to get out and ride themselves. scroll down for video. dave sim , 36 , rides his raleigh chopper on the l'etape du tour last year. the tour involves many hill climbs which are grueling even for professionals using high-performance road bikes.
a heartbroken father told yesterday how his daughter had been given hard drugs by dealers targeting schools. in an emotional open letter , he told how the ` bright and beautiful ' gcse pupil started using a cocktail of banned substances including cocaine , ecstasy , methadone and ` party drug ' meow meow. the father -- identified only as john to protect his family 's privacy -- warned that class a drugs were widely available to children , and urged schools and police to get tough. a father has revealed that his teenage daughter became hooked on cocaine and ecstasy after buying the drugs in the school playground -lrb- file pic posed by a model -rrb-.
an explorer who plans to spend a year living inside a ball-shaped capsule on top of an iceberg is seeking funding for his daring project. the aim of the cabin fever-inducing stunt is to highlight how global warming will melt icebergs around the world and cause sea levels to rise. scroll down for video. italian alex bellini will live atop an iceberg in greenland starting next year. he will live inside a contained ball -lrb- artist 's illustration shown -rrb- , with no means to escape for 12 months. mr bellini , 36 , is seeking funding for his project , called adrift , which he hopes to begin in november 2016.
serena williams will be 34 at the end of a summer that she looks all set to enter without having been beaten on tour in 2015. she heads into saturday 's final of the miami open with a 17-0 record , and will surely extend that winning sequence against the admirable but somewhat limited spaniard carla suarez navarro. serena williams celebrates after reaching the miami open final to continue her unbeaten run in 2015. williams was taken the distance by world no 2 simona halep in the semi finals in florida. the world no 1 has a win record of 17-0 since the start of the year and looks unbeatable.
while it might be the nation 's largest grocer , walmart supercenter was ranked at the bottom of the barrel in a recent survey of america 's supermarkets. the retailer has consistently been one of the lowest-rated grocers since 2005 in consumer reports ' annual survey , and this year it was rated number 67 , the second worst supermarket. as it is the primary shopping destination for ten per cent of the 63,000 readers surveyed by the magazine , walmart is lacking in areas including service and quality of produce. walmart was ranked the second worst supermarket in consumer reports ' annual supermarket survey.
washington -lrb- cnn -rrb- a shooting that prompted the lockdown of the u.s. capitol for several hours saturday was a suicide and does not have an apparent connection to terrorism , capitol police chief kim dine said in a news conference. an unidentified male walked through a public area on the west front of the capitol early saturday afternoon and shot himself , dine told reporters. the unidentified shooter had a backpack and a rolling suitcase that authorities treated as treated suspicious packages , prompting the lockdown as they were investigated , capitol police said. a witness , robert bishop , told cnn it also said something about taxing the `` 1 %.
the fbi and nypd said on wednesday that a reward of up to $ 115,000 is being offered for information leading to an arrest and conviction in the march 2008 bombing at the times square military recruitment station. but police commissioner william bratton says people had walked past just moments before the device detonated in the early hours of march 6. officials said the explosion may be connected to earlier unsolved bombings at the british and mexican consulates. fbi footage showed the times square suspect placing the bomb and riding away on a bike. a bomb explodes outside the u.s. armed forces recruiting station in times square , new york on march 6 , 2008.
a labour candidate has denied launching a foul-mouthed attack on a political rival for pointing out he lives in a # 1.5 million home. michael foster was appearing at a public ` hustings ' in the camborne and redruth constituency when he objected to mention of his luxurious four-bedroom home by loveday jenkin who is standing for the cornish party mebyon kernow. ' labour candidate michael foster , pictured , said not many people in cornwall would be hit by the mansion tax. however , a rival candidate pointed out that mr foster lived in a # 1.5 million house , pictured , near falmouth.
ex-convict and white supremacist ryan giroux , 41 , has pleaded not guilty to a string of offences , after mesa police say he shot six people , killing one. a convicted burglar and white supremacist has pleaded not guilty to killing one person and wounding five others in a rampage in arizona , usa. ryan giroux is accused of shooting three people in a phoenix motel , killing a man and injuring two women during the incident in march 18 in the suburb of mesa , and will now stand trial. police swarmed the city in a massive response , with mesa police using sniffer dogs and searching cars to find the gunman , placing several buildings , a school and college in ` lockdown '.
an egyptian goose that lived for at least a week with an arrow piercing its neck as it evaded capture by animal control workers in southern california died after it was wrangled and taken to surgery. the goose at first appeared to make it successfully through the operation at a bird and wildlife clinic wednesday but then died a short time later , said katie ingram of orange county animal care. ` the vet did everything that they could do , ' ingram told los angeles television station knbc. ' scroll down for video. dead goose : goose with an arrow piercing its neck dies after surgery to remove the piercing object.
where exactly would this club -- now on the brink of the championship -- be without their billionaire owner steve lansdown ? cotterill looked down at his feet , searching for the right answer. he is aware that they 'd be nowhere near a win away from league one promotion , potentially ending the season as champions and enjoying a spectacularly redeveloped ashton gate. steve cotteril has taken bristol city to the brink of a championship return after two seasons in league one. city have already won silverware this season in the shape of a johnstone 's paint trophy win last month.
imagine if raheem sterling had actually done something wrong. imagine , even , if he had asked for a transfer away from liverpool. he is in thrall , it is said , to a man portrayed as his iago of an agent. sterling 's ability has been questioned and his contribution to liverpool has been mocked. raheem sterling winces during liverpool 's 4-1 defeat at arsenal to complete a tough week for the 20-year-old. brendan rodgers takes a deep breath as he watches his side succumb to their worst defeat of the season. sterling is fouled by hector bellerin as liverpool earn a penalty which was converted by jordan henderson.
salvina formosa from south wentworthville , west of sydney , has been taking part in step classes to improve her fitness and strength to walk after tripping over on an uneven footpath. ' the western sydney local health district 's community-based program stepping on is designed to improve strength and balance in elderly people who have had a fall or are fearful of falling. ms formosa , who is a trained sewing teacher , has made over 13 wedding dresses and insists she still enjoys sewing and cooking. the centenarian wakes up at 5am every morning and attributes her longevity and wellness to her fitness as she lives a life with a kind heart free of jealousy and prays daily.
a young father who died in a paragliding accident on monday afternoon posted pictures of his view from the sky just hours before he lost control of his powered paramotor. the paraglider was swept into a garage door of a house on linksman street in yanchep , perth , by a strong wind at approximately 3.30 pm on monday afternoon. kyle wittstock , 22 , died on monday afternoon after his paraglider crashed into a garage door. mr wittstock was taken to joondalup hospital by emergency services and was pronounced dead shortly after arrival , reported 9news. friends and family were quick to express their grief and shock over mr wittstock 's accident , with some unsure whether the footage they had seen on the news was his glider.
after years of negotiations , stephen king 's hit novel series the dark tower is on its way to big and small screens near you. the revered writer , who penned shawshank redemption and the shining , slammed warner brothers in 2012 for dropping plans to make a movie trilogy and tv mini-series. finally : stephen king has announced sony will be putting his ` magnum opus ' the dark tower in cinemas. these are just two of the eight novels which king spent over 40 years writing. the movie and tv version is said to mainly stem from the first novel , the gunslinger -lrb- left -rrb- , focusing on the lead character roland.
former chelsea winger florent malouda has picked his #one2eleven stars he played alongside throughout his career on sky sports ' fantasy football club. malouda , who won the barclays premier league in 2010 and 2012 champions league with chelsea , chose players from chelsea , guingamp and the france national team. watch #one2eleven every friday evening on the fantasy football club , sky sports 1 or catch up on demand. goalkeeper : petr cech. cech is the man for the big occasions and the big games. the last one was the -lrb- champions league -rrb- final in munich. florent malouda picked chelsea goalkeeper petr cech to start in between the sticks for his fantasy xi.
to look like kylie jenner. but , we are , after all , in the business of providing you , dear reader , with information about the news , events and trends that surround you. so please read on to learn more about this and other `` beauty '' trends inspired by the kardashians :. used to be , youtube would teach the kiddos how to put on eyeliner or style their hair like a favorite star. `` not only can significant pain , swelling , and bruising result from these suction techniques , but there is potential risk for scarring and permanent disfigurement with repeated attempts , '' engelman said.
imagine a future where humans are skiing on the surface of a distant moon and living in floating cities on venus - while earth lies in ruin. scroll down for video. artist frank mckeever from florida created these amazing posters. they show how we could colonise various worlds in the solar system. included are humans skiing on a moon of uranus and living in cities on mars. others show life on europa and near saturn - and a destroyed earth -lrb- shown -rrb-. the posters were created by artist and entrepreneur frank mckeever , 28 , from st augustine in florida and his colleague miranda.
a series of unpublished love letters from mexican artist frida kahlo to her lover jose bartoli are expected to fetch upwards of $ 120,000 when the passionate missives go up for auction later this. during her marriage to muralist diego rivera , frida penned the letters to jose , a catalan artist whom she met while she was recovering from surgery in new york. their steamy correspondence began shortly after she returned to mexico following the trip and continued throughout their secret three-year romance. ' i do n't know how to write love letters. scroll down for video. secret romance : mexican artist frida kahlo -lrb- pictured -rrb- wrote passionate love letters to jose bartoli from 1946 and 1949 while she was married to muralist diego rivera.
ed miliband 's poor leadership has been mocked by a labour candidate , who said it was like having ' a manager of a football team that you do n't rate , but you still support the team '. paul gilbert even joked that he hoped his ` off-piste ' comment would not ` find it 's way back ' to the labour leadership , because he stands little hope of winning in cheltenham , gloucestershire. ' scroll down for video. labour candidate paul gilbert mocked ed miliband and then joked that he hoped his ` off-piste ' comment would not ` find it 's way back ' to the labour leadership.
for 120 years it has been a great british institution , bringing world-class performances of classical music to the public. but now the bbc has been accused of dumbing down the proms -- by holding an ibiza-style dance party. this year 's proms will include a late-night concert hosted by dj pete tong , who will pay ` homage to ibiza and its infectious , energetic brand of club music '. veteran dance dj pete tong -lrb- left -rrb- will bring club classics to the royal albert hall for this year 's proms. it will take place on july 29 , coinciding with the 20th anniversary of radio 1 's broadcasts from ibiza , and will reinterpret ` club classics ' such as music sounds better with you by stardust and rhythm is rhythm 's strings of life.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- they come from more than 20 countries , drawn to libya as the funnel to europe. eritreans want to escape repression or military service ; somalis flee al-shabaab and clan warfare ; syrians have given up hope of returning home. motivations among the tens of thousands making the trek to the mediterranean coast are as many and varied as the nationalities involved , according to researchers and human rights groups. but in 2014 more than 80 % of them headed for the libyan coast as the easiest point of embarkation. from the horn of africa to the atlantic , from syria and gaza , these would-be migrants travel well-established smuggling routes.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- larry upright died just one day after hillary clinton announced she was running for president. and in his obituary , his family made just two requests : please donate to a children 's hospital , and please do n't vote for clinton. upright , a staunch republican , died monday at a north carolina hospital. `` in lieu of flowers , memorials may be sent to shriners hospital for children , '' his obituary reads. `` also , the family respectfully asks that you do not vote for hillary clinton in 2016. son michael upright said he knew his father would enjoy the request.
reading manager steve clarke and his players will rally round goalkeeper adam federici to help him get over his wembley gaffe. the australian blew his side 's chances of beating arsenal in saturday 's fa cup semi-final by spilling alexis sanchez 's shot into his own net in extra-time. alexis sanchez 's low shot squirmed agonisingly through the legs of adam federici in extra time. the ball rolled through his legs and slowly towards the goal line in the 106th minute of the game. federici tries desperately to stop the ball going over the line after it rolled through his legs and out of his grasp.
as he prepared for a european champions cup quarter-final showdown with saracens on sunday in paris , racing metro 's no 10 and irish icon reflected on his healthy habit. ` i 've been very lucky to have been part of some great sides with leinster and ireland , and there have n't been too many years that have gone by that i have n't been part of a side winning trophies , ' he said. there were league titles in 2008 and 2013 , heineken cups in 2009 , 2011 and 2012 , a challenge cup in 2013 , plus the test peaks -- six nations titles this year and last , and a lions series triumph in australia in 2013.
a 12-year-old boy has succeeded where many in the media have tried and failed by fearlessly cutting president obama off mid-ramble during a q&a session on thursday. osman yaya , 12 , from bennett middle school in salisbury , maryland , moderated a town hall session with the president on thursday. ` no. obama was at the anacostia library in washington for a ` virtual field trip ' with students to promote white house initiatives to make free e-books available to low-income students and to get cities to provide access to universal library cards. ` yeah. osman described the alex rider spy books and their gadgets and offered to lend obama some books.
it sat on a stark white block in a vast room that resembled a laboratory. welcome , then , to nu york , a city that bears no resemblance to the version depicted in friends and gossip girl and instead centres around a throbbing contemporary arts scene largely based in brooklyn and queens - the latter the beneficiary of a recent gentrification programme. it was all a far cry from iceland where i had begun my trip , courtesy of an icelandair wheeze that gives you the option of stopping off to see the sights of reykjavik and the spectacular golden circle for up to seven days en route to boston , anchorage , washington or , in my case , new york.
news reporters and advertisers have long enjoyed coming up with ever more cunning hoaxes on april fools ' day and today is no exception. this april 1 has seen products and advertisers outdo themselves in their attempt to grab attention and hoodwink consumers , all in the name of fun. here we bring you the best and most unlikely stories from around the web - and our inboxes. scroll down for video. the self-tanning shower valve ` enables a radiant glow to be achieved at the touch of a button ' the tanning shower. you might save time tanning but your hair will be ruined ... if only the digi-tan shower was real.
two firms exposed by the daily mail as selling private information are to be probed by the industry watchdog. b2c data sold our undercover reporters the financial data of 15,000 people -- including details about their pension pots , incomes and investments. the second firm -- data bubble -- supplied our team with health details on 3,000 patients -- such as whether they suffered from high blood pressure , arthritis or even bladder problems. the direct marketing commission said it would probe both companies over claims that they had breached the rules on the sale of private data. it confirmed it was ` formally investigating two companies following allegations in the daily mail that personal data was shared inappropriately and without the consent of users '.
former leeds captain trevor cherry has branded the six united players who withdrew at short notice from saturday 's match against charlton a ` disgrace ' and called for them to be sacked by the club. italian quartet mirco antenucci , giuseppe bellusci , dario del fabro and marco silvestri , frenchman souleymane doukara and albanian edgar cani all told beleaguered head coach neil redfearn they were injured and could not travel to london. according to the manager , silvestri had been rested since sustaining a knock but had been expected to recover , while antenucci and canu declared themselves unfit after training on thursday with the rest pulling out following a ` light ' session on friday.
` screaming in agony ' : ups driver tom ryan -lrb- pictured -rrb- lost a leg after getting crushed against his own truck by a car swerving to miss a jaywalker. a ups driver had one of his legs ripped off after being crushed against his own truck by a car which swerved to avoid a jaywalker. tom ryan , 40 , was struck by a toyota while making deliveries on staten island , leaving the hanging by a thread. ' mr ryan , a married father-of-two , was taken to staten island university before being transferred by air ambulance to the trauma unit at belleview hospital , fdny sources told the new york post.
the world 's best golfers gathered on the eve of the masters on thursday to take on a nine-hole course , often with their wives , girlfriends or kids as caddies , as part of the par 3 contest. tiger woods showed up to the event at the augusta national golf club in augusta , georgia , with his two children , sam , 8 , and charlie , 6 , and his girlfriend lindsey vonn , who was dressed in a floor-length , spaghetti strap gown , accessorized with diamonds and louis vuitton. scroll down for video. woods is no doubt thrilled to have his family and loved ones there as a support , as he has dropped out of the top 100 ranking.
dundee have vowed to stand by paul mcgowan after the bad boy midfielder was spared jail for a third assault on a policeman. but the dens park bad boy will miss two forthcoming games against former club celtic because he is under house arrest. and the dark blues face ronny deila 's night next wednesday night -- before a friday night trip to parkhead on may 1. mcgowan was handed his third conviction for assaulting a police officer at airdrie sheriff court. as a st mirren player he was sentenced to 130 hours of unpaid work and handed a one-year supervision order in january 2014 after admitting kicking two officers.
a book of songs used by the u.s. air force contains horrifying lyrics about rape , pedophilia and homosexuality. the unofficial 2012 paperback book was revealed by a plaintiff in a lawsuit filed by four sexual-assault victims who want to stop the practice of sexual assault allegations within the military being handled by commanding officers. sgt. jennifer smith , who said she was sexually assaulted by a fellow airman in iraq , brought forward the songbook and she had filed an administrative complaint over the book in 2012. a book of songs used by the u.s. air force contains horrifying lyrics about rape , pedophilia and homosexuality.
a florida mother has accused a school of threatening to suspend her five-year-old autistic son because of ` essential oils ' he wears to help combat his illness. jessica kemp from eustis says teachers at seminole county elementary warned they would remove kindergartner logan from class because the products , manufactured by doterra , smell and are a distraction to youngsters around him. scroll down for video. jessica kemp from eustis says teachers at seminole county elementary threaten to remove kindergartner logan from class because the oils smelled and were a distraction to youngsters around him. the 32-year-old puts the oil on his neck as she believes it keeps him calm and focused.
when eve addison developed a strange swelling in her collarbone after drinking gin and tonic , she assumed she must have an allergy. to her horror , tests revealed the 24-year-old was suffering hodgkin lymphoma - cancer of the lymphatic system. the most common symptom of hodgkin lymphoma is one or more painless swellings in the neck , armpit or groin. eve addison , now 24 , developed a strange swelling in her collarbone whenever she drank gin and tonic - and assumed she must have develoepd an allergy. but she became worried when switching brands failed to help - and she developed night sweats and a rash.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- a family trip to a nebraska zoo turned terrifying for one family after the gorilla they were looking at leaped toward the exhibit window , cracking it. kevin cave caught the incident on video that he posted on his reddit page. cave said when his family first arrived at omaha 's henry doorly zoo gorilla exhibit , he noticed one of the gorillas had a cut below his eye that was `` bleeding a little bit. then the gorilla -- named kijoto -- charged toward the window and smacked into it , he said. '' the group of male gorillas is known to have occasional skirmishes.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- it was n't until her 20s that fethiye cetin discovered her armenian ancestry. her grandmother , 90 years old at the time , told cetin that her real name was heranus. in a crowded reception before a memorial concert in istanbul this week , people rushed to greet fethiye cetin. dink was a strong proponent of reconciliation between turks and armenians who was tried for `` insulting turkishness. '' he was assassinated in 2007. she tells heranus ' story in an evocative memoir titled `` my grandmother. echoing throughout the procession were morbid whispers that the men and teenage boys had all been killed.
wladimir klitschko will match joe louis in boxing 's record books with his 27th heavyweight title fight on saturday and could set more marks since he has no plans to retire anytime soon. the 39-year-old ukrainian , speaking to reporters ahead of saturday 's fight against american bryant jennings at new york 's madison square garden , has dominated the heavyweight division for nearly a decade and shown no signs of slowing down. i do n't feel old , or bad , or slow , ' said klitschko , who has 17 successful defenses in a row since winning the crown for the second time in 2006.
was arrested and charged on thursday with lying to federal agents about his involvement with. islamic state militants fighting in syria , which has been documented on his facebook page. mohamad saeed kodaimati faced two counts of making false. saeed , who was born in syria and became a naturalized american citizen in 2008 at age 17 , is accused of making false statements during interviews. with the fbi and other us authorities at the us embassy in. ankara , turkey , in march , the justice department said. terror suspect : mohamad saeed kodaimati , 24 , a syrian national and naturalized us citizen , is accused of making false statements to the fbi about his involvement with syrian militants.
explorer sir ranulph fiennes has become the oldest briton to complete the punishing marathon des sables with just 13 minutes to spare. there were fears sir ranulph would not be able to finish the event after the 91km fourth stage , when he ran for more than 30 hours in temperatures topping 50c having had just one hour of sleep. scroll down for video. victory : sir ranulph fiennes has become the oldest briton to complete the marathon des sables in the desert. the veteran explorer has previously suffered two heart attacks and underwent a double heart bypass in 2003. ` in the second-to-last push of the race i was only just in time - by 13 minutes.
this gruesome video shows how a man popped a huge cyst in his arm with a needle , screwdriver and a pair of pliers. ' the man , known only as jason , uploaded the video to youtube of his unique way of popping a cyst - using a needle , a pair of pliers and a screwdriver. his sister-in-law then inserts the needle into the cyst and holds it in place with a pair of pliers as he winces. she then begins the horrifying process of hammering the needle deeper into the growth. dr arun ghosh , a private gp in liverpool , condemned jason 's method of popping his cyst with a needle , pliers and a screwdriver.
a telescopic tube that scans the lungs for cancer is being used by nhs doctors , cutting diagnosis time from days to just 30 minutes. when tumours in the lungs are suspected , patients can face a raft of tests and even surgery to find out if they have the disease , often resulting in an agonising wait before they start lifesaving treatment. now doctors at university college london hospitals nhs foundation trust -lrb- uclh -rrb- are able to start vital treatment much sooner using a single procedure. scroll down for video. a finger-width flexible tube called an endobronchial ultrasound -lrb- ebus -rrb- allows doctors to see inside the lungs and take a tissue sample in one go.
students , parents and staff at a melbourne high school are horrified after the discovery students have been drinking treated sewage water from a bubbler on campus for more than a year. in a letter sent to all parents during the school holidays , the principal of st peter 's college in cranbourne east , tim hogan admitted that ` class a ' recycled water had been inadvertently connected to an outdoor drinking fountain. the bubbler had been dispensing recycled water for 16 months -- from december 17 2013 until april 1 2015. unfortunately for students , ` class a ' recycled water is sewage that has been treated to a standard that 's safe for watering gardens , washing clothes and flushing toilets.
fbi director james comey has caused huge offense to a key u.s. ally by using language that suggested that poland was an accomplice in the holocaust. poles are waiting to see if comey would issue an apology -- something that had n't happened by late monday. polish foreign minister grzegorz schetyna said he expected him to say sorry so the matter can be settled. comey said last week , ` in their minds , the murderers and accomplices of germany , and poland , and hungary , and so many , many other places did n't do something evil. ' fbi director james comey , pictured at a news conference last month , has caused huge offense to a u.s. ally by using language to suggest that poles were accomplices in the holocaust.
children 's soft toys act as a reservoir for bacteria and bring germs into hospitals , scientists have warned. a team of researchers at vanderbilt university in tennessee explored how best to minimise the risk of infection after surgery. children 's toys could act as a reservoir for bacteria and bring germs into hospitals , scientists at vanderbilt university in tennessee , have warned. firstly , that current infection prevention methods are not effective. and secondly that there are alternative sources of bacterial exposure to the surgical wound. their study revealed that soft toys brought into the operating theatre by children served as a breeding ground for bacteria.
having struck his second shot 163 yards to within six feet of the pin , jordan spieth stood over his ball on the 18th green. spieth missed. he wheeled away , hopped a little , almost coltish in his frustration. he let henrik stenson play. spieth always does the sensible thing. jordan spieth walks off the 18th after carding a 66 to finish 36 holes at a 14-under 130. spieth leads charley hoffman by five strokes , matching the largest halfway lead in masters history. we may be watching a sporting phenomenon. a performance as breathtaking as tiger woods 's arrival in 1997.
after months of speculation - and years of her friends ' doubts - whole pantry founder belle gibson has admitted she never had cancer. with her business empire destroyed and her online community in tatters , gibson today admitted her fatal cancer ` diagnoses ' were lies. ` no. none of it is true , ' she said , during a series of interviews published in the latest edition of the australian women 's weekly. in the interviews - which questioned her relationship with the truth and her understanding of cancer - gibson said she was not seeking forgiveness. gibson 's confession was the first time she has spoken publicly since - under fire from furious former fans - she told daily mail australia she feared for her family 's safety.
the founder of bikram yoga , who has been accused of sexually assaulting multiple students , has said women love him so much he would n't need to rape them to get sex. speaking out for the first time since six women filed civil lawsuits accusing him of unwanted sexual advances , 69-year-old bikram choudhury strongly denied the accusations. ' choudhury , who pioneered the practice of working out in a room heated to 105f , has his name attached to 720 yoga schools in 220 countries. chelsea clinton , madonna and demi moore are among his followers. scroll down for video.
tiny babies are more sensitive to pain than adults , according to a study of infants ' brains which overturns the medical consensus. until now doctors have assumed that the brains of very young babies are not developed enough to feel pain. but the new findings , revealed by oxford university doctors , suggest that not only do babies feel pain , but their pain thresholds are even lower than those of adults. scroll down for video. research on infants ' brains by doctors from oxford university has found that young babies are more sensitive to pain than adults. it overturns the medical consensus that newborns have a high pain threshold -lrb- file picture -rrb-.
a 65-year-old schoolteacher is set to become the oldest woman ever to give birth to quadruplets. her latest pregnancy was the result of artificial insemination using both donated sperm and eggs. scroll down for video. annegret raunigk , a primary school teacher from berlin , will create medical history when she becomes the oldest mother of four in a single birth in the world. ms raunigk , who is in the 21st week of her pregnancy , said she was ` shocked ' when an ultrasound scan showed she was carrying quadruplets. her gynaecologist initially mentioned the possibility of a ` selective reduction ' , where one or more fetuses is aborted in a multi-fetal pregnancy , but she declined.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- by now , you probably have a position regarding the controversy over indiana 's religious freedom law. you applaud the growing chorus of companies blasting the law as an invitation for businesses to discriminate against gays and lesbians , using religion as a cover. whichever side you 're on , here are five things you might not have considered when thinking about this controversy. as the author of the 1993 federal religious freedom restoration act -lrb- rfra -rrb- , sen. chuck schumer is one who can offer clarity over the controversy surrounding indiana 's version of the law.
these images show a bizarre ritual in eastern india where villagers , including children as young as 10 , roast themselves above an open fire in the hope it will bring them good luck. revellers in the remote village in jharkhand state tie themselves upside down onto a wooden pole that hand hangs just feet above a raging fire. unusual : villagers , including children as young as 10 , roast themselves over the open fire in the hope it will bring them good luck. the annual fire festival lasts for 11 days and sees dozens of participants dangle over the flames while a hindu priest uses oil to stoke the blaze as he chants religious hymns.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- i 've been in disaster management long enough to know that there is really no one right way to mark the anniversary of a tragic event. more public safety officials throughout the route , a finish line area that prohibits large bags , national guard members in full uniform giving some sense of security -- those are the most obvious , visible changes. in the midst of that weeklong tragedy -- the bombings , the manhunt , the lockdown and eventual capture or killing of the tsarnaev brothers -- we thought we knew what was going on. some of these lessons learned are informed by the luxury of time and hindsight , others by various after-action reports and assessments , and others by the trial of dzhokhar tsarnaev , in which a jury found him guilty of multiple counts.
cheltenham town have two games to preserve their football league status - and manager gary johnson has revealed one of the techniques he is using to try and bring the best out of his players. when johnson took over as manager of the league two club on march 30 , he wrote ' i promise to do all i can to keep cheltenham town in the league ' on an a3 sheet of paper and asked his players to put their signature on it. cheltenham town manager gary johnson got every payer to pledge to give his all when he took over.
fifa has announced that football association chairman greg dyke has returned a # 16,000 watch he was given as a gift. dyke was given one of a limited edition of parmigiani watches by the brazilian fa during a fifa congress meeting in sao paulo during the world cup - with 65 handed out in goodie bags totalling more than # 1million. when the watches were recalled , dyke initially refused to hand his back having promised to donate it to the fa 's official charity partner , breast cancer care , so that it could be auctioned. but , with the threat of sanctions if he did not return the watch , fifa 's ethics committee has confirmed receipt of the item and has now closed proceedings on the matter.
delphi automotive has completed the longest automated drive in the us , travelling from san francisco to new york in the first coast-to-coast trip ever attempted by an automated vehicle. nearly 3,400 miles were covered with 99 percent of the drive in fully automated mode. scroll down for video. nearly 3,400 miles were covered with 90 percent of the drive in fully automated mode. along the way , the vehicle encountered complex driving situations such as traffic circles , construction zones , bridges , tunnels , aggressive drivers and a variety of weather conditions. the team collected nearly three terabytes of data -- about 30 percent of all of the printed material in the library of congress.
downton abbey creator julian fellowes is to give a unique insight into his inspiration for the period drama at the chalke valley history festival. the stellar bill also includes historian david starkey , best-selling novelist kate mosse , award-winning biographer claire tomalin , explorer sir ranulph fiennes , private eye editor ian hislop and neil macgregor , who recently announced he is to step down as director of the british museum. visitors to the festival , sponsored by the daily mail , will also be able to hear first-hand accounts from the last surviving british dambuster george ` johnny ' johnson , and battle of britain fighter pilot tom neil.
the leaders of britain 's seven main political parties went head-to-head in an unprecedented tv debate on thursday as the nation prepares for this year 's general election. prime minister david cameron , of the conservatives , narrowly topped the polls assessing who ` won ' the two-hour clash against six other parties in an unusual format for britain. crucially , 33 per cent of the 7.4 million viewers hailed cameron as ` the most impressive ' on the subject of the economy , which lies at the heart of each party 's campaign. but pollsters refuse to predict whether it will be cameron or the labour party 's ed miliband who takes the top job in an inevitable coalition after votes are cast.
of course , a few celebrity endorsements and a business partner with a little black book packed with a-list contacts does n't hurt. kylie gulliver , a former model and actress -lrb- with appearances on neighbours , offspring and winners and losers on her resume -rrb- from melbourne had been toiling away at her small leather brand for three years , before a very modern encounter - via instagram - changed her fortune. the 29-year-old 's brand elliott label is suddenly the hit of hollywood , and is adorning the backs of stars including kourtney kardashian , drew barrymore , cameron diaz and pop group grl.
after one of the warmest aprils on record , there will be a dramatic change next week with temperatures set to fall by around ten degrees. the plunge means britain will go from being hotter than turkey and ibiza to colder than moscow , stockholm and finland in a matter of days. it also threatens to cause a wet and miserable time for the thousands of runners taking part in sunday 's london marathon. scroll down for video. red sky in the morning , shepherd 's warning : forecasters predict that temperatures are set to plunge by 10c. people were making the most of the sunshine outside exeter cathedral before the arctic airmass arrives.
police were led to the site where stephanie scott 's remains were found by the family of her accused killer , it has been revealed. detectives were pointed to cocoparra national park north of griffith , nsw by the mother and brother of vincent standford - who has been charged with ms scott 's murder. police discovered the burnt remains of a woman 's body - who they believe is ms scott , 26 , - in bushland late around 5pm on friday afternoon , the night before the leeton school teacher was due to get married. scroll down for video.
tiger woods ended a week of speculation and debate over the state of his game by announcing on friday that he will play next week in the masters. the 39-year-old played an 18-hole practice round on tuesday at augusta national , and golf channel said he was seen on the practice range friday morning at the club. ' scroll down for video. woods announced on friday that he will be playing at the masters in augusta next week -lrb- above woods at the farmers insurance open at torrey pines on february 5 -rrb-. i 'm excited to get to augusta ' woods , a four-time masters champion , last competed at the farmers insurance open on february 5 at torrey pines when he walked off the course after 11 holes because of tightness in his lower back , and after another shockingly bad display of chipping.
the masters got underway at augusta national on thursday with rory mcilroy bidding to complete a career grand slam , while tiger woods is looking to rediscover his magic. but who are the wives and girlfriends that will be cheering the players on as they make their way round the famous course in georgia over the next four days ? here , sportsmail brings you the lowdown on a selection of the masters wags. rickie fowler has been dating bikini model alexis randock since last year and the 24-year-old caddied for him during the masters par three contest on wednesday. the american golfer was forced to defend the 24-year-old last week after she was accused of being a gold digger by an internet troll.
walters says that the former white house intern would be a ` run away success ' on the view , a network source tells daily mail online. scroll down for video. ever since their infamous interview in 1999 following the bill clinton scandal barbara walters has always believed monica got the short end of the stick in the court of public opinion and has tirelessly defended her on the show over the years. lewinsky recently participated in a 22-minute long ted talk that has made international headlines. during the speech , the 41-year-old former white house intern talked about ` the price of fame ' and redefined her story as the first victim of cyber-bullying.
hiroshi ueda , a photographer who worked as an engineer for camera company minolta , claims that he first invented the selfie stick in the 1980s. scroll down for video. hiroshi ueda , holding his extender stick for taking ` selfies ' which he patented in 1983 while working for minolta. after having his camera stolen by a child he asked to take their picture in the louvre museum in paris , he dreamed up a solution - an extendable stick with a tripod screw at the end. whether taking in a spectacular panorama , visiting a famous landmark or watching a concert ; the chances are your view has been ruined by a selfie stick on at least one occasion.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- five years ago , rebecca francis posed for a photo while lying next to a dead giraffe. the trouble started monday , when comedian ricky gervais tweeted the photo with a question. on the website rebeccafrancis.com , there are photos of francis with other animals , including a lion , which other twitterers responded to. '' -lrb- the locals -rrb- showed me this beautiful old bull giraffe that was wandering all alone. he had been kicked out of the herd by a younger and stronger bull. '' according to the giraffe conservation foundation , there are about 80,000 giraffes in africa , a decline of 60,000 in the past 15 years.
john truong thought he was helping his sister have a nice night out with her boyfriend. police arrested truong 's sister alyssa chang this week after she allegedly helped kidnap 2-year-old ronnie tran and his mother , with the child 's grandmother , 65-year-old vien nguyen. authorities say chang and nguyen incapacitated the child 's mother at her home in des moines , washington , bound her with plastic ties and then took the two to another home in fife. chang and the grandmother then took off the the toddler , leaving the mother locked in a cupboard. an amber alert was issued for the boy tuesday night , after the mother managed to escape and find help.
the final day of mercedes-benz fashion week australia kicked off with an explosion of colour in sydney on thursday. the art gallery of new south wales was transformed into a spectacular set designed by designer alice babidge and dressed with extravagant floral displays by eastern suburbs florist sean cook - aka mr cook flowers. scroll down for video. going out with a bang ! the final day of mercedes-benz fashion week kicked off in very colourful style with the romance was born show. spectacular : design duo luke sales and anna plunkett presented their new collection ` cooee couture ' at the art gallery of nsw.
nick clegg has been accused of blaming ` everyone but himself ' after making a series of excuses for the party 's disastrous poll ratings. in an interview , the lib dem leader listed a range of reasons why different groups of former supporters are ` p ***** off ' and have deserted the party since 2010. scroll down for video. collapse : nick clegg has told the economist there was a range of reasons why different groups left. pictures : the lib dem leader on the campaign trail in north west england on tuesday , april 7. blame game : but mr clegg has said none of them were to do with his policy making decisions.
former manchester united midfielder eric cantona has refuted claims he starred in a soft porn film , insisting you and the night is a ` piece of art '. the french film has a number of racy scenes , and at one point sees cantona on his hands and knees in just his underwear. but the 48-year-old is adamant it is not pornography. speaking at the laureus sports awards in shanghai , cantona said : ` porn ? no , it 's not porn. eric cantona was speaking to the media at the shanghai grand theatre prior to the laureus sports awards.
you do n't need to go to the african savannahs or the amazonian rainforests to find wild life - newcastle on a friday will do perfectly well. but if it 's real wild life you 're after , then a british safari is extraordinarily rewarding. miracle mammals : you can spot dolphins at cardigan bay - the dolphin capital of britain. this is the dolphin capital of britain. the miracle of a dolphin-sighting hits us humans at a profound level. mother and young travel together , large groups are frequent , and on occasions they swim in their hundreds. synchronised swimming on a different level.
police in argentina are hunting a family-of-six who crammed onto one motorbike before riding through the streets without helmets. they were spotted driving through the city of san miguel de tucuman in argentina 's north-western province of tucuman. people carrier : two adults and four children were pictured riding on the same motorbike in san miguel de tucuman , argentina. it comes just weeks after a similar pictured emerged of a family of seven riding on the same motorbike though the city of junin in argentina 's eastern province of buenos aires. ` they were going pretty fast and none of them had helmets.
richard attenborough 's possessions will be sold. they are mementoes of a brilliant career in movies , stretching from the tunnels of the great escape to the dinosaurs of jurassic park and gandhi 's vast crowd scenes. lord attenborough 's son michael , himself an acclaimed theatre director , said : ` the items reflect my father 's incredible career. ' lord attenborough made his big-screen debut in the 1942 film in which we serve , and was still acting more than five decades later when he appeared as eccentric boffin john hammond in steven spielberg 's jurassic park. the great escape : this photo of richard attenborough -lrb- front -rrb- and steve mcqueen is expected to sell for # 700.
kenya has bombed two al-shabaab camps in somalia in the first major military response to last week 's attack by the militant group on a kenyan university that left 148 people dead. air force jets blitzed compounds in gondodowe and ismail , both in the gedo region bordering kenya on sunday , a kenya defence forces source said today. cloud cover made it difficult to establish how much damage the bombings caused or estimate the death toll. kenyan army spokesman , colonel david obonyo , later said : ` the two targets were hit and taken out , the two camps are destroyed.
but according to a mother and daughter team behind this simple plastic device , it can achieve an angelina jolie-sized pout without resort to chemicals , needles or a hefty bill. at a recent party in london 's bulgari hotel gaggles of models crowded around the bathroom sink mirrors together , not to powder their nose ... but to suction their lips into the sort of look which is all the rage. apparently , the device works by creating a mini-vacuum while you suck on the apparatus , and this draws blood to the surface of the lips , which swell.
video footage of a creepy doll has been wreaking havoc on a string of paranormal enthusiasts around the world -- reportedly causing one british woman to suffer a heart attack. some reported flashing visions of ` mental institutions and treatment bordering on abuse ' and overwhelming feelings of anxiety. scroll down for video. video footage of peggy -lrb- pictured -rrb- has been wreaking havoc on a string of paranormal enthusiasts around the world -- reportedly causing one british woman to suffer a heart attack. one woman , who wishes to remain anonymous , even suffered an alleged heart attack after watching a video of mrs harris and peggy in a car together on march 16.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- on the morning of april 19 , 1995 , a man parked a rental truck packed with explosives in front of the alfred p. murrah federal building in oklahoma city. at 9:02 a.m. , the explosives detonated , killing 168 people , including 19 children. timothy mcveigh and terry nichols , former u.s. army soldiers , were convicted of the attack. mcveigh was executed in 2001 , and nichols is serving a life sentence. twenty years later , domestic terror threats range from white supremacists to eco-terrorists to anti-government extremists and radical separatist groups , according to the fbi.
a zoo is facing criticism from animal rights activists after an asian elephant died - 25 years after he sustained a leg injury while in captivity there. rama the elephant , who completed paintings with his trunk , died monday , oregon zoo officials announced on facebook. ` rama had experienced a sharp decline in mobility in recent weeks , an issue stemming from a 25-year-old injury to his left front leg , ' the zoo said in the post. scroll down for videos. missed : rama the elephant was euthanized this week at the age of 31 by oregon zoo officials.
there wo n't be many who can guess which barclays premier league player picked up my first 10-out-of-10 performance of the season this weekend. eden hazard ? well , he was brilliant but no. mesut ozil ? haha , dream on. my favourite player , michael carrick ? no , not even him. step forward leicester city striker jamie vardy. but he added class and quality to that workrate at west brom on saturday and i could n't fault him. leicester city striker jamie vardy celebrates scoring their late winner to keep their survival hopes alive. vardy was being criticised two years ago at leicester but now is a pivotal part of their team.
olympic champion alistair brownlee recovered from a fall to claim victory in his return to world triathlon series action in cape town. the 27-year-old , who missed the first three events of the season due to an ankle injury , sprinted away to beat rival javier gomez with frenchman vincent luis in third. brownlee led into transition at the end of the cycling stage but dropped off the leading group after being tripped due to contact with gomez. alistair brownlee won on his world triathlon series return in cape town after tripping during the run leg. brownlee told bbc sport : ' i knew i was n't that fit , i did n't have good legs to be honest , then javier tripped me up and i had to run back so the whole thing was tough.
demetrious johnson retained his ufc flyweight champion title on saturday night , controlling kyoji horiguchi for nearly the entire five-round bout before scoring the latest submission win in ufc history - tapping out his opponent with a second left. ' i did n't want to be stupid and get knocked out , ' johnson said. ' i had 25 minutes. ' demetrious johnson retained his ufc flyweight title with a win over kyoji horiguchi in montreal. johnson celebrates after a successful defence of his title at th bell centre in canada on saturday. the american secured a submission victory over horiguchi in the latest ufc pay-per-view event.
one new york-based teacher has found an incredibly fashionable and glamorous way to supplement his public school income , working as a model for some of the world 's top designers. but just a few months after landing the job , the six-foot , green-eyed brown university graduate was ` discovered ' on the subway by another model , who promptly asked whether he could send mr. pearce 's picture to his own modeling agency in the hopes of getting him signed up. '' ' soon after , mr. pearce , who was at the time teaching a summer school course and standing to earn $ 45,530 in the coming school year , signed a modelling contract with red nyc and started posing for designer lookbooks and walking in fashion shows in london and milan under the name sam worthen , a pseudonym taken from his mother 's maiden name.
a chilling new jihadi video has emerged on social media , showing a new militia of female jihadis firing machine guns and practising drills in syria. all of the women are fully veiled , making it hard to identify individuals but it is possible the group may be linked to islamic state. standing on their parade ground , the radical women are shown shouting jihad slogans and attempting to use their ak 47 rifles. scroll down for video :. the radical group of women boisterously shout religious slogans , praising islam and re-iterating their devotion to jihad. the women appear to struggle with the weight of their machine guns and make a number of basic rifle mistakes.
faith myers , 14 , from nebraska , was filmed by her mother as she woke in bed still ` high ' from the procedure 's anesthesia. the teen 's mood then takes a more sinister turn as she declares that she will ` bring out a shotgun ' if any boys come into her yard. caught on camera : faith myers , 14 , from nebraska , was filmed by her mother as she woke in bed still high from the procedure 's anesthesia. her mother then tells her to quite down.
dutch and canadian scientists asked nearly 100 men and women to fill in a questionnaire every time they spent at least five minutes talking to someone else. well digested : scientists have found people felt happier and more relaxed while eating at home or at work. on these occasions participants felt happier and more relaxed , whether at home , at work or elsewhere. one possible explanation is that chewing raises levels of the ` feel-good ' brain chemical serotonin. food for thought : the study found that people can talk about tricky subjects far easier over a meal. bosses and employees and also parents and children , might all find it easier to get on at the table while dinner may not be the best idea for a first date.
walter scott and his passenger were looking forward to having a cookout when he was pulled over and shot dead by a south carolina police officer , it has emerged. ` they were heading to walter scott 's house to eventually have a cookout that afternoon , ' said fulton 's attorney , mark peper. but as they returned home , their car was pulled over for a broken tail light in north charleston. scroll down for video. heartbroken : pierre fulton is ` torn up ' about the death of his friend , walter scott , on april 4 , his attorney has said.
four burly swedish cops put their new york city vacation on hold to answer the call of duty on a manhattan subway train last night. the friends were on their way to see les misérables on broadway , dna info reports , and rushed in to stop a brutal assault on a crowded rush-hour 6 train. we 're no heroes , just tourists , ' makrus Åsberg , a 25-year-old officer with the police uppsala , sweden , told the new york post. ` we 're no heroes , just tourists ' : the swedish cops -lrb- pictured left to right -rrb- erik näslund , 26 , samuel kvarzell , 25 , makrus Åsberg , 25 , and eric jansberger , 28 , said they were just answering the call of duty.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- when hong kong police answered a call in the early hours of a saturday morning last november , they encountered a grisly scene and an alleged crime that shocked the city. one woman was lying on the floor with cuts to her neck and buttocks. a former banker , 29-year-old briton rurik jutting , was charged with two counts of murder. on thursday , a court hearing that was to determine whether there was enough evidence to proceed to trial was adjourned until may. here 's what we know so far about the victims and their alleged attacker.
sergio ramos was the first man carlo ancelotti embraced at the final whistle of real madrid 's dramatic champions league win over atletico madrid on wednesday. asked after the game when it was that he had decided to move the defender forward into midfield to cover the absence of luka modric , he replied : ` the minute after i found out modric was injured '. ramos is one of those players for whom the old liverpool song about jamie carragher ` we all dream of a team of carraghers ' would be appropriate. he could play in every single position on the pitch.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- after years of making the case that the education of athletes is paramount , the ncaa now says it has no legal responsibility to make sure education is actually delivered. on its website , the ncaa prominently states , `` it 's our commitment -- and our responsibility -- to give young people opportunities to learn , play and succeed. '' but the ncaa is taking a very different position in response to a lawsuit filed by former university of north carolina athletes. the lawsuit claimed the students did n't get an education because they were caught up in the largest known academic fraud scandal in ncaa history.
kim richards is speaking out for the first time since her shocking arrest last week following a drunken altercation at the beverly hills hotel. the former child star turned real housewife discusses her demons in an emotional interview with dr. phil set to air april 28 , her first for a national audience since the arrest. none of this would have happened if i did n't drink. ' richards - who has been to rehab three times - was charged with with public intoxication , trespassing , resisting arrest and battery on a police officer and arrested at the beverly hills hotel last week.
naturalists in paradise : wallace , bates and spruce in the amazon. back in 1961 three young oxford graduates set off to explore the iriri river in a remote part of the amazon. the second , kit lambert , went on to manage the who. bird of paradise : a musician wren. more than 50 years on , that same fascination still shines out of every page of naturalists in paradise , the compelling story of an earlier trio of young british explorers. flooding could cause chunks of land , some of several acres , to come hurtling down the river , smashing everything in their way.
kathmandu , nepal -lrb- cnn -rrb- we came on a commercial flight to kathmandu. there was an aftershock this afternoon , so they were checking the runway for damage. the residents of kathmandu sure do n't. most buildings are not up to high construction standards. fallen : nepal 's historic landmarks. there 's some damage to houses and buildings , but it 's not as visual as the haiti earthquake -lrb- of 2010 -rrb-. the guests are in a big tent used for functions on the lawn. very soon , they will need shelter. temporary shelters have been put up , but very few -- 16 -- by the government.
a japanese bullet train has broken the speed record for rail vehicles by reaching 366mph -lrb- 589km/h -rrb-. the maglev train completed a test run on a track in yamanashi , beating the previous record of 361mph -lrb- 580km/h -rrb- set in 2003. another attempt is scheduled for tomorrow , and engineers at the central japan railway company predict it could reach 373mph -lrb- 600km/h -rrb-. scroll down for video. a japanese bullet train has broken the speed record for rail vehicles by reaching 366mph -lrb- 589km/h -rrb-. maglev trains use magnets to lift the carriages above the track. acceleration and deceleration far exceeds that of conventional trains.
sometimes , putting up a billboard just is n't quite enough - so a group of russian entrepreneurs have come up with a new way to get you message out : on the breasts of a beautiful woman. indeed , it has already caught the attention of one big company , which jumped at the chance to advertise its whoppers. cleavage : burger king has become one of the first big companies to take advantage of thi type of advertising. from the heart of russia : two companies now offer to write on a woman 's cleavage and take a snap.
a girl whose mother reached out on social media to find a movie goer offended by her daughters behavior has apologized to her victim on national television. lexy wood , the 13-year-old daughter of kyesha smith wood , told rebecca boyd that she is 'em barrassed ' by the way she acted when she disrupted a screening of cinderella in bessemer , alabama. she and her brother nick , 16 , were approached after the screening by mrs boyd , who said that her husband had just been laid off and the teenagers had ruined the last time she would be taking her daughter to the movies for a while.
mauricio pochettino might have given up hope of qualifying for the champions league , but harry kane wo n't hear any of it. the 21-year-old , who became the youngest premier league captain this season during the drab goalless draw against burnley on easter sunday , still retains belief they can gatecrash the top-four party. spurs are now seven points behind manchester city , who play crystal palace on monday night , with just seven games remaining. harry kane believes tottenham still have a chance of qualifying for the champions league this season. we start on saturday -lsb- at home against aston villa -rsb-.
mauricio pochettino says another campaign in the europa league will hamper tottenham 's hopes of breaking into the top-four. spurs ' chances of qualifying for next season 's champions league look over following poor results against burnley and aston villa. but the white hart lane club could yet secure another season in the europa league. mauricio pochettino believes europa league participation could hamper tottenham 's top four hopes. however , pochettino fears another year in the competition could have a detrimental impact on their hopes of entering europe 's elite club competition. ` the europa league is difficult. when you are a team like us , you play in the europa league and the premier league it is difficult to manage it.
the respected law professor from philadelphia now being investigated after allegedly emailing students a link to pornographic footage , was once a contestant on who wants to be a millionaire , it has emerged. lisa mcelroy , a 50-year-old drexel professor , appeared on the show in 2010 while it was still hosted my meredith vieira. and like her apparent march 31 email mishap , her game show appearance ended with a very public mistake. wishes she was a millionaire : drexel law profesor professor lisa mcelroy allegedly sent a link to a pornographic website to her students. in 2010 , she appeared on the tv game show who wants to be a milionaire.
a drug company has been accused of trying to block trials aimed at promoting a ` cheap , safe and effective ' treatment for sight loss on the nhs. it has ` bullied ' experts who have tried to prove that a cancer drug can be used to treat one of the most common forms of blindness , according to the bmj. drug company novartis has been accused of trying to block trials aimed at promoting a ` cheap , safe and effective ' treatment for sight loss which would save the nhs around # 102million a year. avastin is much cheaper and it is estimated that widespread use of the drug would save the nhs around # 102million a year.
aside from making a fighter jet lightweight , agile and astonishingly fast , engineers of one the world 's most advanced aircraft have another , more surprising issue to contend with : the moon. bae system 's typhoon is so accurate that even the movements of the tide can disrupt the jet fighter 's positioning and accuracy. to counteract even the slightest shifts in gravitational pull , experts must build the jet on ` floating ' concrete rafts that move in sync with the moon. the typhoon -lrb- pictured -rrb- is powered by two eurojet ej200 engines. ' this helps its ` fly by wire ' computer system to accurately control the aircraft , designed to be unstable but hugely agile.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- geography is , in part , destiny for italy : the country will always be a bridge between africa and europe , as the ongoing humanitarian crisis in the mediterranean so starkly shows. a surge of refugees this year , usually transported by smugglers on overcrowded vessels , has sought to reach europe via the libyan coast. a boatload of 900 migrants who embarked from libya are now feared dead in the latest sinking. over 10,000 were rescued off the coast of italy in the last week alone. european leaders are scrambling to deal with this emergency. many of the refugees involved in recent disasters come from some of italy 's former colonies in north and east africa , namely eritrea -lrb- occupied from 1890-1941 -rrb- and somalia -lrb- 1908-1941 -rrb-.
villagers from shandong province in eastern china have reportedly resorted to transporting natural gas in plastic bags. recent images show intrepid residents from lijin village in dongying city carry the explosive in bags as long as six metres on rickshaws , reported the people 's daily online. this reckless behaviour has been reported on as early as may 2011 in zibo city in shandong. an earlier undercover investigation by anhui satellite tv station shows that villagers in zibo have little understanding of the dangers , claiming it to be safe. unaware of danger : previous investigation discovered that residents had little understanding of the hazards.
what began as psychological torment , name-calling and humiliation turned into beatings so severe cifuentes feared for her life. one day , two men sent by her husband showed up at her house armed with a shotgun and orders to kill her. they probably would have succeeded , but after the first bullet was fired , cifuentes ' two sons dragged her inside. when she returned home , cifuentes ' husband continued his attacks and threatened to rape their little girl unless she left. that 's when the nightmare finally ended and her search for justice began. cifuentes ' case is dramatic , but in guatemala , where nearly 10 out of every 100,000 women are killed , it 's hardly unusual.
sarazen , hogan , player , nicklaus , woods , mcilroy. rory mcilroy could become just the sixth man to win the grand slam at augusta national on sunday , and while that represents the pinnacle of on-course achievement , he has designs on not just filling his trophy cabinet but becoming the true figurehead of his sport. that is the view of paul mcginley , europe 's ryder cup captain extraordinaire , who sums up the attitude in this neat way : mcilroy is no jose mourinho. winning at all costs and to hell with the consequences is just not his style , unlike chelsea 's ruthless manager.
i think i know the location of $ 20million worth of stolen art - i hope you have whatsapp. but that was the anonymous call that helped art sleuth christopher marinello , 53 , track down nine paintings including works by chagall and rivera stolen from an la mansion. scroll down for video. art detective christopher marinello has tracked down # 250million worth of stolen art including this 1920 henri matisse painting le jardin. ` he sent me images of the paintings via whatsapp and we set up a sting operation with the lapd and recovered nine of paintings which were stolen in broad daylight six years ago.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- it was like a scene out of `` make way for ducklings '' on tuesday on a rainy street in washington. cnn situation room correspondent brian todd and photojournalist khalil abdallah were on their way to interview a legal analyst on l street nw when they happened on a brood of baby ducks causing a stir. abdallah reports the ducklings and their mom had crossed heavily trafficked street , and some restaurant patrons stopped on the sidewalk to corral them. the mother duck followed the umbrella while pedestrians stopped cars on l street for them to safely cross the road.
deputy pm nick clegg said control of the department for education would be a key demand of any new power-sharing deal. the liberal democrats could seize control of the nation 's schools in a coalition deal to erase michael gove 's ` zany ' ideas from the classroom , nick clegg signalled today. mr clegg said he wanted to avoid a repeat of battling against the ` ideological gimmicks ' of mr gove , who was the first tory education secretary when the coalition was formed in 2010. mr clegg repeatedly clashed with mr gove over his education reforms , including tory plans to scrap gcses and a lib dem scheme to provide free school meals to under-7s.
philips has unveiled its latest foray into smart lighting which , thanks to its wireless and rechargeable features , can be moved wherever you want in your home. the dome-like hue go can be controlled wirelessly from any ios or android device via the philips hue app or any app developed for the lamp. scroll down for video. bowl of sunshine : the lamp uses a rechargeable battery and offers three hours of continuous light. when connected to the ` bridge ' , hue go can also be synced to music for a disco effect , as well as to television programmes , films and video games to create more of an atmosphere depending on the mood.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- the hillary clinton presidential campaign surely anticipated the coming wave of inquiries and criticism about conflicts of interest involving big foreign donors to charities run by the clinton family -- questions set to get a thorough airing in a new book called `` clinton cash : the untold story of how and why foreign governments and businesses helped make bill and hillary rich '' by peter schweizer , coming out may 5. according to the wall street journal , in 2014 the clinton foundation `` received money from the united arab emirates , saudi arabia and oman , among others.
libertarian icon rand paul has beefed up his campaign store ahead of his announcement this morning that he would compete for the republican nomination for president next year. ' scroll down for video. libertarian icon rand paul has expanded his campaign store to include an array of unconventional swag , including the ` rand on a stick ' item feature above , as he kicks off his presidential campaign. for $ 75 paul fans can own a throw rug featuring the kentucky senator. ' the freshman senator 's expansion of his campaign store to include ` paul for president ' items preceded an announcement this morning on the website that said : ' i am running for president to return our country to the principles of liberty and limited government.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- in her 40 years living in rochelle , illinois , cathy olson had never seen a tornado that big. farther north , in the rural illinois hamlet of fairdale , one person died as a twister shredded homes and ripped trees bare of leaves and most limbs. but in nearby kirkland , debris was so thick on the roads , responders searching for trapped residents could not yet assess the damage or injuries , fire officials said. multiple tornadoes ripped through the rural midwest on thursday. a large and dangerous twister tore across fields in iowa. eight tornadoes were reported wednesday in oklahoma , kansas and missouri , the storm prediction center said.
the picture of a 101-year-old arizona woman cradling her new-born great-granddaughter spanned four generations of the same the family in one photograph and captured the hearts of millions. posted to facebook two weeks ago , the loving image of rosa camfield and baby kaylee became an online sensation before it was announced that rosa had sadly passed away on monday. speaking to daily mail online , rosa 's granddaughter , sarah hamm , 33 , detailed her grandmother 's life from tumultuous youth in the depression era , to a difficult divorce in the 1950s and all the way to her third marriage - to her childhood sweetheart - in her 80s.
no matter whether you pay for first class , business or economy , sometimes the best part of a flight is enjoying the breathtaking views at take-off and landing. colourful landscapes , snowcapped mountains and dazzling city skylines unfold below and passengers can sit back and enjoy their chosen destination from a different perspective. pilots give their insider tips on where passengers should sit to get the best view of their destination on arrival. many people are so eager to get to their destination that they do n't realise their best views of their holiday spot can be seen on the way in or out.
various types of renewable energy such as solar and wind are often touted as being the solution to the world 's growing energy crisis. but one researcher has come up with a novel idea that could trump them all - a biological solar panel that works around the clock. by harnessing the electrons generated by plants such as moss , he said he can create useful energy that could be used at home or elsewhere. a university of cambridge scientist has revealed his green source of energy. he said panels of plant material could power appliances in our homes. and the technology could help farmers grow crops where electricity is scarce.
sir bruce forsyth has spoken out in favour of assisted dying , saying that watching his first wife suffer with dementia has convinced him he wants to ` die with a bit of dignity left '. sir bruce 's first wife , penny calvert , was moved into a care home with dementia in 2008 , and he visited regularly to help care for her until her death last year. scroll down for video. sir bruce forsyth has said that sometimes it can be ` more cruel to do nothing ' than to let someone die , as he spoke out today in support of assisted dying.
with his infinite supply of supercars , private jets and beautiful women , billionaire businessman tony toutouni is threatening to become the new king of instagram. his outrageous posts , which have seen him amass 750,000 followers in eight months , are threatening to steal him the king of instagram crown from his friend and fellow super-rich playboy dan bilzerian. scroll down for video. the new king of instagram ? tony toutouni has amassed a huge following on the photo-sharing website thanks to his outrageous extravagance. surrounded by women : the billionaire businessman appears to spend much of his excessive life in the company of stunning women.
a tortoise has been reunited with his owner after spending nearly a year on the run and even finding a new home - at the age of 109. owner wendy stokes , 74 , had given up hope of ever seeing toby again after he escaped from her garden 11 months ago. reunited : wendy stokes , 74 , is delighted to have 109-year-old toby back after his escape 11 months ago. he wandered through a gate in her garden and headed for the open road where he was picked up by a passing driver concerned for his safety and taken to a nearby animal rescue centre.
an electric change of pace propelled odds-on favourite tryster to a three-quarter length success in the feature coral easter classic as his godolphin stable dominated # 1.1 million all weather finals day at lingfield. the four-year-old , ridden by william buick , beat complicit to complete a 22-1 treble for his trainer charlie appleby. he had earlier been successful with pretend -lrb- buick -rrb- in the unibet sprint championship stakes and four seasons -lrb- adam kirby -rrb- in the 32red three-year-old mile championship. jockey william buick predicted great things to come from the winter derby winner. buick predicted a big future back on turf for tryster , whose previous four wins during the aw season included the winter derby.
after drawing praise for india 's operation to rescue around 2,000 nationals by air and sea from war-hit yemen , minister of state for external affairs v.k singh , who is spearheading the rescue exercise , found himself in the thick of a controversy over an unsavoury remark made against the media. the former army chief is currently staying in djibouti for over a week spearheading operation rahat. '' gen. singh tweeted last night in response to a channel quoting him saying that he found the evacuation assignment less exciting than his recent visit to the pakistan high commission on the occasion of pakistan 's national day.
doctors who treated brain cancer sufferer ashya king in britain yesterday accused the boy 's parents of putting his life at risk when they refused to let him have chemotherapy. dr wilson , clinical director for child health at southampton general hospital , claimed the chemotherapy was essential to reduce the chances of the five-year-old 's cancer returning. scroll down for video. and in an interview on radio 4 's today programme he complained of the ` vitriol ' to which he had been subjected as a result of the case , saying : ` i personally received a letter from a person who said they wished my children got cancer and died.
experts say snacking is an important way to control hunger ; and while we would like to think we reach for something healthy like carrot sticks , raisins or a handful of almonds , more often than not it 's salty crisps , sweet biscuits or cheap chocolate that we tend to munch on. but why exactly do we snack ? and if we knew what the triggers were , would we be able to stop ourselves from reaching for unhealthy foods ? scroll down for video. femail has worked with dietitian lucy jones from the almond board of california to study snacking habits in the uk and identified three tribes of snackers : snack amnesiacs , situational snackers and super snackers.
sick of awkward father-daughter portraits ? well one photographer has found an effective - if a little odd - way of making them more interesting. the images are from the 37-year-old 's latest book which roughly translates into daughter and salary man. ' salary man may refer to the choice of clothing in the shoot which sees each dad in a sharply dressed suit. the images see the fathers pull energetic poses despite their age with some of the expressions of the older fathers looking slightly pained. each photograph sees the daughter wearing casual clothing with her father in a sharp suit.
fed up with facebook , or coming to realise , in the words of david cameron , ` too many tweets might make a t ** t ' ? it may be time to consider a short , sharp trip to the suburbs of beijing. formed in 2006 , the daxing internet addiction treatment centre -lrb- iatc -rrb- has so far welcomed 6,000 mostly young , mostly male patients -- and claims to have ` cured ' 75 per cent of them. scroll down for video. hooked up : with wires hanging from his head , a young boy undergoes electroencephalogram scans to measure brain activity.
if you 've managed to so far miss out on the addictive , award-winning netflix juggernaut which is house of cards , you 'll probably just remember robin wright as the actress who played jenny , tom hanks ' bohemian childhood sweetheart , in forest gump. they met in 1989 just year after he split with madonna , had their first child two years later , and spent the best part of two decades in perceived marital bliss. but by personal choice , robin 's acting career is one that dwindled rapidly after her golden globe nominated performance in the film which cemented the mega-star career of her co-star hanks.
maate , it 's the biggest bogan in straya ! this is the image of the big bogan statue that the bogan shire council is aiming to erect in the town of nyngan to honour the aussie icon - and hopefully draw in the crowds. the man behind it all is graeme burke who is the manager of engineering services for the council and this is his design for the statue. this is how graeme burke envisages the ` big bogan ' statue will look like. mr burke said the 3.6-metre statue would show a ` bloke ' wearing shorts , thongs and a singlet with a fishing rod and a tuckerbox.
jeremy scott 's spring/summer 2015 collection for moschino caused an insta-stampede , nearly breaking the internet when he sent human barbie dolls down the catwalk. as the ultimate dictator of trends , it seems that we may all be wearing bright pink leathers and super girly dresses this season. but does the look work in real life ? and will you garner attention for the right reasons ? weighed down by eyelashes , olivia phillips , 30 , a journalist at emirates woman , decided to find out by taking to the streets of dubai dressed like the iconic doll. weighed down by eyelashes , olivia phillips took to the streets -lrb- and supermarkets -rrb- of dubai dressed as the iconic doll.
john mayer , russell brand - there are certain types of men women know are bad bets but fall for anyway and even bright women like katy perry and jennifer aniston are n't immune. all of the behavioural traits below are danger signs , offering six crucial clues to spot the dysfunctional people most likely to break your heart. scroll down for video. tracey cox provides advice on whether he loves you or will break your heart. 1. how ` in touch ' with themselves are they ? are they aware of their character and personality faults ? do they know their strengths ? they do n't have to have spent the last decade on a therapist 's couch to have done some soul-searching.
timothy mcveigh considered the bombing of the oklahoma city federal building 20 years ago a failure because the structure was still standing after the blast that killed 168 people. mcveigh also viewed himself as a ` paul revere-type messenger ' and even suggested his defense team should receive $ 800,000 from the government , according an archive of documents donated by the convicted bomber 's lead attorney. the estimated one million pages of paper documents from stephen jones now fill 550 file cabinet-sized boxes at the briscoe center for american history at the university of texas. scroll down for video. timothy mcveigh -lrb- right -rrb- is escorted from the noble county courthouse in oklahoma by fbi agents in 1995.
snooker star ronnie o'sullivan has revealed what goes through his mind while he 's waiting for his opponent to finish at the table - and it 's usually whether he will make it to dinner or not. ` the rocket ' is widely regarded as one of the most naturally talented players in history , although he has openly questioned his commitment to the sport during a career that has brought him five world championship titles. ronnie o'sullivan relaxes with a cuppa while waitingfor his turn at the 2015 dafabet masters. o'sullivan is forever sports ' may cover star. ` in snooker if you 're not at the table , you 're sitting in the chair and there 's nothing you can do.
when you 're a barbie girl in an instagram world , life in plastic is n't just fantastic - it also gets you more than 730,000 followers. since barbie 's style instagram account launched last august , swarms of fashion lovers have become fans of her ` official style feed ' , watching as the mattel icon models an impressive collection of barbie clothes that even includes pieces by top designers. pretty popular : barbie 's style-centric instagram account , @barbiestyle , is painstakingly planned - and now has three quarters of a million followers. wow-worthy wardrobe : barbie has ` thousands ' of pieces , most of which are one-of-a-kind and made especially for her instagram account by the brand 's director of design.
an 11-year-old hearing-impaired boy from oklahoma has his younger sister to thank for saving his life after a pack of vicious rottweilers mauled him over the weekend. elijah mckenna suffered two wide , bloody gashes on his back of his head and numerous deep bite marks all over his face and body after his neighbor 's three dogs attacked him near his grandmother 's home in moore , oklahoma , saturday. but the child 's family say if it were not for elijah 's fearless 9-year-old sister , alyssa , the special-needs boy most likely would have been dead. scroll down for video.
injuries : the exploding phone caused injuries so deep that doctors could see hanghang 's jawbone. a 12-year-old in central china was seriously injured when his phone exploded while it was charging. the boy , known only as hanghang , was using the old handset as an alarm when he woke up early for school and started to play with it. he said the phone felt hot and then blew up in his face , exposing part of his jawbone and embedding fragments in his arms and legs. ' hanghang , from pingdingshan city , in the henan province , told reporters at people 's daily online that when the explosion happened he did n't dare tell his parents and called the ambulance service himself following the accident last week.
after a night of drinking there may be parts of an evening you forget - or moments you wish you could erase from your memory. called flashgap , all photos and videos taken using the app are added to a hidden album that only becomes visible the following day. the flashgap app -lrb- pictured -rrb- is free for ios and android devices. photos and videos taken on the app disappear into a hidden album after three seconds and only appear at midday the day after the event. all attendees of the event can see this album , and users can only delete photos they took themselves.
barcelona star neymar feels his team 's champions league tie with paris saint-germain will prove a real footballing ` spectacle '. the brazil international is expecting more fireworks following barca 's win over barclays premier league champions manchester city in the last 16 of the competition. barcelona and psg meet on april 15 in the french capital , and neymar told samba foot : ` it will be a great game between two great teams with excellent players. barcelona star neymar feels his team 's champions league tie with psg will prove a real ` spectacle ' neymar pictured during training with barcelona on saturday as they prepare for celta vigo on sunday.
the premier league returns this weekend after the fourth interruption this season for international fixtures , leaving managers hoping their players have returned with a clean bill of health. premier league sides have already had to resume their season after international breaks in september , october and november 2014. premier league leaders chelsea have won all three of their matches following the international break. everton lead the post-international premier league table with three wins from three after the break. however six premier league clubs are still chasing their first win after an international break this season , so who has been the best at managing this transition ? sportsmail examines this through a modified premier league table that takes in only results immediately after international resumptions.
the 25-year-old cousin of princes william and harry embraced the sports luxe trend as she navigated the concrete jungle with a friend. the british royal , who is currently working in new york , looked casually chic in a charcoal leather-trim coat and nike hoodie , which she pulled over her short , dark tresses. scroll down for video. she showcased her toned legs in a black mini dress , which she wore with on-trend over-the-knee boots. shielding her eyes from the springtime sun with tortoiseshell sunglasses and toting a brown quilted studded leather bag by rebecca minkoff , princess eugenie laughed and joked with her female friend.
the school exam season is nearly upon us ; cue a nerve-jangling few months for parents and children alike. at best , students get jittery , at worst , their actual grade can be affected. a new survey by academics at lancashire 's edge hill university and the university of south australia has charted a direct link between anxiety and performance , saying pupils who worry about their exam performance are more likely to do badly than those who are less anxious. countdown to the exam season : a new study by lancashire 's edge hill university found a direct link between anxiety ahead of taking exams and grades achieved.
one of hollywood 's most respected prs claimed that the oscars judges did not want to give 12 years a slave the best picture award because it was not patriotic enough to america. according to hacked sony emails , peggy siegal said that the voting panel objected to having a british director paint their country in a bad light. the emails also reveal that a hollywood blockbuster of dr who is in the works - but not for a few years. scroll down for video. controversial : a hacked sony email revealed respected hollywood pr peggy siegal believed the oscar voting panel did not want 12 years a slave to win because it was not patriotic enough towards america and were concerned a victory for british director steve mcqueen -lrb- right -rrb- would paint the us in a bad light.
brighton holds the ultimate fantasy for fans of the lewis carroll classic , with not one but two alice in wonderland themed houses to stay in. the wonderland house in brighton sleeps up to 24 , with tea party sets , queen of heart themed bunk beds , or alternatively try the snug looking glass cottage with décor inspired by the fantasy story. scroll down for video. the chairs are shaped like teacups with plush cushions for comfort. jacqueline martin , 37 , said she sourced the wallpaper online by getting inspiration from sites like pinterest. every inch of the wonderland house is creatively designed to reflect the fantastical story.
especially these mothers and fathers , who have projected their geeky interests onto their slumbering newborns in a series of adorable photographs. art and photography community , boredpanda have created a thread encouraging parents to showcase their ` true nerdy colours ' by dressing their babies up as sci-fi characters , like princess leia from star wars. another baby is dressed up as widely-recognisable nintendo character mario , complete with tiny dungarees , the red flat cap and even a fake felt moustache. one sleeping newborn is sporting a completely knitted wonder woman costume. art , design and photography community boredpanda has created a thread encouraging parents to upload cute images of their babies showcasing their parents ' ` true nerdy colors.
the antigua test , of course , will be his 100th , and he needs only four wickets -- a morning 's and evening 's work with two new balls , perhaps ? -- to go past ian botham 's england record of 383. a few themes recurred : jimmy would n't say boo to a goose ; he surprised his new lancashire colleagues by bowling fast and shaping it away ; he was a natural. james anderson needs just three wickets to go level with sir ian botham as england 's top test wicket taker. anderson -lrb- back , second from left -rrb- ` would n't say boo to a goose ' says his old county captain warren hegg.
but that was the case for one bear while hunting salmon in the brooks river , which runs through the katmai national park , in southern alaska. scroll down for video. fish supper : a bear hunting salmon in alaska eyes up his dinner as a fish leaps straight at him while swimming up stream in order to reach its breeding grounds. staring at defeat : this salmon 's number appears to be up as it comes face to face with a hungry bear along the brooks river in the katmai national park , alaska. as close as it gets : as the two creatures come face to face , it looks as if the bear is about to enjoy the most hassle-free meal of its life.
the world 's last surviving male northern white rhino - stripped of his horn for his own safety - is now under 24-hour armed guard in a desperate final bid to save the species. sudan is guarded day and night by a group of rangers who risk their lives on a daily basis as they try to keep the rhino from poachers lured by the rising price of ivory. scroll down for video. guard : the rangers keep an armed watch around sudan at all times to deter poachers after his horn. hungry : feeding time in sudan 's enclosure - he spent most of his life in a czech zoo.
one diner found her meal had extra crunch this week when she found 50 pearls inside the baked oyster she was feasting on. toni elliot , 53 , thought she had hurt a tooth when she sat for dinner at puckett 's boat house in franklin , tennessee , on thursday. however , when she spat out the mouthful she was chewing she discovered a pearl in the palm of her hand. scroll down for video. not what i ordered : toni elliot , 53 , -lrb- right -rrb- found her meal had extra crunch this week when she found 50 pearls inside the baked oyster she was feasting on at puckett 's boat house in franklin , tennessee.
the solution ? call in the dogs ! the appropriately named mark doggett has trained his two animals to sniff out the destructive fungus in old houses where it can hide in places a person would miss. mr doggett gave up a ten-year career in construction after hitting on the idea to set up a business using the animals ' sense of smell , which is said to be up to a million times better than that of humans. skilled : meg and jess , pictured with mark doggett , were trained for six months to sniff out dry rot. on the case : four-year-old border collie meg gets down to work sniffing out the destructive fungus.
lionel messi has confirmed he is to be a father again after posting a picture of his pregnant wife on social media. messi took to instagram to post a picture of his son , thiago , kissing his wife antonella roccuzzo 's stomach with the message : ` waiting for you baby. lionel messi posted a picture on his instagram account of his wife having her stomach kissed by their son. the couple are reported to have settled on the name benjamin -- the same name his good friend and international team-mate sergio aguero picked for his son. messi and roccuzzo 's first son , thiago , was born in november 2012 and the barcelona superstar has his handprints tattooed on his calf.
while being white , blonde and an attractive anglo-saxon should n't ensue judgement , according to ellie laing , sbs news reporter , it does come with a barrage of unfair perceptions. in an article by the australian written on monday , jim carroll , the news and current affairs director of sbs , was reported to be taking a more ` commercial ' approach to the network by hiring ` good-looking , female , anglo-celtic ' journalists. ` never mind the fact that i work damned hard ' : sbs reporter ellie laing has launched a scathing attack on an article in the australian that suggested she and other journalists were hired for being young , white and female.
two-time formula one world champion lewis hamilton has opened up about the meaning behind his tattoos during an interview with lifestyle magazine men 's health. the mercedes racer , who leads the drivers ' championship after two races of the 2015 season after finishing first and second , features on the front cover of the may edition of the popular health publication. lewis hamilton poses for the latest edition of men 's health magazine released on thursday april 2. hamilton looks to the skies as he shows off some of his tattoos as he explains the meaning behind them. the two-time formula one champion features on the front cover of the new issue.
the kevin pietersen camp have scored a comprehensive win in the pr battle with the england and wales cricket board without calling on any outside assistance. but agent adam wheatley , co-founder of the company with sir ian botham , insists that everything has been done in-house since the brief involvement of former sun editor david yelland during kp 's supposed reintegration into the england team in 2012. kevin pietersen scored 170 for surrey in the parks as he bids to earn a recall to the england squad. ' wheatley , once on the same grimsby town board as new ecb chairman colin graves , added : ` colin 's words about kp 's future england chances have been interpreted in different ways but we believe there 's a clean slate.
paypal said that the devices -lrb- stock image pictured -rrb- would be powered by stomach acid and include mini computers. paypal is developing a new generation of edible passwords which stay lodged in your stomach to let you log in. jonathan leblanc , the company 's top developer , said that the devices would be powered by stomach acid and include mini computers. mr leblanc , the global head of developer evangelism at paypal , said in a presentation called ` kill all passwords ' that he wants to ` put users in charge of their own security '. edible capsules could check the person 's glucose levels or blood pressure before beaming out encrypted data , the wall street journal reported.
ly , then 13 , was separated from her mother and two of her sisters who , along with virtually the entire population of phnom penh -- about two million people -- were sent on a forced march into the countryside to work. but about 20,000 people died from execution , starvation or exhaustion during this exodus at gunpoint , according to war crimes prosecutors ; the others were subjected to slave labor in rural camps once they reached their destination , where many met similar fates. the urban evacuation marked the first phase in the khmer rouge 's revolutionary program of social engineering , intended to establish a new order -- free of money , family ties , religion , education , property and foreign influence.
just knowing that for half the year you can take a dip in the med after work , or sip rosé on the terrace of a seafront restaurant as the sun sets must be like living in a perpetual mr benn adventure , where you enter the fancy dress shop , trade your suit for a sundress , and walk through the magic door to a beach party. if you ca n't wangle living there full-time , then barcelona must surely be a top contender for the best city break destination. an overview of barcelona , the city of contrasting art and architecture with a handy beach alongside it.
liam treadwell has been booked for the ride on michael scudamore-trained monbeg dude in saturday 's crabbie 's grand national. treadwell won the race on venetia williams-trained 100-1 shot mon mome in 2009. the ride on former welsh national winner monbeg dude was available because his two regular jockeys , tom scudamore and paul carberry have already got rides. liam treadwell - pictured after winning the grand national in 2009 - has been booked to ride monbeg dude. scudamore rides soll for his boss david pipe and carberry , who rode monbeg dude to be seventh in last year 's national , is on gordon elliott 's cause of causes.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- britain 's prince harry arrived monday in australia , where he 'll be spending four weeks with the country 's military. before reporting for duty , the 30-year-old prince visited the australian war memorial in canberra , the capital , paying his respects at the tomb of the unknown australian soldier. some snapped photos of the royal visitor , while one boy held a sign celebrating the prince 's hair color : `` red heads rule ! '' during his time down under , harry `` will work and live alongside colleagues in the australian army in a number of regiments in sydney , darwin and perth , '' the australian defence forces said last week.
scientists at a polish company that produce body armour systems are working to put a ` magic liquid ' that can harden on impact in their products. the liquid is called shear-thickening fluid -lrb- stf -rrb- , and instantly hardens upon impact at any temperature. in a ` liquid armour ' this provides protection from penetration by high-speed projectiles and additionally dispersing energy over a larger area. the liquid is called shear-thickening fluid -lrb- stf -rrb- , and does not conform to the model of newtonian liquids , such as water , in which the force required to move the fluid faster must increase exponentially , and its resistance to flow changes according to temperature.
a hilarious manufacturing mistake means some police officers will have the word ` police ' written upside down on their uniforms. the error was spotted during a hampshire constabulary training course in hamble near southampton. error : a hilarious manufacturing mistake means some police officers will have the word ` police ' written upside down on their uniforms -lrb- pictured -rrb-. three tops in total were sent to the force but one member of staff decided to return the faulty garment. chairman of the hampshire police federation burst out laughing when he saw the uniform and posted a photograph of it online.
inter owner erick thohir had warned both sets of players before the game that the ` eyes of the world ' would be fixed on the 214th derby della madonnina. a goalless first half had produced the odd burst of quality , but little intensity. former chelsea defender alex sees his attempt blocked by inter keeper samir handanovic , in one of the game 's few clear-cut chances. philippe mexes thought he had scored an own goal , as did his keeper diego lopez , but it was ruled out and the game remained goalless. suso steps away from inter forward rodrigo palacio as both sides showed endeavour , but very little quality.
they already have a fearsome reputation as the top predator of their time , but it seems the tyrannosaurs were also prone to eating each other. a new study has uncovered evidence that a relative of tyrannosaurus rex , called daspletosaurus , may have indulged in cannibalism. paleontologists have found bite marks on the fossilised skull of a juvenile daspletosaurus , which lived around 75 million years ago. while some of the injuries appear to have been sustained during combat with other tyrannosaurs , others appear to have occurred after death. the scientists believe that another daspletosaurus , which could grow to nine metres -lrb- 30ft -rrb- as adults and weigh up to four tons , fed on the youngster 's body.
ed sheeran surprised a fan in hospital for her birthday after she had to give up her tickets to his concert when she was diagnosed with cancer. the british singer , who is currently touring new zealand , took time out of his schedule over the weekend to help jess knight celebrate her 20th birthday in auckland hospital. so humble and down to earth , ' ms knight told daily mail australia. scroll down for video. ed sheeran , who is currently touring new zealand , took time out of his schedule over the weekend to help jess knight celebrate her 20th birthday in auckland hospital.
however , a recent excavation of a cave in the foothills of the pyrenees mountains in spain is suggesting our ancient cousins , the neanderthals , were more in tune with nature. archaeologists have discovered evidence that neanderthals regularly inhabited the cave of llenes , near senterada in catalonia , around 200,000 years ago but were not alone. the fossilised remains of badgers were found in old dens within the cave alongside neanderthal camps. the remains of other canivores including cave bears , hyenas , leopards , wolves and badgers have been found in the cave and were apparently also living there.
celebrity chef matt kemp 's anger management issues cost him his first marriage and his business. scroll down for video. the extent of matt kemp 's rage is seen during an episode of sbs 's heat in the kitchen , which was broadcasted in 2004. kemp is pictured here with his fiancee , christie webber , who is marrying at the end of the year. ' looking back , kemp says he regrets treating his ex-wife that way. you say things in the heat of the moment that you do n't even think about until someone catches it on tv , ' he told daily mail australia.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- a photo of a baby boy being pulled from the rubble of the nepal earthquake has become the defining image of a disaster that has devastated the country. his tiny face is coated in dust from the debris that crashed around him as the earth shook on saturday , april 25 , killing more than 5,000 people and injuring at least twice as many more. on saturday , sonit was at home in muldhoka , bhaktapur , east of the capital kathmandu , when the 7.8-magnitude quake sent tremors through nepal and neighboring countries , according to kathmandu today.
the man widely considered the leading referee in the world will be in charge of the richest fight of all time. kenny bayless has the honour of being the third man in the ring with floyd mayweather and manny pacquiao on may 2. referee kenny bayless -lrb- left -rrb- holds back floyd mayweather during his fight against marcos maidana. bayless breaks up the tension between mayweather -lrb- right -rrb- and maidana during their bout in september 2014. manny pacquiao conducts a training session after his morning jog in los angeles on tuesday. pacquiao is watched by a group of fans who gather to see their man in action ahead of the super-fight.
the family of a former civil servant have spoken of their fury after he left his # 1million estate to turkish carer nermin kancefer -lrb- above -rrb- , who he met just 14 months before he died. the family of a former civil servant have spoken of their fury after he left his # 1million estate to a turkish carer he met just 14 months before he died. dennis sears changed his will to leave everything to live-in home help nermin kancefer months after she moved in to his # 615,000 flat. his family claimed the carer exploited the ` vulnerable ' childless widower , who had parkinson 's disease and was in poor health.
famed for phenomenal cuisine , majestic rural landscapes and vibrant cities , vietnam offers an undisputed sensory overload. the flash pack 's lee thompson captured this man with scores of live chickens in weaved baskets this month in sapa , vietnam. in this series of images from a single 14-day trip , he photographs a man casually puffing on a cigarette and carrying what looks like more than 20 live chickens in woven cages perched on the back of his scooter in sapa , vietnam. in vietnam alone there are more than 37 million motorbikes or scooters , most definitely the vehicle of choice in traffic that would make western country 's peak hours look tame.
a young accountant fell down a 70ft cliff to his death when he ran from a taxi to avoid paying the fare. mr phillips had caught the cab home after a night out with friends in december -- but did n't have enough cash to pay for it. an inquest heard he ran from the driver , who gave chase at the seaside town of penarth , south wales. cabbie dave sidaway told the inquest : ` i stopped because i could n't see where i was going. ' jacob phillips , 23 , was found dead at the end of the disused northern promenade , a rocky area at the base of the cliff.
they take singing very seriously in the philippines. in 2007 , a 29-year-old karaoke performer was shot dead at a bar in san mateo for delivering an off-key rendition of my way. manny pacquiao need not worry. he already has two platinum albums to his name back home. his jokes are n't always zingers , either , but that has n't stopped him having his own sitcom , show me da manny , plus a game show , manny many prizes on the gma network. manny pacquiao recorded his own song for when he takes to the ring for his fight with floyd mayweather.
a family falsely claimed their three-year-old daughter had a grave heart condition in a bid to collect thousands of dollars in donations on a gofundme page , according to police. joanessa clawson , 35 , her husband james clawson , 38 , and her mother patti ann baldassarre , 68 , from marietta , georgia , all face felony conspiracy charges. the gofundme page , which has now been removed , is written from the point of view of a family friend - who allegedly does not exist - appealing for help for the clawson family. scroll down for video. arrested : joanessa clawson , left , and her husband james clawson , right , face felony conspiracy charges after they allegedly set up a fake gofundme account asking for donations.
tokyo -lrb- cnn -rrb- it 's a bird -- it 's a plane -- it 's an insanely fast japanese bullet train. a japan railway maglev train hit 603 kilometers per hour -lrb- 374 miles per hour -rrb- on an experimental track in yamanashi tuesday , setting a decisive new world record. a spokesperson said the train spent 10.8 seconds traveling above 600 kilometers per hour , during which it covered 1.8 kilometers -lrb- 1.1 miles -rrb-. takeo ookanda , who runs an exhibition center next to the test track , said witnesses erupted with excitement and applause when the new record was set.
these amazing images reveal a kaleidoscope of colours in icy caves underneath a glacier. the rainbow caves are given their various colours by light refracting through the ice - with the thicker the ice , the more emerald they appear. scroll down for video. the caves are found near the mutnovsky volcano , 45 miles -lrb- 72km -rrb- south of the regional capital of petropavlovsk-kamchatsky. the caves , found near the mutnovsky volcano , 45 miles -lrb- 72km -rrb- south of the regional capital of petropavlovsk-kamchatsky , were captured by local guide and photographer denis budkov. mr budkov , 35 , trekked inside the dangerous caves - which could collapse at any moment - to capture the colourful scenes.
authorities in montgomery county have released the 911 call that led to two ` free range ' getting picked up and held by police and maryland cps for five hours over the weekend. the caller , who was out walking his dog in the suburb adjacent to washington , dc , said he saw ` two kids that are unaccompanied , and they 've been walking around for probably about 20 minutes by themselves. ' scene : the 911 call that reignited the ` free-range ' parenting controversy for two maryland parents has been released and reveals that rafi meitiv , 10 , and his sister dvora , 6 , were picked up by police while walking through this vicinity of the washington , dc-adjacent suburb of silver spring on sunday.
tikrit , iraq -lrb- cnn -rrb- isis is gone , but the fear remains. as iraqi forces , aided by shiite militiamen , took control wednesday of the northern city of tikrit , they found vehicles laden with explosives and buildings that might be booby-trapped. cnn senior international correspondent arwa damon , who was in tikrit on tuesday , saw a large mechanical digger packed with explosives that iraqi forces had to disarm. near former iraqi dictator saddam hussein 's presidential palaces compound -- tikrit is hussein 's birthplace -- the cnn team also saw a destroyed truck with a large machine gun mounted on the back.
` floral perfumes can take years off a woman ' two things in life give me instant gratification : perfume and wine gums. but while one rots my teeth and piles on the pounds , the other - no matter how bad my hair day - makes me feel beautiful. cleopatra was known for her love of perfume , liberally applying lotus and rose oil to her upper lip. ` we know she made her own perfumes and would certainly have worn it to increase her powers of seduction , ' says mandy aftel , perfume historian and author of fragrant : the secret life of scent.
cedar falls , iowa -lrb- cnn -rrb- as aides politely tried to rush ted cruz from an event in cedar falls to one in cedar rapids , iowa , on thursday , the presidential candidate continued shaking hands with anyone who wanted to meet him. it was one of the many moments when cruz connected with voters on a religious level last week , as the senator from texas hit the trail in iowa for the first time as a presidential candidate. being the only official contender in the race , cruz drew large crowds during his two-day swing across the state.
jonathan brownlee backed up his win in auckland a fortnight ago by taking the gold coast triathlon in the itu world series on saturday. jonathan brownlee poses with his gold medal on the podium having won the gold coast itu race. ` after the start of the season i had an awful race , i said i did n't want to make mistakes again. ' world champion javier gomez took third. as a result brownlee leads the rankings with 2,186 points from gomez , who is 219 points behind. brownlee broke clear of the field during the running section of the gold coast triathlon in australia.
each week sportsmail gathers up the ratings from our team of reporters to provide the best barclays premier league starting xi of the day. eden hazard , mesut ozil and joey barton feature in this week 's list as they put in man-of-the-match performances that helped their teams win , but who else made the xi ? scroll down to find out. gk - tim howard -lrb- everton vs southampton -rrb- - 7. key to everton 's win. everton goalkeeper tim howard put in a man of the match performance against southampton. def - antonio valencia -lrb- manchester united vs aston villa -rrb- - 7.5.
ipswich boss mick mccarthy hailed the ` belligerent , stubborn and hard working ' qualities of his ` horrible bunch ' of players after a determined 1-1 draw at his former club wolves moved town closer to securing a place in the skybet championship play-offs. despite wolves bouncing back to take a point through benik afobe 's 31st goal of the season in the 50th minute after a richard stearman own goal had given ipswich a first-half lead , town 's play-off hopes are now in their own hands with two games remaining. mick mccarthy 's ipswich were denied three points as rivals wolves fought back to draw 1-1 on saturday.
kate winslet was a vision in blue at a london film premiere this week. her stunning body-con dress -lrb- top -rrb- had clearly been made to measure by stella mccartney. but my , what big feet -- and big leopard-print stilettos -- she has ! at 5 ft 7 in , the 39-year-old oscar-winner is certainly no towering amazon , but nonetheless she commands an out-of-the-ordinary uk size-nine shoe. but fascinatingly , just like kate , lots of stars from elle macpherson to gwyneth paltrow all have surprisingly huge feet , as we reveal here. bigfoot : kate winslet has revealed that her co-star leonardo dicaprio referred to her feet as ` my canoes ' jerry hall size : 8 -lrb- us 10 -rrb-.
for any hopeful parent who wants to know what life is really like with a newborn baby , never fear , a clever mom has filled a void on the internet by providing a wide range of hilarious spoof reviews seemingly written by frustrated owners displeased with their young baby children. raquel , who posts the reviews on her humorous parenting blog the ugly volvo , told today that she came up with the idea of the parody posts after she was searching for something on yelp and realized that there were reviews for everything except babies. funny mom : raquel d'apice , pictured with her son , created yelp reviews of newborns , an entertaining collection of spoof critiques that highlight the real struggles plaguing new parents today.
a movie enthusiast has built his very own iron man suit for a heroic price of just # 55. chinese engineering graduate cheng chen , 27 , was inspired to make the iconic body armour after watching the hit film with his younger brother. he spent six months painstakingly researching and building the replica to the movie 's exact measurements , it was reported by people 's daily online. the finished product is two metres high , weighs just 4kg and comes complete with helmet , laser gloves and a power backpack. heroic effort : cheng chen poses with the iron man suit he built after six months of painstaking research.
having a waitrose within walking distance is not only convenient -- it also means your house is worth more , according to a study. homes with a waitrose nearby cost 12 per cent more -- or # 38,831 -- than those in surrounding areas that were n't near a branch. but having a budget shop nearby means your house could sell for less. in a study published today , lloyds bank investigated average house prices in postal districts that have chain supermarkets nearby , to see how they compared to the wider postal region. houses in areas with a waitrose cost an average of # 354,378 -- which was # 38,831 -lrb- 12 per cent -rrb- more than typical prices for their regions.
mls side orlando city are the latest club to have expressed interest in manchester united misfit javier hernandez. the mexico international would be a huge commercial draw for the florida-based franchise who are coached by former everton and manchester city striker adrian heath. javier hernandez is linked with a move to orlando city after enduring a tough time on loan at real madrid. orlando have a big latin-american fanbase and kaka is the captain of the mls side. hernandez would be a popular arrival with orlando supporters but eight european sides are also interested. hernandez has cut a frustrated figure during his loan spell at real madrid this season but still has plenty of interest from other premier league and european sides.
hungry for power : snp leader nicola sturgeon. snp leader nicola sturgeon last night admitted she understands concerns of english voters about her party being involved in a coalition government. ' she also suggested that david cameron had been ` not unhelpful ' to the snp by gaining the party greater publicity. ` at every westminster election i 've fought until this one , the biggest challenge that we 've had to overcome is being heard and being relevant. ` the message it 's given to people in scotland is -- if this is the attention we get just from the snp riding high in the polls , imagine how loud our voice would be if that was translated into seats.
lightning , floods and a deluge of hailstones descended on st louis tuesday as powerful storms pummeled the mid-united states. roads around the missouri city were flooded in the intense downpour , with one town recording more than two inches of rain in half an hour. several crashes followed the atrocious driving weather , though no injuries were immediately reported. muds and floods : roads around st louis , missouri , were deluged with rainwater following fierce thunderstorms. the storms , accompanied by thunder and lightning , also hit further north , barreling into parts of indiana and knocking down trees and power lines.
when you apply for a job as a skyscraper window cleaner , a head for heights is essential. such was the fate of two window cleaners working at a skyscraper in shanghai recently , people 's daily online reported , with their ordeal filmed from inside the building by an onlooker. the incident occurred at the 91st floor of the 101-storey shanghai world financial centre , the city 's second-tallest building at 492 metres -lrb- 1,614 ft -rrb-. the one-minute video shows the platform swing violently in wind with the lujiazui financial district hundreds of metres below. the platform can be heard striking the windows of the building repeatedly , and at least two panes of glass cracked due to the force of the impact with shards falling on to the street below.
such is the global sporting fame of andy murray that guests attending the star 's wedding to kim sears this weekend might have wondered if they would be seated next to a famous face. novak djokovic perhaps ? or fellow scotsman alex ferguson ? the answer is a resounding ` not likely '. kim sears has perfected her pristine style over the years. she always looks incredible whether she 's cheering on andy at wimbledon or walking the red carpet at a glitzy event. she is renowned for championing british designers and has the ability to sell out items immediately after she 's worn them.
people who live in the happiest countries have longer life expectancies and more social support , experience more generosity , have more freedom to make life choices , have lower perceptions of corruption and have a higher gross domestic product per capita , the report shows. the tiny country of bhutan , a very happy country famous for measuring the `` gross national happiness '' of its people , gets the credit for focusing world attention on happiness : its prime minister proposed the idea of a world happiness day to the united nations in 2011. recognizing `` happiness and well-being as universal goals and aspirations in the lives of human beings around the world , '' the u.n. general assembly declared march 20 as world happiness day in 2012.
paula creamer has called for a masters tournament for women at augusta national. creamer , who won the 2010 women 's us open , first floated the idea on twitter following jordan spieth 's stunning victory at the masters on april 14 stating : ' i hope the masters will consider a women 's masters soon. fastest area of golf growth is women ! # 6majors ? ' in the lead up to this week 's swinging skirts lpga classic in northern california , creamer suggested a women 's event could be staged the week following the men 's showpiece in april.
brittany lincicome beat stacy lewis in a play-off to claim her second ana inspiration crown after a dramatic end to the lpga 's opening major of the year in california. lincicome looked set to finish in the chasing pack until she carded a brilliant eagle on the par-five 18th to record a closing 69 and move level with fellow american lewis on nine under par. brittany lincicome shows off the ana inspiration trophy after beating stacy lewis in a play-off round. brittany lincicome -lrb- second right -rrb- , leaps into poppy 's pond with her father , tom lincicome -lrb- right -rrb- , her fiance , dewald gouws and her caddie , missy pederson -lrb- left -rrb- after winning the california tournament.
with this nutritious , compact and superb critical biography , ackroyd emphasises the importance of victorian and edwardian london in the imagination of alfred hitchcock -- the ` damp-looking dirty blackness ' of the east end ; the ` manifold ruffianism ' of the cockneys ; the pubs , street markets , theatres and music halls , with their ` variety acts , dioramas and italian operettas '. alfred hitchcock -lrb- pictured -rrb- was born in 1899 in leytonstone , east london. in addition to the gaudiness , the city was a place with dark staircases , gaslight , rain and spooky cobbled alleys : the ideal setting for murder.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- a duke student has admitted to hanging a noose made of rope from a tree near a student union , university officials said thursday. the prestigious private school did n't identify the student , citing federal privacy laws. in a news release , it said the student was no longer on campus and will face student conduct review. the student was identified during an investigation by campus police and the office of student affairs and admitted to placing the noose on the tree early wednesday , the university said. criminal investigations into the incident are ongoing as well.
the pursuit of journalists for paying public officials was in ruins last night after prosecutors dropped a raft of cases. director of public prosecutions alison saunders was forced into a humiliating climbdown after a jury threw out yet another old bailey case. former mirror reporter graham brough talks to media as he leaves the old bailey court in london after he and three other tabloid journalists were cleared of paying public officials for stories. prosecutors and police pointed the finger at the leveson inquiry and mps for whipping up a storm of hysteria over the work of the press. and scotland yard highlighted how their inquiries were possible only thanks to millions of confidential emails released by news international.
malcolm brabant spent two years in and out of mental institutions after a yellow fever vaccine. a shooting star , glimpsed from the balcony of his home , convinced malcolm - who had no previous history of mental illness - that he was a modern-day messiah. he spent the next two years in and out of mental institutions , unable to work - and even attempted suicide. but malcolm believes the yellow fever vaccine - available in high street vaccination clinics , gp surgeries and even boots - could have dangerous side-effects that affect more people than previously thought. since its invention in 1951 , more than 540 million doses of the vaccine have been given.
some of the oldest surviving photographs of the houses of parliament and windsor castle , dating back more than 150 years , have been found. and despite being more than 150 years old , most of the images capturing the iconic landmarks along the river are instantly recognisable today. scroll down for video. prout 's collection is the oldest documented record of britain 's best known landmarks , such as windsor castle , seen from the banks today. a photo of taken of richmond bridge shows the familiar arches of the 18th century stonework , clearly recognisable today. while a picture taken from the banks of the thames of windsor castle , showing prout 's floating dark room in the foreground , is remarkably similar to contemporary pictures of the iconic building.
kevin carr is set to complete his epic 16,300 round-the-world trip tomorrow in devon after 19 months. a british barman is set to enter the record books after running 16,300 miles around the globe over 621 days while wearing out 16 pairs of shoes. kevin carr set off from haytor on dartmoor in july 2013 and every day since then he has completed on average one and a quarter marathons a day. the 35-year-old from woolacombe in devon is currently in his home county and is due to complete his 16,300-mile epic journey on thursday. if he is successful , mr carr will beat the current record held by australian ultramarathon runner tom denniss , by 24 hours.
survivors of the boston marathon bombing returned to the site of the deadly blasts on tuesday as they marked the second anniversary of the tragedy. among them , the family of eight-year-old martin richard , the youngest victim to lose his life in the april 15 , 2013 attack , headed to boylston street to help officials unveil commemorative banners. they were mounted on poles wrapped in blue and yellow flowers , the marathon 's colors , to mark the tragedy that took three lives and left more than 260 others injured. scroll down for video. somber : the martin family , whose son richard was killed in the boston bombings , walk down boylston street with boston mayor marty walsh , left , ahead of a ceremony to mark two years since the tragedy.
aaron hernandez saw his pcp-taking friends kill odin lloyd but did not commit the murder himself , his defense claimed in the closing arguments of his trial on tuesday. ` did he make all the right decisions ? no , ' defense attorney james sultan said. ` he was a 23-year-old kid who witnessed ... a shocking killing committed by somebody he knew. ' after closing arguments from the defense and the prosecution , the jury began their deliberations on tuesday afternoon. if convicted , hernandez faces a maximum penalty of life in prison. the former new england patriots football player , 25 , has pleaded not guilty to murder and firearms charges in the death of lloyd , a semiprofessional football player who was dating his fiancée 's sister.
the emirates airline logo will be a familiar sight for sports fans across the world. on tuesday , sportsmail revealed that the dubai-based brand are set to seal an historic deal with the fa cup which would see football 's oldest knockout competition rebranded as the emirates fa cup. the # 30million three-year deal would add to emirates ' ever-increasing portfolio of sporting sponsorship. arsenal won last season 's fa cup competition , which will be rebranded the emirates fa cup. football. arsenal and the emirates stadium. arsenal signed the biggest club sponsorship agreement in english football history in 2004 after signing a 15-year deal worth # 100million with the dubai-based international airline.
a young star wars fan , who wrote a heartwarming note to the movies ' creator george lucas asking whether he would allow jedi knights to marry in the future , was elated to receive a reply granting his request. seven-year-old colin gilpatric , an aspiring jedi knight , was devastated to learn that achieving his dream might mean never being able to marry , as forming emotional attachments is said by the rules of the fictional order to lead jedis to the ` dark side '. plea by post : seven-year-old aspiring jedi colin sent a letter to george lucas asking him to change the rule that bans the knights from marrying.
a hotelier claims to be living in fear after her windows were smashed and she received intimidating phone calls after appearing on channel 4 's ` four in a bed ' criticising other hotels in the area. jennifer mcgirr , 61 , said the abuse started when the windows to the tower view hotel , which she owns , were shattered after a man threw a brick at them in a ` premeditated ' attack. hotelier jennifer mcgirr claims to be living in fear after her windows were smashed and she received intimidating phone calls after appearing on channel 4 's ` four in a bed ' during the programme , ms mcgirr described other hotels in blackpool , lancashire , as ` grim ' , in response to another couple 's claims that there were cheaper places to stay in the area.
sorry : journalist sabrina rubin erdely -lrb- pictured -rrb- is expected to apologize for an article she wrote for rolling stone magazine about campus rape. the journalist who wrote rolling stone 's flawed account of a campus rape is set to apologize sunday night , when the columbia journalism school publishes a review of what went wrong with her reporting. in the story , titled ' a rape on campus ' , jackie claims to have been gang raped by seven men at campus fraternity phi kappa psi two years ago. but a recent investigation by the charlottesville police found no evidence to support her story - including the fact that the man who brought her to the fraternity the night of the alleged incident does n't seem to exist.
one of australia 's most prestigious race days , the opening of the championships , has been postponed after wild weather left randwick racecourse unsafe to compete on. stewards announced it was too risky to race on the wet surface after an early inspection at around 9.30 am saturday morning , disappointing the 25,000 punters officials expected to show. under normal circumstances the australian turf club would 've been packed with punters dressed to the nines scrambling for a seat , but as early racegoers susie pleasance and helen quarrel learned , the field was absolutely empty. with a logistical nightmare on their hands , officials opted to move the $ 10 million program to monday allowing racegoers to use the ticket they purchased for the saturday event.
blamed initially on ` engine. failure ' , it emerged on tuesday that a government jet carrying. french-built falcon 50 - began tumbling through the air on. the plane landed safely back in belgrade , but nikolic was. forced to cancel his official visit to meet pope francis in the. vatican , and his advisers put the incident down to yet another. advisers to president tomislav nikolic -lrb- left , pictured in february in belgrade -rrb- described being ` thrown around the cabin ' when a plane taking him to italy last week began tumbling through the sky. an investigation determined that the co-pilot , bojan zoric ,.
sandra garratt was in constant agony after undergoing two operations before her death. a grandmother racked with constant pain jumped from the top of a multi-storey car park to end her suffering , her devastated husband has said. on good friday , the mother of two left her home in rowley regis , west midlands , after telling her husband she was ` just popping out '. at 2.35 pm , police and ambulance crews were called to the cornbow shopping centre in halesowen , where they discovered mrs garratt 's body. she had fallen more than 50ft from the top of an asda supermarket multi-storey car park.
a woman suffers from a rare medical condition that leaves her unable to recognise her own face in the mirror. the mother-of-two suffers from prosopagnosia , also known as face blindness , which means she is able to recognise objects , but not faces. the condition is so severe that mrs whitear ca n't spot her own reflection or her children when picking them up from school. natalie whitear , 35 , can not recognise herself in the mirror as she suffers from prosopagnosia , also known as face blindness. although she was born with the condition , she was only formally diagnosed around three years ago.
ibrox has been a happy hunting ground for the edinburgh clubs this season. three defeats inflicted on rangers. stuart mccall believes his side now owe it to their fans to amend that record in their final chance of the regular season when hearts come calling on sunday. the tynecastle side won 2-1 on their previous trip to govan last august , while hibernian have racked up 3-1 and 2-0 victories. rangers boss stuart mccall wants to win one visit from an edinburgh club at ibrox this season. however , a 2-0 success at easter road 12 days ago could have marked a turning point for rangers in their previously flagging push for promotion.
that 's according to former police officer , darren stanton , who has become the uk 's top human leading human lie detector and body expert. scroll down for video. darren stanton , who has become the uk 's top human leading human lie detector and body expert , appeared on this morning. he managed to suss out when both philip schofield and amanda holden were were fibbing and also appeared in a video clip catching out a cheating husband for lying about an affair. philip schofield was also caught fibbing , which darren said he detected by a raised eyebrow.
venezuela captain juan arango has apologised to a rival player after biting him on the shoulder at the end of a tempestuous mexican league match. arango 's tijuana side were losing 4-3 to monterrey with just seconds left when he went up to midfielder jesus zavala and bit him. zavala holds his shoulder after being bitten by arango , in the game zavala 's side won 4-3. zavala shows the referee the mark on his shoulder after being bittern by arango. arango -lrb- right -rrb- earlier scored a magnificent free kick to bring his club tijuana team level against monterrey. the incident was reminiscent of uryguayan luis suarez 's bite on italian giorgio cheillini 's shoulder during last year 's world cup.
we 've also got video footage of mccoy 's most memorable wins and everything else you need to know about the man who has been champion jockey every year he 's been a professional. born : may 4 , 1974 in moneyglass , country antrim , northern ireland. height : 5ft 10.5 in. mccoy , in the final furlong of a glittering career , winning on capard king at ayr last weekend. achievements. • 253 winners in the 1997-98 season , beating the previous record tally of jumps wins in a season of 221 held by peter scudamore. • 289 winners in the 2001-02 season , a british record and surpassing sir gordon richards ' previous record of 269 winners on the flat.
palmerston remains a very painful place for rangers managers. back in the chill of mid-december , ally mccoist led the ibrox side here on the day it emerged he had handed in his notice of resignation. nine days later , mccoist was out on gardening leave. rangers were simply second-best all over the plastic pitch in dumfries. striker derek lyle points to the skies after putting queen of the south in the lead at palmerston park. lewis kidd celebrates after an own goal doubles queen of the south 's lead at the start of the second half. gavin reilly -lrb- left -rrb- celebrates after forcing an own goal for qots 's third to dent rangers ' second place hopes.
from teenage mothers and fathers to truck drivers and homeless addicts , brazil 's 24 hour drugs market crackland has become home to people from all walks of life. located in the slums of rio de janeiro , crack cocaine users visit the open-air bazaars to buy rocks of the drug and smoke it in plain sight , day or night. as the country 's drugs crisis reaches epidemic levels , its markets pull in anyone looking to get high. scroll down for video. patricia sebastiao , 22 who has a 2-year-old daughter and 1-year-old son , is pregnant with her third child who is due in the nexrt few months but returns to crackland where she poses for a photograph.
now an app , dubbed ` project elysium ' , claims to do just that by creating a ` personalised afterlife experience ' with loved ones who have passed. the technology , which is still under development , could be a step towards uploading memories and personalities into computers , allowing people to live on in virtual reality. now an app dubbed ` project elysium ' claims to do just that by creating a ` personalised afterlife experience ' with loved ones who have passed. the app 's developers have yet to reveal exactly how the technology will work. created by australia-based paranormal games , the app 's developers have yet to reveal exactly how the technology will work.
luis suarez will be at the parc des princes tonight , forming one part of football 's most famous three-man attack , looking to fire barcelona into the champions league semi-finals. usually when they reach this stage , barcelona do not make any mistakes. standing on the other side of the pitch will be someone who suarez knows inside out , a player who hails from his home city in uruguay and with whom he has shared a number of big nights when representing their country. edinson cavani prepares for paris saint-germain 's quarter-final clash with barcelona. psg train at camp-des-loges in saint-germain-en-laye , west of paris.
but the discovery of cremated bone , thought to be the earliest ever identified in britain , could re-write the history of mesolithic , or middle stone age burial practices. the deposit containing the bone was discovered during excavations ahead of a new pipeline in landford , essex and is thought to date to 5,600 bc. the discovery of cremated bone -lrb- pictured -rrb- , thought to be the earliest ever identified in britain , could re-write the history of mesolithic , or middle stone age burial practices. the burnt material , which includes approximately just over four ounces -lrb- 118g -rrb- of cremated bone , was uncovered by oxford archaeology.
jordon ibe 's proved he 's got some impressive moves on the football pitch but the young winger has shown us he 's an equally adept dancer - by pulling off the trademark michael jackson ` moonwalk. ' the liverpool star has broken into the first team set-up this season , with some eye-catching performances at wing back or in a more attacking role. jordon ibe posted on instagram , the video of him performing the moonwalk while he recovers from injury. the midfielder showed off some impressive moves as he steps up his recovery from a knee problem. ' the 19-year-old is currently out with a knee injury but is expected to return in the next few weeks and boost brendan rodgers ' side , as they continue to chase the champions league places.
nadine coyle and coleen rooney showed off their caring sides today as they joined forces with cancer research 's race for life. ahead of the summer runs , the ladies have also lent their faces to the ad campaign for the drive. scroll down for video. coleen rooney -lrb- left -rrb- and nadine coyle -lrb- right -rrb- have joined forces with cancer research for race for life. fashion designer coleen , 28 , and singer nadine , 29 , are hoping the shots will encourage women from across the uk , regardless of their age , shape or fitness level , to join the female-only event.
for 71 per cent of voters say they are choosing politicians and have no need to know about their spouses or offspring , a comres survey for the daily mail and itv news reveals. only a quarter say it is important to know about leaders ' domestic lives. scroll down for video. voters do n't feel the need to know about politician 's wives , a poll has found. above : nick clegg and his wife miriam gonzalez durantez were seen in their # 1.5 million putney home in an itv interview broadcast last night. only 25 per cent of voters believe it is important to get to know party leaders ' families , the new comres poll shows.
for the first time this year , nasa 's mars reconnaissance orbiter has spotted its robotic companion on the surface of the red planet. the orbiting spacecraft captured a shot of curiosity near the base of mount sharp in gale crater. but interestingly , the rover 's tracks are not visible - possibly because they have been swept away by the martian weather. the hirise camera is able to take images of the surface with a resolution of 10 inches -lrb- 25cm -rrb- per pixel , allowing it to spot the rover on the surface. the rover is parked over dark sand in a valley with light-toned outcrops of rock.
youtube is set to offer an ad free , subscription-based service for the first time. it will offer consumers the choice to pay for an ` ads-free ' version of youtube for a monthly fee. youtube is set to offer an ad free , subscription-based service for the first time , according to an email sent out to youtube partners. the additional monetization option requires partners to agree to updated terms on youtube 's creator studio dashboard , which notes that the changes will go into effect on june 15 , 2015. according to youtube 's updated partner program terms , youtube will pay creators 55 % of the total net revenues from subscription fees -- the same percentage associated with advertising revenues.
tripoli , libya -lrb- cnn -rrb- it took one somali woman seven months and 4,000 miles to trek to libya. she was arrested as she was sailing north and is now one of 350 migrants being held in a facility just outside tripoli. other pregnant women fleeing repression have come to libya -- many fleeing fighting that refuses to stop. they , like male migrants , are willing to risk their lives on crowded boats to make the final part of the trip. the somali woman 's baby , sabrine , was born a week after she was detained. libyan officials are in a quandary.
gearing up for tonight 's ncaa championship game , a group of meerkats have been testing out their basketball skills. the critters were filmed at indiana 's indianapolis zoo after getting a makeshift backboard and hoop installed in their pen. footage shows them inquisitively inspecting the piece of sports apparatus and standing tall on their back legs. spectators were seen smiling as they watched the team of animals in action. the zoo put on a range of final four activities over the weekend for visitors including a basketball-theme scavenger hunt. march madness is set to come to a close tonight as the wisconsin badgers and duke blue devils go head-to-head at the lucas oil stadium in indianapolis.
this is the dramatic moment two traffic police officers were almost decapitated after a caravan sped past at speed with a window wide open. the motorway officers had been standing on the hard shoulder on the m5 in gloucesteshire at night after pulling over a driver , who they suspected was speeding. the caravan , which sped past the two traffic police officers with its back window open , circled , and almost decapitated them. the pair were forced to dive out of the way with just seconds to spare before they were severely injured. the caravan also narrowly missed a workman standing further along the carriageway and the two officers got into their patrol car to give chase.
in one corner of china , however , a full camel in a giant oven is the order of the day. the 450kg -lrb- 990lb -rrb- beast was coated in a lurid yellow marinade before it was lowered by crane into a 6m-tall tandoor kiln , the people 's daily online reported. scroll down for video. preparing : the camel is first coated with a yellow marinade before being put into the six-metre kiln. spectacular : the camel is hoisted out of the kiln after being roasted on the street of jining in northwest china. ready : the feast was prepared by momin hopur , a local celebrity chef and fourth-generation grill master.
hillary clinton is deadly serious about attracting young and tech-savvy voters in 2016 , hiring a new digital guru who hails from the world 's most powerful online brand. stephanie hannon , who was the tech giant 's director of productmanagement for civic innovation and social impact , will serve as her presidential campaign 's chief technology officer. hannon previously worked on gmail and google maps. scroll down for videos. deadly serious : clinton , 67 , is priming the pump for a digital outreach campaign tailored to the expectations of younger , more tech-savvy voters. second time around : clinton ran unsuccessfully for president in 2008 , but the online landscape has evolved since then.
police in texas are investigating claims of excessive force after an officer was caught on camera throwing an intoxicated woman to the ground of a parking lot during an arrest. the officer , ben johnson , who has been on the force four years , was answering reports of a drunk woman inside deluxe nails at a strip mall in red rock on tuesday. johnson claims the woman started resisting him , forcing him to pull a fast and forceful take-down , however video taken on his cash cam and by a person in a nearby shop appear to show a different story.
david cameron has been caught joking about alex salmond pinching people 's wallets in remarks broadcast after a tv interview ended. the prime minister , who had just done a viewer call-in on itv 's this morning , made the comment as host phillip schofield moved on to the next item. ' mr cameron , who was off camera , could then be heard saying : ` is that alex salmond ? ' co-host amanda holden burst out laughing at the remark as the programme went to ads. the prime minister , who had just done a viewer call-in on itv 's this morning , made the comment as host phillip schofield moved on to the next item.
video footage has emerged which appears to show manchester city supporters singing a vile song about the munich air disaster outside old trafford. the clip , uploaded to youtube , looks to have been taken after sunday 's manchester derby which united won 4-2. manchester city fans were filmed singing a vile song about the munich disaster outside old trafford. apparently taken by a city fan , it then appears to capture city supporters singing the song which mocks the 1958 tragedy in which 23 people died including manchester united players. a greater manchester police spokesman said that they would examine video evidence with both clubs to determine whether further action was necessary.
a mother who is accused of killing her children and then stuffing their bodies in a freezer was removed from court after confronting the father during a parental rights termination hearing. mitchelle blair , 35 , from michigan , is charged with with felony murder , premeditated murder and torture. court officers carrying out a march 24 eviction at the family 's apartment found the frozen corpses of 13-year-old stoni ann blair and 9-year-old stephen gage berry. blair used an expletive wednesday in juvenile court as visitation between her two living children and their fathers was discussed. scroll down for video.
an image of a woman breastfeeding her toddler while sitting on the toilet with her trousers around her ankles has caused a storm on the internet. originally posted on instagram and then shared on the facebook page of life of dad , which describes itself as ` the social network for dads ' , the picture has now been shared more than 25,000 times and has been liked on facebook more than 211,000 times. alabama-born mom-of-two elisha wilson beach , is pictured breastfeeding her daughter in the image. wilson beach is the wife of tv actor michael beach , known for his roles on sons of anarchy , third watch and er.
sportsmail will be providing you with all you need to know about every barclays premier league fixture , with team news , provisional squads , betting odds and opta stats. here is all the information you need for aston villa 's home clash with qpr ... aston villa vs queens park rangers -lrb- villa park -rrb-. aston villa. aston villa boss tim sherwood is definitely without a trio of key players for their key game with qpr. alan hutton limped off in saturday 's 3-1 defeat at manchester united with an ankle problem and has been ruled out of tuesday 's game along with scott sinclair and ashley westwood.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- bernie sanders , my vermont senator and , indeed , a friend of many years , is now running for president. '' to most americans , of course , sen. bernie sanders is only a name , if that. he is barely known to the general public , which makes him a very long shot indeed to win election to the highest office in the nation. i remember when bernie was mayor of burlington ; it is the largest city in vermont -lrb- which is n't saying much -rrb-. he spoke with a throaty brooklyn accent , and he was jewish -- not your typical vermonter.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- pardon us , `` lost '' fans , but april 8 was n't only your day. but do n't forget , april 8 was also `` rex manning day. '' twitter did n't , paying homage to the 1995 film `` empire records '' and the character of rex manning , played by the very dreamy maxwell caulfield. the movie -- also starring liv tyler , anthony lapaglia and renée zellweger -- centers on an independent record store in delaware where , on april 8 , former pop idol manning is scheduled to make an in-store appearance. their love affair was doomed like two ships passing in the night , but it was so good while it lasted for jack and rose in the 1997 blockbuster movie `` titanic.
geoff haigh , 61 , from oldham , greater manchester , wanted to marry his long-term partner heather after being diagnosed with terminal pancreatic cancer and the pair settled on a venue close to their home. guests were forced to listen to the wedding song 10 times while it played over and over , and the couple were left with three marriage certificates after officials got crucial details wrong on the first two. geoff haigh , 61 , from oldham , greater manchester , wanted to marry his long-term partner heather , 54 , after being diagnosed with terminal pancreatic cancer but the couple 's special day -lrb- pictured -rrb- was full of blunders.
as the duke and duchess of cambridge will shortly discover for the second time , no situation trumps becoming a parent when it comes to extravagant emotion. now a group of parents , all of whom are based in the us , have created a video that lifts the lid on what the first months with a new baby are really like. scroll down for video. top tips : the video , which has been viewed 600,000 times , features new parents sharing their tips. ` we 've compiled the best parenting tips to know before having a baby to help you sift through the mounds of parenting advice you 're going to get , ' reads the accompanying description.
a middle school student is being kept home in fear of her life after anonymous instagram users threatened to stab her to death. the girl , who has not been named but attends school in san dimas , california , is the target of disturbing posts on the photo-sharing service. since the threats began at the start of this week , the girl , who attends lone hill middle school in san dimas , has been kept home by her mother. deputies from the los angeles county sheriff 's department are helping to guard the girl. taunting : one post picks up on a local media story about the situation , and reaffirms its commitment to.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- at least two people were taken into custody as protesters upset over the death of freddie gray scuffled thursday evening with police on the streets of baltimore. tensions rose as demonstrators confronted police , several of whom shouted : `` back up ! '' the baltimore police department said the two were detained for disorderly conduct and destruction of property. there were no other arrests and the protests -- on the whole -- were peaceful. protesters rallied at city hall before marching to a police station. gray died sunday , one week after he was arrested by baltimore police.
talk about a chain reaction ! this is the moment a billiards player performs a complex trick shot by setting up a domino train to pot four balls. video footage shows a white ball being rolled down a positioned cue. the orb then knocks a green ball into the center pocket. the clip was uploaded by youtube user honda4ridered. in another video the skilled billiards player shows viewers how to pocket four balls in a single shot with no dominoes in the mix. and for those wanting to replicate the stunt , there is a slow motion version to show the precise angles involved.
robbie knievel has been arrested for allegedly driving under the influence in butte , montana - the town his daredevil father evel knievel helped make famous. knievel , 52 , was speeding in an suv on tuesday evening when he rear-ended a honda , causing a chain-reaction crash involving two other vehicles , police said. after the crash , knievel drove off but his car was found nearby and he was seen walking about a block away , according to butte-silver bow undersheriff george skuletich. in court : robbie knievel , pictured in court on wednesday , was arrested for dui in montana after crashing into another car on tuesday evening and setting off a chain-reaction crash involving two other cars.
now the homes and residences of colonel muammar gaddafi have been reduced to rubble - and even used as pet markets to sell birds and dogs. four years after the 2011 revolution that saw colonel gaddafi 's hold on libya crumbled , the once feared bab al-aziziya compound , situated in the capital city of tripoli , resembles a wasteland. scroll down for video. colonel muammar gaddafi stands with his wife and children near bab al-azizia palace in november 1986 , before it was left in ruins by air raids. reduced the rubble : the former bab al-aziziya palace , which boasted a zoo , fairground and pool , now lies in a derelict state.
a battler has struck gold after scoring a massive $ 20 million lottery win which has left him with ` butterflies in his stomach. ' the winning punter , who comes from mittagong in southern new south wales , discovered his good fortune on tuesday evening. scroll down for video. a man from mittagong has struck gold after scoring a massive $ 20 million lottery win -lrb- stock image -rrb-. the man said he could n't believe his luck when he read the winning numbers. ' two entries won the first division share of oz lotto 's $ 40 million jackpot draw on tuesday.
ian somerhalder and nikki reed are officially married. the vampire diaries actor and his twilight actress fiancée tied the knot on sunday in a romantic ceremony in the santa monica mountains. nikki , 26 - who was previously married to singer-songwriter paul mcdonald - wore a stunning white lace long-sleeved custom gown by claire pettibone , while ian , 36 , donned a white suit and shirt. scroll down for video. they do : nikki reed and ian somerhalder embrace in a passionate kiss as they tie the knot in romantic ceremony after nine-month whirlwind relationship on sunday. with her hair worn to one side and in flowing curls , she pinned her locks in place with an exquisite diamond slide as she carried an elegant floral bouquet.
justin rose might just have made the most important pencil mark of his entire career to put himself in contention at augusta this weekend. the 2013 us open champion ended the day on seven under , sharing third place and is one of a handful of players hanging on to the coat tails of runaway leader jordan spieth. justin rose battled back from a nightmare start and is in contention at augusta. rose tees off at the 18th as he now sits joint third , seven shots behind runaway leader jordan spieth. it 's simply unacceptable and disgraceful putting -- 34 putts for level par is pathetic.
jerusalem -lrb- cnn -rrb- the flame of remembrance burns in jerusalem , and a song of memory haunts valerie braham as it never has before. her husband , philippe braham , was one of 17 people killed in january 's terror attacks in paris. he was in a kosher supermarket when a gunman stormed in , killing four people , all of them jewish. the terrorist , amedy coulibaly , recorded the attack on camera. philippe braham was laid to rest in jerusalem 's givat shaul cemetery after the attacks , not far from where the jewish agency held a memorial ceremony to mourn victims of terror.
a 13-year-old indian girl faced with an arranged marriage has written a letter to her teacher begging her to stop the wedding -lrb- stock image above -rrb-. a 13-year-old indian girl faced with an arranged marriage has written a letter to her teacher begging her to stop the wedding. duli hembrom wrote to the principal of milan mithi uchha vidyalaya after failing to convince her parents to call off the wedding , which is due to take place in two days. ' she added that she wanted the teacher to stop the marriage ` whichever way possible ' , the india times reported.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- mark ronson 's `` uptown funk ! , '' featuring bruno mars , is the longest-leading billboard hot 100 of the 2010s , ruling the chart for a 13th week. plus , newcomer natalie la rose reaches the top 10 with her debut hit `` somebody , '' featuring jeremih. `` funk , '' released on rca records , passes robin thicke 's `` blurred lines , '' featuring t.i. and pharrell to take sole possession of the hot 100 's longest command this decade. weeks at no. 1 , title , artist , date reached no. 1.
a british woman told today of her horror at finding her two best friends shot dead on a sofa at a villa in spain. peter tarsey and his wife , jean , both 77 , were found covered in a green raincoat , each killed with a single bullet in a double murder of ` terrible cruelty '. what we found was like something out of your worst nightmare. murdered : peter tarsey and his wife jean , both 77 , were killed with a single bullet each while locked in each other 's arms under a raincoat on their sofa in their detached country home in xalo , near benidorm.
a bizarre performance from stan wawrinka saw grigor dimitrov breeze through 6-1 , 6-2 to his first masters quarter-final of the season. wawrinka is the defending champion in monte carlo and seldom has a title been relinquished so easily. rushing between points , wawrinka won the first of the match and then made four unforced errors in a row to surrender his serve. grigor dimitrov powers a forehand from the back court in his comfortable win over stan wawrinka. wawrinka , the monte carlo masters defending champion , appeared out of sorts in the 6-1 6-2 defeat. wawrinka 's coach magnus norman is not in monte carlo this week and , watching at home , he may have been glad of the opportunity to turn off the television.
a dog who went missing more than a year ago has been reunited with her owners after being rescued from peril during a cockfighting bust in south carolina. april morris of bennettsville thought she 'd never see her beloved pit bull , nina louise , again after she went astray in december 2013. months of searching and a $ 500 cash reward proved fruitless. but this past saturday she could n't believe her eyes when she saw footage of the malnourished pup 's heartbreaking rescue on local news. morris called the local humane society to claim the pit bull and identified her by detailing two white spots in the fur behind her head.
cristiano ronaldo returned to top form last weekend with five goals against granada , and he is now urging his supporters to get themselves into shape. the real madrid forward has not been at his best this year , but turned things around with a stunning display on sunday , during real madrid 's 9-1 win. cristiano ronaldo scored five goals as real madrid thrashed granada 9-1 on sunday afternoon. ronaldo is one of the fittest athletes in the world , and tweeted for his many fans to join him in using excercise as a way of feeling better. ` it 's good for your body and your mind ! ' the portuguese superstar was simply irresistible as real ran riot at the bernabeu .
or is it going up some stairs ? -lrb- and you thought you were done with this kind of optical illusion free-for-all after #thedress. the picture was apparently uploaded on imgur a few days ago and has caught fire thanks to a post on the website 9gag. com. taxes ? now , those are really confusing .
some breakfast cereals contain as many as three teaspoons of sugar , dentist dr sameer patel warns. a busy working week can take its toll on our lives , leaving little time to plan our meals. and lurking inside many seemingly ` healthy ' foods , are hidden ingredients that may be wreaking havoc with your teeth. now , dr sameer patel , clinical director at the elleven practice in london 's harley street , has highlighted the dentistry dangers of the ` desk diet '. here , he reveals the biggest offenders , and offers advice on how to safeguard your oral health during the working day.
ahead of this weekend 's premier league action , sportsmail will be providing you with all you need to know about every fixture , with team news , provisional squads , betting odds and opta stats. here is all the information you need for crystal palace 's home clash with manchester city ... crystal palace vs manchester city -lrb- selhurst park -rrb-. crystal palace. crystal palace boss alan pardew has no fresh injury concerns ahead of his side 's clash against manchester city. however , marouane chamakh and fraizer campbell are still sidelined with a hamstring injury , while jordon mutch has a thigh complaint.
it was thought that edward snowden was living in a secret location in russia after his 2013 leaks made him a wanted man by the us government -- but it seems he 's actually set up shop in the middle of the white house. a business called edward 's snow den has appeared in the us president 's headquarters. it is thought that edward snowden was living in a secret location in russia. mr seely , from seattle , told mailonline that he created the fake listing during a ted talk in kirkland to demonstrate a flaw in google maps that could be exploited to cause more serious problems.
the records are tumbling and leicester 's belief is growing. their 2-0 victory over swansea made it three premier league wins in a row for the first time since 2000 , lifting nigel pearson 's side to 17th and ending their five-month spell at the bottom. most looking at the club reasoned relegation would be a matter of time. instead , queens park rangers , burnley , hull and sunderland are now shorter odds to go down with bookmakers. pearson has applied the same principles throughout the season , except now leicester are taking more chances. here sportsmail assesses the key themes of leicester 's revival.
the jw marriott essex house as seen from central park , of which it boasts panoramic views. you can go outside on deck where you have amazing views of manhattan. the couple , who met as partners on dancing on ice , enjoyed a bateaux new york cruise of the hudson. during our break , we saw most of the famous sights , including the statue of liberty , where we took some great pictures. we wanted to have a juicy steak at a proper new york steakhouse. friends had told us about a place called burger joint in le parker meridien hotel - it does n't look very special -lrb- in fact , there 's graffiti all over the walls outside -rrb- but it 's reckoned to serve the best burgers in town.
gary player will attend his 58th masters this week fully expecting to welcome a new member to the game 's most exclusive club and salute what he considers would be one of the sport 's finest accomplishments. the great man considers tiger woods completing the career grand slam at the age of just 24 as the best golfing feat he has seen. so you can imagine how excited he is at the prospect of rory mcilroy becoming just the sixth player to win all four majors at only 25. then jack nicklaus came along and did it at 26 and then tiger at 24.
pitted against a russian grandmaster in the tournament , 12-year-old chess prodigy jonah willow was an underdog even in the eyes of his most ardent supporters. ` the grandmaster felt he could do nothing more to force a win or to break his way through , ' said jonah 's proud father simon scott. scroll down for video. talented : jonah willow aged 12 , who drew a chess match with a russian grandmaster four times his age. ' jonah beat three other players in the nottingham chess congress to face cherniaev , who went on to win the title. jonah was third overall , qualifying for the british chess championships this august in warwick.
-lrb- the hollywood reporter -rrb- add another fan-favorite character to the cast of next year 's `` x-men : apocalypse , '' with director bryan singer announcing via instagram that olivia munn will play the telepathic psylocke in the follow-up to `` x-men : days of future past. `` apocalypse '' is currently in production for a summer 2016 release. more : `` x-men : apocalypse '' casts fan favorite jubilee. the comic book 's psylocke was created by chris claremont and herb trimpe for the british `` captain britain '' series , where she appeared throughout the 1970s and '80s , before joining the x-men in 1987 's `` uncanny x-men '' no. 213.
the senior islamic state commander linked to the anzac day terror plot has called for new terror attacks on australian soil in a flash new propaganda video. authorities named abu khaled al-cambodi - former melbourne man neil prakash - as a key figure in their investigation into a plot where teenagers were allegedly planning to attack police on saturday. now al-cambodi has starred in a 12-minute long propaganda video where , cradling a gun , he has ordered his ` beloved brothers ' to ` rise up ' and attack targets in australia. threatening message : abu khaled al-cambodi , an australian is militant , has starred in a vile new propaganda video.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- soon , america will be too fat to fight. forget about rampant diabetes , heart attacks and joint problems -- the scariest consequence arising out of our losing battle with the bulge is the safety of our country. in about five years , so many young americans will be grossly overweight that the military will be unable to recruit enough qualified soldiers. that alarming forecast comes from maj , gen. allen batschelet , who is in charge of u.s. army recruiting command. come on ! obesity ? a national security crisis ? the general did n't blink. '' of the 195,000 young men and women who signed up to fight for our country , only 72,000 qualified.
with 18 broken bones , a broken nose , a ruptured kidney , a ruptured liver , missing teeth , and a fractured rib , christy mack was unrecognisable as she fled her las vegas home on august 8 , 2014. it was the climax , the former porn star claims , of an abusive on-off relationship with mma fighter jonathan paul koppenhaver , known professionally as war machine. now , nine months later , she has to wear a wig and glasses , and is still undergoing reparative dental work - while fighting to see koppenhaver convicted of attempted murder.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- film critic richard corliss , whose populist passion for all genres of movies illuminated time magazine 's coverage of cinema for 35 years , died thursday night in new york city. corliss died a week after suffering a major stroke , according to a tribute on time 's website by colleague richard zoglin , who called him `` perhaps the magazine 's most quoted writer of all time. '' unlike some critics , corliss appreciated all kinds of movies -- from the arty drama of ingmar bergman to the epic fantasy of `` the lord of the rings.
as james bond , he is licensed to kill. but it takes a great deal of artistic licence for daniel craig 's character to survive his on-screen ordeals , medical experts say. for in real life 007 would have perished several times in his most recent movie , skyfall. craig is clearly a lot more vulnerable than his alter-ego -- he has just had knee surgery after hurting himself in a stunt for the next bond movie , spectre. only in the movies ... daniel craig in fighting form as bond despite a potentially fatal wound. but bond is not the only one to defy medical science.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- this week , hillary clinton surprised the world yet again -- not with the official launch of her campaign but for the unconventional way she did it. '' jon stewart lampooned it as a `` state farm commercial gone viral '' and also `` boring as s --. '' since the media will likely be the stand-in primary opponent for hillary , their belief in her authenticity is a critical factor in whether she can reframe herself in voter 's eyes. the youtube announcement video took on the central strategic challenge for the campaign and candidate : to flip clinton 's message from self-absorbed `` i '' to empathetic `` we.
on thursday night 's `` grey 's anatomy , '' dr. derek shepherd -- the hunky character played by patrick dempsey -- died. instead , he died following a car crash -- after helping victims of another accident. `` derek shepherd is and will always be an incredibly important character -- for meredith -lrb- grey -rrb- , for me and for the fans , '' show creator shonda rhimes said in a statement , according to the hollywood reporter. '' intriguingly , dempsey still has a year left on his contract. his character 's death leaves his tv wife , dr. meredith grey -lrb- ellen pompeo -rrb- , as the show 's mainstay as it concludes its 11th season in may.
jodi arias has reported to prison to begin serving her life sentence for murder , and she has a new mugshot. she also figured the mugshot would be all over the internet , ` so why not ? ' arias was convicted of murder and sentenced to life in prison - with no change of parole - on monday. she plans to appeal the conviction. scroll down for video. life in prison is no laughing matter : jodi arias looks serious in a new mugshot -lrb- left -rrb- taken this week , as she starts her life in prison sentence for murdering ex-boyfriend travis alexander.
the amount of drugs being thrown over the fence into one prison is so high that warders have been forced to deploy a cherry picker to remove them. packages containing heroin and cannabis were cleared from the roof of hmp altcourse in liverpool - hurled there from the outside by friends of inmates who missed their intended targets. the hydraulic crane also recovered so-called ` legal highs ' as well as 22 phones , three sim cards and six chargers from the 60ft roof , contained in a total of 14 bubble-wrapped packages. officers at the jail , privately run by controversial firm g4s , disclosed the haul in an internal document , which dramatically highlights the extent of drug use among the jail 's 1,300 inmates.
i had just landed in bhutan , where gross national happiness is considered far more important than gross domestic product and economic success.it certainly gave me food for thought. the only billboard showed a glamorous young couple , the fifth king and his queen , looking as if they had stepped out of a bollywood movie. tiger 's nest monastery is the most sacred site in the buddhist country of bhutan and was built in the 8th century. women were elegantly attired in long sarongs with silk jackets and embroidered scarves. this tiny himalayan kingdom , wedged between tibet and india , is a land of myths and magic - a shangri-la where , as legend has it , tigers fly through the air and witches reside in ancient forests.
manhattan 's fifth avenue was a sea of bizarre hats today as people celebrating easter took to the streets in outlandish headgear. bunny ears , eggs and flowers were among the more conservative adornments festooning the heads of new yorkers as they milled around in a loose gaggle centered on st patrick 's cathedral. mad hatters : these parader-goers , pictured in front of st patrick 's cathedral on manhattan 's fifth avenue , were among the more conservative hat-wearers in the annual easter parade. classic : some churchgoers wore more somber and refined clothing to the mass service at the catholic cathedral.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- australia has recalled its ambassador to indonesia for consultations after two australians were among eight drug smugglers executed by firing squad early wednesday. australian prime minister tony abbott called the executions `` cruel and unnecessary '' because both men , andrew chan and myuran sukumaran , had been `` fully rehabilitated '' during a decade in prison. abbott did n't say what permanent actions , if any , would be taken against indonesia. one of the men 's indonesian lawyers , todung mulya lubis tweeted his apologies. `` i failed. '' indonesian president joko widodo appeared to shrug off the diplomatic recall , telling reporters that `` our legal sovereignty must be respected.
the widow of a cyclist killed after hitting a pothole during a charity ride from land 's end to john o'groats has won a six-figure payout from the council who failed to mend the road. martyn uzzell , 51 , died instantly after he was thrown into path of a car by a four-inch deep pothole. just a month before the tragedy , the council sent workers to inspect the hole after police said it was a hazard. kate uzzell has received a six-figure payout after her husband martyn -lrb- both pictured -rrb- was killed during a charity cycle ride when he was thrown into the path of a four-inch deep pothole.
chelsea midfielder oscar hopes that winning the premier league title this season can kick-start a period of dominance in english football for the blues. jose mourinho 's side are 10 points clear of second-placed arsenal , who they play at the weekend , and brazil international oscar has aspirations of further success in the coming seasons. ` hopefully , yes. this squad is really young and we 've been playing together for a long time , ' he told goal. oscar -lrb- right -rrb- hopes that chelsea winning the premier league can kick-start a period of dominance in england. the blues have already won the capital one cup this season and are close to securing the league title.
two months after announcing that he is leaving the daily show , jon stewart has revealed that he decided to quit because he was becoming increasing depressed watching cable news. two months after announcing that he is leaving the daily show , jon stewart has revealed that he decided to call time on his 17 year reign because he was becoming increasing depressed by american politics and watching cable news. ' i live in a constant state of depression. ' stewart also confessed that his ` moments of dissatisfaction ' with the show had started to become more frequent. ' '' scroll down for video.
the mother of a young woman who suffers from lupus , an inflammatory disease which affects the immune system , has hit back at a stranger who left a cruel note on her daughter 's car claiming she had no right to park in a disabled space -- despite the fact that she has a handicap permit. corinna skorpenske , from pittsburgh , pennsylvania , took to facebook to publicly shame the anonymous note writer , while also defending her daughter harley jo , a student at ohio state university , and her condition. but because she is human i know she feels something.
she is one of the top human rights lawyers in the country and is married to one of the most famous men in the world , so it is no wonder amal clooney always looks effortlessly chic when she steps out into the public eye. the london-based lawyer 's wardrobe has gone from strength-to-strength since she tied the knot with george clooney in venice , italy , last september. from prada and stella mccartney to dolce & gabbana and alexander mcqueen , the stylish lawyer seems to spare no expense when it comes to dressing herself. several of the outfits she has been photographed in since her lavish wedding to the world-famous actor cost at least # 1,000 , with the star spending a whopping # 66,900 alone on the clothes she is pictured wearing in this feature.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- there is a special kind of hell reserved for the women who fall into the clutches of today 's jihadi fighters. we are all familiar with the brutality of isis , the self-anointed islamic state , or boko haram , the nigerian terrorists who have pledged allegiance to isis. this new wave of violent islamist groups proudly brandishes medieval methods of cruelty through modern technology as a tool of recruitment and intimidation. the jihadi chiefs have a strategy beyond the battlefield. what they do to women has an altogether different purpose : it is part of the larger plan of building a `` caliphate , '' a sharia-ruled state complete with controls and norms harking back to the seventh century or , rather , to the group 's interpretation of life in the early days of islam.
three people are fortunate to be alive after a hot air balloon collided with a transmission tower and crashed to the ground during a training session in russia. the instructor and two passengers were hospitalised with cuts and bruises but are all reported to be in a stable condition. the filmmaker captured the moment the balloon collides with the side of the transmission tower. the horrifying incident took place in the sky over russia 's dmitrov district. recording from a car , the filmmaker follows three hot air balloons through the trees as they float in the sky. in the right hand corner of the screen a balloon can be seen edging closer to a transmission tower , but it seems it be moving in a controlled manner.
this is the man who was caught on surveillance cameras appeared to punch a three-year-old boy in the face at a supermarket. justin whittington , 23 , was arrested on friday in bakersfield , california , and charged with child cruelty after the video of the alleged abuse surfaced online. but following interviews , his charge was changed from ` cruelty ' to ` endangerment ' , and his bail dropped from $ 1 million to $ 20,000. he will be released by sunday morning , with a court date set for april 24. scroll down for video. pictured : this is justin whittington , the man charged with punching a three-year-old boy in the face.
a lobster restaurant in canada has issued a detailed and sincere apology after it was attacked by online commenters for a ban on ` small screaming children '. the message , posted last sunday night , was deleted by monday morning after a torrent of online abuse came from disgruntled parents. scroll down for video. lobster pound and moore in cape breton , nova scotia , kicked off a internet debate when it announced that it would no longer allow ` small screaming children ' into its dining room. the canadian seafood restaurant had said that it was ` an adult themed restaurant that caters to those who enjoy food and are out to enjoy themselves ' commenters began giving the restaurant 's facebook page one-star reviews and said that they would never again set foot in his restaurant.
so mourners at a taiwanese man 's memorial were shocked after they were treated to a sexy performance by two scantily-clad strippers - hired by the deceased 's own wife , the people 's daily online reported. dressed in little more than underwear and thigh-high boots , the exotic dancers showed off their moves in a scene more fitting to a strip club than a funeral home. scroll down for video. two hot dancers wearing just bras and miniskirts danced around the casket showing off their sexy moves to open mouthed mourners. mrs jian said she knew her spouse always had an eye for the ladies and wanted to ensure that his final journey was one that he would appreciate.
russian artist marina yamkovskaia , 39 , specializes in creating life-like bird dolls and says she ca n't keep up with orders. indeed , on her website all of the critters appear to have sold out except for one $ 399 fluffy owl named leo. a product description states that the 5.5 in bird was crafted from mink fur and his joints are ` movable. scroll down for video. bizarre trend : russian artist marina yamkovskaia , 39 , specializes in creating life-like bird dolls -lrb- above -rrb- and says she ca n't keep up with orders. although yamkovskaia specializes in owls , piglets , cats , pandas and bears are other animals which feature in her collection.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- call it a little piece of heaven for a family torn apart by tragedy. sharry was eight months pregnant. but then smith fell and hit his head. the father of my unborn child. `` they asked me if i would be willing to ` play around ' with capturing their first family photo by editing taos ' daddy in one of their pictures , '' kayli rene ' photography posted on facebook. ''
tyra banks made her awards ceremony hosting debut on sunday at the daytime emmy awards in burbank , california and delivered on her promise of multiple outfits. the 41-year-old model and television personality also premiered a new short hairdo at the awards ceremony honouring the best in daytime television. scroll down for video. hosting debut : tyra banks made her awards ceremony hosting debut on sunday at the 42nd annual daytime emmy awards in burbank , california. matt however was then shown with his head superimposed over the body of a chiseled man wearing only tasseled pasties , black briefs and lace-topped stockings.
neuroscientists have identified the area of the brain that is the key to picking up on when someone is being sarcastic. they found that people with damage to the right sagittal stratum - a bundle of white matter that lies between the cerebral cortex and subcortical structures in the brain - are unable to detect sarcasm. stroke patients with damage in the sagittal stratum in the right hemisphere of the brain -lrb- shown in the image above -rrb- were far poorer at detecting sarcasm when listening to sentences , according to the new research. stroke survivors often suffer damage to this area of their brain and struggle to recognise when family and friends are being sarcastic.
a didgeridoo maker demonstrated the power of music when he played a tune and caused a herd of cows to stand to attention. italian musician andrea furlan was captured on camera by filmmaker friend irina niculescu standing in front of a river in stony stratford , milton keynes. he holds a ` butterfly landscape ' designed instrument to his mouth and plays a tune , while an unsuspecting herd of cows graze in the background. the professional didgeridoo maker plays a tune while unsuspecting cows graze in the background. other cows lift their head from the ground and look in the direction of the sound , while another on the left also begins walking towards the river.
in a blog post , wardy told how the mom , veronica of richland , washington , wanted to buy `` big hero 6 '' fabric to make pillows for her two children. the problem ? the fabric did n't include two of the heroes from the movie : the female characters , honey lemon and gogo. girl empowerment ads like goldieblox : do they work ? a licensing manager for springs creative responded that the company has found that boys do n't want girl characters on their things. `` you are also telling girls they are unworthy , unwanted and that it 's un-cool to be smart and confident.
danielle busby looked tired but ecstatic as she appeared on today for an interview just a week after giving birth. olivia marie , ava lane , hazel grace , parker kate and riley paige are all still in an incubator at houston 's woman 's hospital of texas. they 're so precious and they 're doing really , really well , ' danielle said as she beamed holding her husband adam 's hand. scroll down for video. ecstatic : danielle and adam busby said they are still in shock but delighted a week after the birth. a journey ahead : adam admitted it was ` overwhelming ' changing the babies ` because they 're so tiny ' half a dozen girls : along with their older daughter , blayke -lrb- pictured -rrb- , they now have six girls.
a young mother and her three children have been found murdered in their home. latasha gosling , 27 , of tisdale , saskatchewan , and her two daughters , janyaa , 4 , and jenika , 8 , and her son landen , 7 , were discovered early wednesday one day after they were reported missing. the suspect in the case was found just hours later dead , and while police would not say how he died they did say that it was not a homicide. latasha gosling , 27 , and her two daughters , janyaa , 4 , and jenika , 8 , and her son landen , 7 , -lrb- above -rrb- were discovered early wednesday.
the ex-partner of disgraced queensland politician billy gordon has opened up about the years of abuse she suffered , including three months where she and her children were essentially held hostage and forced to live in fear. the queensland government was plunged into crisis after when details of the cook mp 's criminal past emerged , leading the premier , annastacia palaszczuk to call for his resignation. after mr gordon 's dark past was revealed he resigned from the labor party but refused to resign from parliament. the ex-partner of queensland politician billy gordon has opened up about the years of abuse she suffered.
kanye west has revealed that he is sick of the notion that celebrities are controlling society as members of the secret group the illuminati , in an essay that he penned for paper magazine 's american dream issue. less than a year after his wife kim kardashian posed nude for the magazine , the 37-year-old rapper stars on paper 's latest cover , donning a grey sweatshirt from his collection for adidas and a necklace featuring his daughter north 's nickname , nori. ' i am tired of people pinpointing musicians as the illuminati. ' scroll down for video. american icon : kanye west covers paper magazine 's april issue - less than a year after his wife kim kardashian posed nude for the glossy.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- jackson gordon is no ordinary 21-year-old. hanging in his workshop gordon has a full suit of armor plating , cape and cowl -- matte black and built to stop a knife. gordon has an alter ego : the dark knight himself , batman. you might expect his origin story to be cloaked in mystery , but speaking to cnn gordon is quick to explain how the transformation took place. gordon says his calling came five years ago when he began experimenting with cosplay. `` previously i 'd been involved with costume making ... i 'd made a version of the batsuit from christopher nolan 's ` dark knight trilogy ' and i really liked that suit , '' gordon says.
instead , the single mother of two is partying away her final years on brighton 's gay scene and regularly emerges from clubs in the early hours of the morning. having fun : bette adores gay clubs and frequently leaves in the early hours of the morning. ' i do n't want to go back to ironing shirts and saying : `` here 's your dinner darling ''. support : daughters kim and sue are both supportive of their mother 's party lifestyle. ' i absolutely dreaded being 40 - i thought `` that 's so old '' - but here i am two years off being 80 and thanking god for where i am and what i 'm doing.
the european union launched a. legal attack on gazprom on wednesday , stoking tensions. with moscow as it accused the russian gas giant of overcharging. buyers in eastern europe and hindering competition. gazprom was barring eu clients from selling on its gas to other. states - a particular concern in recent efforts to aid ukraine - and pressuring governments to back its pipeline interests. russian foreign minister sergei lavrov said that the charges were ` absolutely unacceptable '. the european union launched a legal attack on gazprom on wednesday , stoking tensions with moscow as it accused the russian gas giant of overcharging buyers in eastern europe and hindering competition.
the tiny home is sandwiched between two double fronted properties on a leafy street in islington , north london. scroll down for video. the tiny home -lrb- circled -rrb- , sandwiched between two other properties , which has sold for # 750,000 , is located on a leafy street in islington , north london. the home has what boat owners would call a narrow ` galley kitchen ' , an expert has said , with the estate agency calling it ` well proportioned ' the property is a two-bedroom apartment , with a narrow but long and extended back section. at its widest , it stretches across 8ft 8in.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- easter is unique on the christian calendar , a major point in the cycle of the religious year , and one that has always been able to resist the commercialization and culture warring that surrounds christmas. that 's in part because easter is genuinely about how religious impulses , and patterns , can operate in ways that affect our lives. nevertheless , i 'm often surprised by how little people , even those supposedly within the christian tradition , actually know about what is called holy week and its culmination on easter sunday. why do christians make so much of this springtime week , and make so much of easter weekend ? there is a phrase that many never come across , even among christians : easter triduum.
geoff whitington , 63 , from ashford , kent , was made so sick by obesity-related type 2 diabetes that he had been told he may need a leg amputated. despite the wobbly bottom lip and huffy , crossed arms , geoff happens to be a 63-year-old father of four grown-up children. the problem will be all too familiar to anyone who has broached the subject of healthier eating with a parent who might not have the most up-to-date ideas about diet. for years , geoff was ill , made so sick by obesity-related type 2 diabetes that he had been told he may need a leg amputated.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- a fiery sunset greeted people in washington sunday. the deep reddish color caught seattle native tim durkan 's eye. the stunning sunsets were the result of raging wildfires in parts of siberia. `` the dramatic sunsets began showing up over the weekend and had seattle locals wondering where the amber-colored haze was originating from , '' durken said. the fires were started in southeastern siberia , by farmers burning grass in their fields. but on april 14 , it is believed that the flames quickly grew out of control because of strong winds and spread throughout the region , according to cnn affiliate komo-tv.
most scientists agree that a bit of stress is good for you , stimulating your body to produce an important hormone called cortisol. scroll down for video. a university of nebraska researcher has revealed why stress is bad for you in a video -lrb- still image shown -rrb-. limited periods of stress are good , as they release the hormone cortisol. but too much will lower your immune system and make your bones fragile. cortisol is known as the ` stress hormone '. although stress is n't the only reason that cortisol is secreted into the bloodstream , it has been termed the ` stress hormone ' as it is released when the body is in ` fight or flight ' mode.
amid the frenetic chaos of a north east derby low on sustained quality came a goal as memorable as any scored in this fixture over the years. sunderland were the better team here. they were superior in terms of energy and creativity against a newcastle side rather inexcusably playing -- to use the term their manager hates -- with their ` flip-flops on ' once again. nothing dick advocaat 's home team did , however , was anywhere near as exquisite as the goal that won this contest for them. jermain defoe -lrb- centre -rrb- connects beautifully with a left-footed volley to fire sunderland into a 1-0 lead against newcastle united.
as the pictures surfaced of gwyneth paltrow on holiday with her estranged husband chris martin earlier today , jaws dropped at the actress 's super-toned figure. the star is well-known for her saintly approach to food and exercise and it continues to pay off - at 42 she has the figure of a woman half her age. gwyneth is n't alone in this new attitude to life past the age of forty - a whole host of women are looking better in their fifth decade than ever. scroll down for video. gwyneth paltrow shows her enviable beach bod in a marysia scallop edged black teeny bikini.
` i 'm pretty sure i did n't say `` hey , universe , make me handicapped. ' a surprising number of disabled people have been accused of ` faking it ' to earn perks. a surprising number of users claimed to have been accused of ` faking ' their disabilities , or playing them up , particularity when it comes to disabled parking spots. ' perhaps the most obnoxious habit mentioned was people recommending ` diets ' , ` remedies ' or ` cures '. '
investigators have now rescued 550 fisherman slaves from a remote indonesian island after returning to the scene of an earlier rescue to check nobody was left behind. a dramatic rescue earlier in the week led to 210 mainly-burmese nationals being identified , the vast majority of whom said they were desperate to leave the island village of benjina. those who said they wanted to stay did so because they claimed they were owed years of back pay from their bosses. slaves : a dramatic rescue earlier in the week led to many of the mainly-burmese nationals being identified , the vast majority of whom said they were desperate to leave the the island village of benjina.
a senior aide to us senator kelly ayotte has resigned after he was arrested for allegedly soliciting a prostitute , the senator 's office said. david wihby , 61 , was arrested on friday in nashua on a misdemeanor charge for solicitation of prostitution and resigned on saturday , according to ayotte 's office. wihby has been the new hampshire republican 's state director for the last year and her number-two staffer behind the chief of staff. david wihby , 61 , was arrested on friday on a misdemeanor charge for solicitation of prostitution and stepped down from his government role on saturday.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- lady antebellum singer hillary scott 's tour bus caught fire on a texas freeway thursday morning , but everyone on board was safely evacuated. michael barnett captured dramatic video of the fire , on interstate 30 just northeast of dallas , and uploaded it to cnn ireport. smoke and flames poured from the rear of the bus as traffic slowed to a crawl and barnett slowly approached in his vehicle. '' barnett said he did n't realize at the time that the bus belonged to the country band. hillary scott , co-lead singer for the band , posted a photo of the charred bus on instagram and noted that she , her husband , the tour manager and the driver were all evacuated safely.
kim sei-young will take a three-shot lead into the final round of the ana inspiration after carding a three-under-par 69 in california on saturday. the south korean , who led by two shots at the halfway stage at mission hills country club , birdied the first hole before a bogey at the par-three fifth halted her progress. kim returned to one-under par for the round when she picked up a shot at the par-five ninth , before successive birdies on the 16th and 17th moved her to three under-par for the day and 10 under overall. the south korean shot a three-under-par round of 69 on day three of the competition.
he told in chilling detail how cattle cars full of jews were brought to the auschwitz death camp , the people stripped of their belongings and then most led directly into gas chambers. oskar groening is being tried on 300,000 counts of accessory to murder , related to a period between may and july 1944 when around 425,000 jews from hungary were brought to the auschwitz-birkenau complex in nazi-occupied poland and most immediately gassed to death. scroll down for videos. a former ss sergeant -lrb- pictured -rrb- described in chilling detail wednesday how cattle cars full of jews were brought to the auschwitz death camp , the people stripped of their belongings and then most led directly into gas chambers.
a tiny garden gnome that appeared on the cover of the beatles ' sgt pepper 's album and was signed by all four band member has sold for # 29,000. the cardboard gnome featured alongside a host of celebrities and historic figures including actress diana dors , singer bob dylan and actor marlon brando on the psychedelic cover of the ground-breaking 1967 album. the cardboard gnome featured alongside a host of celebrities and historic figures including actress diana dors , singer bob dylan and actor marlon brando on the psychedelic cover of the ground-breaking 1967 album. the knee-high little gnome , circled , appeared next to george harrison 's left leg on the famous album cover.
the time is around 9pm on a thursday and 7,000 people are chanting ` yes ! yes ! yes ! ' in a pitch-black car park in london 's docklands. yes , actually walk over -- with our bare feet. fed up with a life spent worrying , single and broke , i 've set myself a bizarre challenge to live by the rules of a different self-help guru each month. marianne -lrb- pictured -rrb- has set herself a bizarre challenge to live by the rules of a different self-help guru each month and this month she chose that of anthony robbins.
a midwife has today accepted her mistakes ` contributed ' to the deaths of two babies at a scandal-hit maternity unit. marie teresa ratcliffe refused to defend herself against a raft of misconduct charges , choosing not to show up at her fitness to practise hearing at the nursing and midwifery council -lrb- nmc -rrb-. the panel has been told ms ratcliffe accepts 77 allegations relating to her care and treatment of 14 patients at the scandal-hit furness general hospital in cumbria between february 2004 and september 2013. former midwife marie ratcliffe refused to defend herself against 77 misconduct charges at a fitness to practise hearing in front of the nursing and midwifery council.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- the united states department of justice has named a new defendant in the war on drugs , and the charges are serious indeed. a 15-count indictment filed in federal court in california bristles with accusations of conspiracies , transporting prescription pharmaceuticals dispensed with illegal prescriptions , violations of the controlled substances act , misbranding charges , and money laundering charges. in fact , in many ways they are easier to prosecute than people. corporations do n't have all the same inconvenient constitutional rights as citizens accused of crimes. imprisoning convicted citizens is expensive , but corporate convictions , on the other hand , turn tidy profits for the u.s. government , with zero prison overhead.
women from around the world have been writing letters to convicted australian serial killer ivan milat since he was locked up in a maximum security prison twenty years ago , a new book reveals. the milat letters , is a compilation of 94 notes from milat to his eldest nephew alistair shipsey. milat is serving seven consecutive life sentences for the murders of seven backpackers in nsw between 1989 and 1992. ' scroll down for video. ivan milat butchered and buried the bodies of seven young people between 1989 and 1992 in the belanglo state forest in southern nsw. ivan milat , 70 , was convicted of butchering seven young people between 1989 and 1992 and burying their bodies in the belanglo state forest in southern nsw.
a missing 16-year-old schoolgirl who vanished from her home two days ago is believed to be with a man in his 20s. isobel attwood has not made contact with her family since leaving her home in winchester , hampshire , on saturday afternoon. police are appealing for help to find the schoolgirl who is described as white , 5ft 4ins tall , of a ` small build ' and has brown hair with extensions. friends have posted on social media saying the 16-year-old is in southampton with a man in his 20s. ' heather farquharson said : ` apparently she 's in southampton with her boyfriend who is in his 20s.
each year thousands of homeless pooches facing euthanasia - some hours away from death - get loaded on planes and flown to new homes in places where shelters are experiencing shortages. groups such as california-based wings of rescue or south carolina-based pilots n paws recruit pilots to volunteer their planes , fuel and time. the two non-profits say their concept has been a roaring success with the numbers increasing year-on-year. it 's estimated that more than 4 million u.s. pets are euthanized every year. scroll down for video. pilot pooch , do you read me ? each year thousands of homeless dogs facing euthanasia - some hours from death - get loaded on planes and flown to new homes in places where shelters are experiencing shortages.
of course , it 's not just her strikingly similar resemblance to 25-year-old taylor that 's helped elizabeth book private appearances and live concerts where she performs the shake it off singer 's greatest hits ; the charleston , south carolina , native can also sing , dance , and act just like her lookalike. scroll down for video. similar superfan : elizabeth scarborough , 21 , impersonates taylor swift when she 's not attending school in south carolina. before embarking on a career impersonating taylor six years ago , elizabeth was just a big fan of the star -- until classmates at her all-girls school began telling her she looked like the grammy winner.
`` yeah , '' frances says with a grin and mock-exasperation , `` looking at my dad every day. '' -lrb- preview the cover story and listen to a previously unheard cobain song here. that is one of many stories and revelations that come out over almost three hours late one afternoon in early march , as frances , now 22 and a visual artist , speaks publicly for the first time about her father ; life after his death ; her complex relationship with her mother , courtney love ; and the new film , written , directed and produced by brett morgen.
navigating route 1 from san fran 's iconic golden gate bridge to la , jane horrocks enjoys her road trip. the brilliant audio guide that leads you around the prison is narrated only by men who were once guards or prisoners on the rock , making for an eerie and compelling tour. it 's only about 350 miles as the crow flies between san francisco and la , but this -lrb- mostly -rrb- coastal route is probably well over 500 miles long as it winds through some of california 's most wonderful , ever-changing scenery. much of the highway has a 55mph speed limit and has only one lane in each direction - it 's time to take your foot off the gas , relax and take it all in.
a michigan family have been left devastated after a state department of natural resources officer shot dead their beloved pet potbelly pig , claiming little ` caesar ' made him feel threatened while on the loose. killed : little caesar was shot dead at the weekend after wandering off from his family 's home in ispheming in northern michigan. he was killed by a dnr officer , who believed he was feral. beloved : brandy savelle -lrb- pictured -rrb- and tony gervasi have had caesar as a pet for about two years , and had been trying to teach him to stay outdoors when he wandered off.
a young english cricket fan who wrote a letter to richie benaud asking for tips on spin bowling almost 20 years ago has shared the australian cricket great 's response in the wake of his death. jonathan stevenson was just 16 years old when he asked for benaud 's advice on left-handed leg spin and he shared the lengthy response on twitter on friday as a tribute to the ` great man '. ` wrote to richie benaud when i was 16 about bowling leggies. scroll down for video. a letter from richie benaud to an english fan , jonathon stevenson , almost 20 years ago emerged on friday in the wake of the cricket legend 's death.
an australian rebel fighter has been showing off his new pet on social media after buying a tiger cub whilst fighting in syria. the photo shows a beautiful young tiger cub in the hands of a freelance rebel fighter , known as ahmed shaheed. the extravagant purchase will remain with its mother until it is old enough to become shaheed 's pet. the 28-year-old fighter from sydney , showed off his new furry investment , posting a picture of the tiger cub on his social media account. unwilling to reveal the cost of his furry investment , the fighter did confirm that he had bought the tiger cub from a small village , near the syrian city of aleppo , where he has recently been based.
an imam who was gunned down in the street in a murder that is thought to have links to terrorism had been replaced at his mosque by a caribbean preacher involved in an attempted coup d'état 25 years ago. abdul hadi arwani , 48 , was found slumped in a volkswagen passat on wednesday morning in wembley. he was said to have been embroiled in dispute with his former workplace , the an-noor mosque in acton , where he had been replaced by hassan anyabwile from trinidad and tobago. the name of mr anyabwile , 53 , appears in caribbean parliament documents surrounding a violent coup attempt in 1990 by muslim group jamaat al muslimeen.
but after losing two thirds of his body wight in just five years paul mason now faces a new challenge - ridding himself of the unsightly rolls of skin he longer needs. the brit , from ipswich , suffolk , managed to shed a staggering 46st after gastric bypass surgery in 2010 but the nhs have refused to give him an operation to remove his 7st of excess skin. scroll down for video. now : paul mason , pictured in hospital last month when he was treated for an infection in his leg , once tipped the scales at 70st but has lost 46st in five years.
the father , who works as a florist arranging intricate displays , was greeted with a letter from code enforcement city officials one day later saying that his creation must be scrapped. scroll down for video. city code enforcement officials in ogden , utah , have told resident jeremy trentelman to take down the elaborate box fort he built for his son and daughter in his front yard. the family said it will leave the box fort , which includes a slide and trampoline , up for 14 days , the maximum allowed before a fine. trentelman was only planning on leaving the fort in his yard for a few days , but now has decided to leave it up for the maximum two weeks before he receives a $ 125 fine.
scroll down for video. a big pitfall in dinner dates can be the awkward silence - the moment when both parties struggle to think of a topic of conversation -lrb- picture posed by models -rrb-. but a tumblr blog called conversation sparks has now come to the rescue with hundreds of interesting facts to kickstart a chat. the cartoons by illustrator ryan chapman have all been designed for when you find yourself in the middle of an awkward pause. they include : ` tall men marry earlier but short men stay married longer , ' and , ` more home pregnancy kits are sold in march than any other month.
but this was no ordinary shop - this was burberry chief creative and chief executive officer christopher bailey 's new beverley hills flagship. over 700 guests , including superstars cara delevingne , suki waterhouse , mila kunis , elton john , rosie huntington-whiteley , anna wintour and the entire beckham brood , turned out to support their pal christopher at the london in los angeles event at griffith observatory. scroll down for video. the event also marks the launch of its new flagship store on rodeo drive that opened in november. christopher bailey 's meteoric rise through the ranks at burberry hit new heights after the yorkshire-born designer was named ceo at just 42-years-old back in october 2013.
a company has copped a spray after making the ` tasteless decision ' to link its product to the tragic murder of school teacher stephanie scott. pest control company mortein posted a picture to the account of its mascot , louie the fly , along with ' #putyourdressout ' , which was a widely shared hashtag in support of ms scott. ' mortein has copped a spray after making the ` tasteless decision ' to link its product to the tragic murder of school teacher stephanie scott. ` there 's a time and a place for everything , and mortein had no place in posting an ad tying into stephanie scott , ' one user tweeted.
8,000 women in their 70s are diagnosed and treated for breast cancer. noreen spendlove was reassured when the results of her latest mammogram were normal. noreen , then 68 , had the scan as part of the nhs breast cancer screening programme , and as she says : ` as always , getting the all-clear was a big relief. ' but 18 months later , shortly before her 70th birthday , the mother-of-three from derbyshire developed intermittent pain in her left side , just below her breast. this revealed three lumps on her left breast , which were all tumours. ' breast cancer screening was introduced in 1988 , with women aged 50 to 64 invited for a mammogram every three years.
the life of a 16-year-old girl stabbed to death at a connecticut school a year ago on the day of prom was celebrated saturday by hundreds of people with a road race , fried food and live music. wearing shirts in maren sanchez 's favorite color of purple , the crowd filled a baseball field behind milford 's jonathan law high school , where she was attacked and killed in a hallway on april 25 , 2014. a classmate , christopher plaskon , has been charged with murder. plans : maren sanchez , pictured in the dress she had planned to wear to prom , was excited about the dance which was due to attend with her new boyfriend last year.
alastair cook and jonathan trott are the sixth english pair to score more than 100 runs together on 10 occasions , and the england captain is part of three of them. 1. 2. 3. cook and pietersen -lrb- 2006-13 -rrb- -- 13. 4. 5. 6. jonathan trott -lrb- left -rrb- and alastair cook shake hands after reaching their 10th hundred partnership. remarkably , their opening-stand century was england 's first in test cricket for more than two years -- since march 2013 when cook and nick compton scored an impressive 231 against new zealand in dunedin. news comes from the indian premier league that new zealand all-rounder corey anderson is a doubt for next month 's series in england after breaking a finger.
the controller of bbc radio 3 has branded audiences ignorant and claims broadcasting classical music has become more challenging as a result. mr davey was asked about changes to general classical music knowledge over the last 30 years. ` they did not need to have the ins and outs of classical music explained to them. ` the modern audience might not be getting the same education in music in school as they might have done a few years ago -- not consistently so , anyway. ` we 'll be presenting more longer pieces and greater variety of composers , and we also provide the additional different kinds of music and the cultural commentary throughout.
they like to play a bit of queen at bournemouth 's little home in the minutes before their matches start. they might be better served singing the grand old duke of york. only those 10,000 men on that hill could possibly relate to the absurdities of bournemouth 's afternoon engagement with sheffield wednesday. how delightfully fitting in this remarkable season of championship football that a team unbeaten in 10 before saturday 's kick-off would draw at home to a side with nothing to gain or lose. chris maguire converts an injury time penalty so salvage a draw for sheffield wednesday at dean court.
laos is a popular tourist destination known for its beautiful scenery and ornate temples , however not many people venture below the surface and discover that what is underground is perhaps even more spectacular. cave photographer , john spies , 59 , captured the sheer magnificence of the vast , yet intricate , underground wonderland. this slowly growing mound of white and orange calcite is one of the larger deposits along the river passage. rippling reflections : a blue-tinted glow from outside illuminates the entrance chamber of the cave. tham khoun ex caves , commonly known as xe bang fai river caves , feature imposing stalagmitemade of mineral deposits.
when he was just three weeks old , kibulu the african lion cub met donna wilson. kibulu 's mother had rejected him in favour of his siblings and zoo keepers quickly decided it was n't safe for him to stay. ` we named him kibulu , which is swahili for blue , because he had these unusual electric blue eyes when he arrived , ' ms wilson told daily mail australia. scroll down for video. zambi wildlife retreat fostered kibulu as a three-week-old cub after his mother rejected him at the nsw zoo where he was born. kibulu greets one of the zambi wildlife retreat directors , traci griffiths , at the centre in western sydney.
switzerland is the world 's happiest nation thanks to healthy gdp figures , strong social bonds and an increasing life expectancy , a new study of global wellbeing has revealed. the list is dominated by european nations , particularly those in scandinavia , and measures a country 's population by factors contributing to its citizens ' contentment , rather than wealth. britons are happier now than they were two years ago , the study found , but still ranks in at a relatively lowly 21st place. unsurprisingly the world 's least happy countries are places ravaged by war and extreme poverty - with syria , burundi and togo taking their place at the bottom of the 158-nation strong list.
from blasting aliens and escaping charging warlocks to bluffing on poker sites , online gaming can be intense. a mouse called ventus x has a built-in honeycomb grill to let the skin breathe and a rugged coating so sweaty gamers can continue to the accessory. the venus x -lrb- pictured -rrb- has a built-in honeycomb grill to let the skin breathe and a rugged coating so sweaty gamers can continue to the accessory. the mouse provides ` enhanced modern technology and classic design that fits all gamers and bring style to gaming , ' according to the taiwan-based firm that makes it.
indigenous australian models have yet to make a significant impact on the runway but an exclusively aboriginal modelling agency is in the swing of changing that cultural fashion landscape. the only other indigenous face to join the 24-year-old stunner at the biggest week on the country 's fashion calendar over the past two years is lauren feenstra. on the rise : adina-lee vincent is one of the many emerging models signed with aboriginal model management australia. gaining ground : the agency started off with just five models and now has 40 including noreen carr -lrb- pictured -rrb-. however , next year 's annual global event will mark a significant shift if aboriginal model management australia founder kira-lea dargin gets her way.
the son of a bulgarian housekeeper has been accepted in to all eight ivy league schools -- and a further ten big league universities. stefan stoykov , a senior at north central high school in indianapolis , indiana , moved to the us from bulgaria as an eight-year-old when he could not speak a word of english. scroll down for video. top of the class : stefan stoykov has been accepted in to all eight ivy league schools -- and a further ten big league universities. ' brown , columbia , cornell , dartmouth , harvard , penn , yale and princeton have all come knocking.
whether it is crocs , hotpants or ugg boots , everyone has their achilles heel and this summer many will be concerned about the arrival of the septum piercing. in recent months , a whole host of stars have been wearing the body jewellery , including fka twigs , rihanna and lady gaga. fka twigs has been one of the main trendsetters when it comes to the septum ring. the septum ring is n't a new trend - the process of piercing the wall between the two nostrils has been done for years. in australia , aboriginals used the piercing to try and flatten their nose , which they believed made them look more attractive.
a teenager is in intensive care after he drunkenly slid down a glass shopping centre roof and crashed onto stone steps. jacob polyakov cracked his head on the floor after plunging off the edge of the sec ` globe ' centre in kiev , ukraine. his friend jamal maslow , who fell off the roof first , broke his coccyx after landing on the corner of one of the steps. witnesses rushed over to the teenagers , both 17 , after the accident and found mr maslow in huge amounts of pain. mr polyakov was unconscious. a teenager is in intensive care and another has a broken coccyx after they drunkenly slid down a glass shopping centre roof and crashed onto stone steps in kiev , ukraine.
horrific cctv footage has emerged of a husband smashing his dancer wife 's head into concrete paving 11 times then shooting her in the face five times. sickening video captured on security cameras shows crazed milton vieira severiano , 32 , dragging the limp body of dancer cicera alves de sena , 29 , into the garden of their apartment in the city of rio de janeiro in eastern brazil. horrific cctv footage has emerged of a husband smashing his dancer wife 's head into concrete paving 11 times then shooting her in the face five times. milton vieira severiano confessed that he battered and shot his wife because he was jealous of men looking at her.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- there will be no hate crime charges for two males arrested in the beating of a man that may have been sparked by a question about the 2014 shooting of michael brown. st. louis police have charged ronald williams , 21 , with assault. a 15-year-old has also been arrested , according to authorities. there had been speculation that the suspects might be charged with a hate crime because the victim was white and the people who attacked him were black. and because the punches were thrown following the michael brown reference. `` specifically , when put in context , it did not support the finding that the acts in this case met the elements of the hate crime statute in the state of missouri , specifically proving the motivating factor behind the individual that we have charged , ed postawko with the st. louis circuit attorney 's office told cnn affilaite kmov.
nicola sturgeon was booed last night as she refused to rule out holding a second independence vote in the next few years -- despite having earlier claimed 2014 's referendum was a ` once in a generation ' event. ' but last night , in an election debate on scottish tv , she said she respected last year 's result , and said she would not call for another plebiscite in the snp manifesto for the westminster election in may. scroll down for video. support : asked by mr murphy -lrb- left -rrb- where she ` wanted ' mr miliband to be prime minister , ms sturgeon -lrb- right -rrb- said : ` i 'm offering to help make ed miliband prime minister.
one of the biggest catalysts has been `` the meatrix , '' a 2003 animation parody based on `` the matrix '' and produced by the grace communications foundation , which crystallized the public health risks and environmental harms of factory farming. a decade ago , concepts like `` sustainable farming , '' `` animal welfare '' and `` organic food '' were considered fringe. while some consumers were beginning to take interest in where their meat and produce came from , public knowledge of sustainable food was limited. the standard gut-wrenching images of animal cruelty and sickly calves were ineffectual and mostly turned people off instead of urging them to make better food choices.
a cafe in the philippines is serving up artistic cups of coffee for customers who enjoy their beverages tailor made. the owner of the bunny baker cafe in manila etches customised caricatures into coffee froth at no extra cost to his clientele , even detailing local favourite , boxer manny pacquiao. zach yonzon uses steamed milk and froth as the canvas upon which he creates his masterpieces. the service started out as a simple novelty when the owner began etching rabbits , which coincide with the cafe 's theme , into cups of coffee. captured in the short video , the cafe 's owner mr yonzon can be seen etching the face of the much-loved filipino boxer manny pacquiao , into a cup of coffee.
all peachy skin and thick , glossy locks , she also looks trim and toned in skinny jeans. there is no ` pillow face ' here or unnaturally shaped eyebrows -lrb- a telltale sign -rrb-. glynis barber , pictured at the olivier awards at the royal opera house in london last week. but for me a healthy lifestyle is the key. for the past two years , under the tutelage of nutritional therapist fleur borrelli , glynis has changed what and how she eats -- and in the process , she says , transformed her health and her figure. she tore up her rulebook too : out went breakfast -- instead she has just two large meals a day.
from awkwardly handing a beggar some change , to failing at eating a bacon sandwich , it is fair to say labour spin doctors have so far failed to make ed miliband look cool. from hollywood legends marlon brando and harrison ford , to astronaut neil armstrong and even tv 's latest heart-throb poldark , these images prove there is nothing that photoshop can not achieve. scroll down for video. ed , ed miliband : in an attempt to make the labour leader look cool , twitter users have begun editing his face on to the body of famous men , including daniel craig as james bond in movie casino royale.
a woman who suffered stomach cramps and bleeding for two years was horrified to be told it was due to a tumour the size of a golf ball in her cervix. kerry hamilton was finally diagnosed with leiomyosarcoma , a rare cancer of the soft tissue normally found in women over 50. at just 34 , she was forced to undergo a hysterectomy and was devastated at the thought of not being able to have children. doctors finally discovered she had a tumour the size of a golf ball growing in her cervix. ms hamilton , an education consultant , began experiencing odd symptoms in 2009 , when she flew to south africa to volunteer at a lion research centre for a month -lrb- pictured -rrb-.
but it becomes completely believable when it is brought to life through the inspirational , optimistic , comeback story of a charismatic , beautiful , young woman named belle gibson. belle cast a spell through her endearing vulnerability and charming personality , collecting an enormous social media following who were enamoured with her brave account of reclaiming her health. wellness warrior belle gibson has admitted that she never had cancer and does not want forgiveness. we were enchanted by belle ´ s journey , as well as by belle herself. believe it or not , studies show that people can not distinguish between behaviour that is honest and behaviour that is deceptive.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- it was a masterful performance. i watched in awe on thursday as cardiothoracic surgeon and celebrity talk show host mehmet oz surfed a gargantuan wave of criticism to shore. i should have expected that dr. oz would keep standing in the face of charges from a group of colleagues that he pushed `` quack treatments ... for personal financial gain. but he 's increasingly serving himself at a cost to columbia university and new york presbyterian hospital. if dr. oz was ever going to go down , surely his ship would 've sunk last summer in the wake of his disastrous testimony before a senate subcommittee.
teachers are set to call for ` play in the curriculum ' for schoolchildren up to seven as this is more suitable than educating them in a formal way. many children are not ready to sit down and do reading , writing and maths when they start school at the age of four or five , according to the national union of teachers -lrb- nut -rrb-. teachers want children to have more play time to encourage greater communication and social skills. they want the uk to follow the lead of countries such as finland which has 15 minute play time after lessons.
a five-year-old chinese girl who was left at home alone suffered broken bones and internal bleeding when she fell 150ft from a window. her mother , zheng jiayu , 31 , who left jiaojiao at home on her own , now can not afford the huge # 100,000 medical bill , according to people 's online daily. survivor : little jiaojiao pictured in hospital after falling from a 150ft from a window while her mother was out. her mother closed the windows and doors and left the flat for 10 minutes while she bought takeaway food. to her horror , she discovered an open window and saw a crowd had begun to gather around a bench below.
rangers boss stuart mccall has revealed he was warned about taking over at ibrox by walter smith - but insists he has made the right decision. the former light blues midfielder steered his new side to their third victory on the bounce with sunday 's 2-1 win over hearts. it was a crucial triumph that moves gers back into second place in the scottish championship and looks to have restored vital momentum ahead of the end-of-season play-offs. stuart mccall says he was warned not to take the rangers job but is pleased that he took the risk in the end. but he has revealed nine-in-a-row boss smith - who mccall says was the ` greatest manager ' he ever worked for - called to make sure the former scotland international knew what he was letting himself in for when he agreed to replace kenny mcdowall.
jennifer is a huge fitness fan , and the mother of two has completed triathlons. this week : jennifer lopez 's arms. she 's famous for her killer curves , but jennifer lopez 's upper-body is as impeccably toned. a huge fitness fan , the mother of two has completed triathlons. she avoids sugar and salt and tries to get eight hours ' sleep a night. start on all fours with your hands on the floor , slightly wider apart than shoulder width. slide your knees back and raise your feet off the floor until you are in a position where you can bend the elbows to drop your chest and push back up.
this is the moment when a family of ducks followed staff back to their office and made themselves at home after staff helped them across a busy road. employees at the recruitment company had spotted the mother and ten ducklings trying to cross the busy high street in sutton coldfield , west midlands , and dashed to help them across. scroll down for video. a mother and ten ducklings waddled into an office in the west midlands and drank from the water bowl. they ushered the family of ducks out of a back door to safety and they then disappeared into a nearby park.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- they left iran unwillingly , often in a hurry. iran is a difficult place to be gay or lesbian. mahmoud ahmadinejad , the former president of iran , famously said during a 2007 trip to the united states , `` in iran , we do n't have homosexuals , like in your country. homosexuality is illegal. you can be executed if convicted of engaging in sexual acts. kissing another person of the same sex can earn corporal punishment , like lashes. others have been pressured to undergo gender reassignment. psychologists in iran have reportedly pushed lgbt patients toward hormone therapy and eventually surgery.
carlo ancelotti has revealed karim benzema will miss real madrid 's la liga game at home to malaga on saturday after the frenchman limped out of training with a knee problem. benzema , who picked up the injury in tuesday 's 0-0 champions league quarter-final first leg draw at atletico madrid , should be fit for the return game at the santiago bernabeu on wednesday. real madrid striker karim benzema has been ruled out of his side 's la liga match against malaga. benzema rolls around on the floor during real madrid 's quarter-final clash against rivals atletico. losing their first-choice striker , even if just for one match , is a blow to the european champions at a crucial stage of the season.
do you have white spots on your nails or bleeding gums ? pimples on your arms or a dodgy stomach ? these are in fact signs your body is under stress , a nutritionist has warned. charlotte watts argues that stress drain nutrients from the body , meaning it shows up in some surprising ways. below , she recommends the best foods to get rid of each one. ` this is because our whole system - including energy , brain responses , hormones and immunity - is working at a higher and faster rate. ' as a result , some symptoms associated with vitamin or mineral deficiencies can also be a warning sign of the deeper , long-term effects of chronic stress.
but strauss , michael vaughan and alec stewart are all former england captains who would all bring their own experience and knowledge to the role. stuart broad admits he was sorry to see paul downton leave his role in the ecb. downton -lrb- centre -rrb- was sacked as ecb managing director after a dismal world cup this year. he 'd be the last person to make too much of a fuss about a hundred in a warm-up game but i 'd back him to score big runs in this series -- he looks refreshed and ready to go. during the world cup we did n't talk enough as players and the guys were n't speaking up as much as they needed to.
a tiny scottish hamlet named towie is bracing itself for the world 's next gold rush - after prospectors found evidence that it sits on major deposits. towie has been ignored by investors in favour of the oil industry but a two-year investigation has revealed the possible existence of gold deposits worth millions. a significant deposit is believed by scientists to lie somewhere near towie which shares its name with the popular essex reality tv show. sleepy towie , population 300 , has a single road , a few houses , primary school , church , graveyard and a community hall.
chokers , berry-coloured lips , round sunglasses and calvin klein logo t-shirts are all the rage with a new generation of fashion fans. but news that jnco , the brand responsible for the huge wideleg ` rave ' jeans , is set to make a comeback has horrified many of the people who wore the ridiculous pants the first time around. the return of the highly impractical jeans , which featured giant leg openings approaching 50in , has us contemplating the retro fashion nineties and noughties trends that really should be left in the past. femail rounds up the worst offenders ... scroll down for video.
tuesday night against italy could be the most important england game michael carrick has ever played. when carrick came on , england started to play. we have always had a major problem keeping the ball , but carrick keeps the game simple. roy hodgson 's team against italy looked like he had one eye on the future , but the only future england need to be focusing on is euro 2016. if that means going with a 34-year-old michael carrick in the heart of midfield , so be it. tuesday night 's friendly clash with italy could prove to be michael carrick 's most important england game.
young women no longer compare themselves to celebrities in glossy magazines but fret about how they look on facebook instead , according to a study. facebook consumes 40 per cent of the time young women spend online , psychologists at the university of new south wales in australia found. comparison site : a study found women compared themselves to their friends on facebook rather than celebrities in magazines. the study , of 150 college students and staff aged 17 to 25 , found they read magazines ` infrequently ' but checked facebook every few hours. the women preferred facebook as a means of judging themselves because they could compare their looks with peers similar to them and see how they had changed over time.
tim cook may have described the apple watch as ` the most personal device we 've ever created ' but reports claim the gadget does n't tolerate some individual 's tattoos. owners of the coveted watch have found the timepiece 's sensors malfunction when worn on tattooed wrists. scroll down for video. some owners of the apple watch have found that it malfunctions if worn on tattooed wrists -lrb- pictured -rrb-. the issue first came to light on reddit and twitter where a number of users reported similar issues , such as having to repeatedly enter a password to unlock the phone.
for a young man who has spent his career under the radar , the scene outside the riverside stadium on monday night was symbolic. james ward-prowse had just led england under 21s to a thrilling 3-2 victory over germany , scoring the winner after a remarkable 34-pass move. ' james ward-prowse is beginning to get noticed after starring displays for england u 21s and southampton. ward-prowse poses with the ball outside of southampton 's impressive marchwood training ground. he started at southampton trying not to be noticed -- he and alex oxlade-chamberlain used to travel on the same train from portsmouth to the academy hiding their club tracksuits -- and has been happy making progress away from the public gaze.
owned by amazon.com founder jeff bezos has finished work on a. rocket engine for a suborbital spaceship. called blue origin , the firm expects to begin. flight tests this year. the so-called new shepard spaceship is designed to fly three. about 62 miles -lrb- 100 km -rrb- above earth. scroll down for video. the new shepard system will take astronauts to space on suborbital journeys , and the firm is also developing an orbital craft , shown here. origin 's west texas facility near van horn , texas , southeast of. testing and development of the rocket engine , called be-3 ,.
a 30-stone texan woman has used her eight-foot belly to entice men from around the world , including latest hubby , lance. gayla neufeld , 52 , struggled to deal with her family 's unusual legacy of piling weight around the midriff for years. but the happy couple , who live in manitoba , canada , are now using gayla 's 96-inch asset to launch her new career - as an international webcam model. scroll down for video. 30 stone gayla neufeld met her truck driver husband lance on a fat-fetish forum. i have had doctors , lawyers and even bodybuilders , lots of bodybuilders , approach me , which really amazed me.
a fashion designer 's 30,000 sq ft los angeles mansion , which features a two-story-tall chandelier and 22 bathrooms , is now on the market with a whopping $ 85million price tag. max azria 's home is spread across three acres in holmby hills , one of the three affluent neighborhoods that makes up the city 's ` platinum triangle ' and bordered by beverly hills and bel air. visitors to the sprawling home , dubbed maison du solei , are first greeted by a floor-to-ceiling waterfall chandelier made up of 150,000 crystals. a private glass-enclosed tennis court with its own viewing box is just steps away , as are five distinctly-designed french , japanese , english , moroccan and herb gardens , according to a property listing by the agency.
a northern territory mother was lost for words after she spotted a phallic cloud on a work break last week. labourer noeleen foster was thrilled to capture the suggestively shaped formation above zuccoli -25 km southeast from darwin - on friday morning. a phallic shaped cloud which appeared last week in zuccoli , 25km southeast of darwin. the mother of-four told daily mail australia she snapped the pornographic precipitation from the civil construction site where she works. not the first : this famous phallic cloud was captured by a nature photographer last year in debyshire , central england. it 's not the first natural phallic phenomenon though : last june , a 48-year-old nature photographer captured another famous penis cloud which made waves online.
hillary clinton has garnered one of her first major endorsements in run bid for the white house : the nation 's largest lesbian political action committee. the group , lpac , launched lesbians4hillary on monday to support the former first lady 's bid to become the nation 's first female president. scroll down for video. king , pictured with clinton in 2008 , helped run the former fiirst lady 's 2008 women for hillary clinton wing. king , pictured with clinton in 2001 , said : ` hillary clinton is a proven leader and she has a strong track record when it comes to inclusion -- specifically for women and the lgbtq community ' ` her entire career has been a road map to get her to this moment and she has earned my respect and my vote to become the next president of the united states of america.
on sunday , 36,000 runners took to the streets of london for the 26.2 mile virgin money london marathon. cancer research uk runners paul and laura elliott decided to do something different for their wedding day and combined their love for running and their love for each other , whilst also raising vital funds for a charity very close to their hearts. fitness fans paul and laura elliott decided to do something different for their wedding day and combined their love for running and their love for each other by tying the knot at the london marathon. unfortunately paul , 41 , lost his father to bowel cancer 19 years ago and so by running this weekend 's marathon , the couple have raised # 7,000 so far to help honour his memory on this special day.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- if there was ever any doubt that the obama administration 's clean power plan is an energy policy plan , not a carbon reduction plan , all you have to do is look at how they treat nuclear energy. nuclear is our largest source of carbon-free energy , generating over 60 % of our carbon-free electricity. surely president barack obama 's climate plan , allegedly aimed at reducing the united states ' overall carbon emissions , would revitalize the nuclear industry , lead to increased plant construction and help meet aggressive carbon reduction targets. james hansen , the former head of nasa 's goddard institute for space studies , said in 2013 that `` continued opposition to nuclear power threatens humanity 's ability to avoid dangerous climate change.
jurgen klopp rejected the overtures of west ham united after handing in his notice at borussia dortmund. if rafael benitez wants to return to english football after leaving napoli maybe he can be persuaded to take over a project that includes a move to the iconic olympic stadium in a year 's time. west ham need a coach of high ambition to underline the size of the venture. sam allardyce is n't that man. allardyce has often talked of the qualities he could bring to an elite club , but the momentum of his season changed on boxing day when he left his best players out of the starting line-up at chelsea , and lost.
an independent review of rolling stone 's story about an alleged violent gang rape at the university of virginia said the story fell apart because of ` basic , even routine ' failures of journalism. professors at the columbia university graduate school of journalism issued a 12,000-word autopsy of the discredited story sunday night , going through its shortcomings step by step. rolling stone bosses commissioned the review after the story , by contributing editor sabrina rubin erdely , was called into serious question. however , despite the uncompromising conclusions of the journalism experts , nobody will lose their job over the story.
bikini-clad models needed a head for heights as they took to this catwalk in china - 2,000 metres high on a mountainside. the girls put aside their fear of heights as they paraded along the narrow footpath in red bikinis and black high heels in a ` test of their composure ' as part of a chinese beauty pageant. the challenge was part of the central china stage of the annual miss bikini of the universe contest , which has been running since 2005 , according to the people 's daily online. holding on : many of the models held onto the safety railings as they made their way up the cliff pathway to take part in the competition.
but when andy murray and his long-term girlfriend tie the knot today , kim sears will have stiff competition from the mothers. judy murray , 55 , who has had a makeover since her appearance on strictly come dancing last year , is said to have spent months planning her outfit. scroll down for video. glamorous : kim 's mother leonore sears , 53 , centre , has long been admired by those on the tennis circuit. makeover : judy murray has undergone a transformation since her appearance on strictly come dancing. blushing bride : however , it is still unlikely either of them will manage to outshine kim , pictured leaving the cathedral with her soon-to-be husband andy on friday.
attractive yan tai weighed just over seven stone when she began dating you pan in south china 's guangdong province. yan 's weight had almost doubled - after she ballooned up to 14 stone 2lbs. the 20-year-old was treated to big breakfasts , huge lunches and massive dinners. yan was almost unrecognizable by the time you proposed to her with - most fittingly - a bouquet made of chocolate. the couple pictured back in the early days when they first met - when yan weighed just over seven stone. now the 25-year-old feeder has popped the question to his girlfriend with a bouquet made , most fittingly , out of ferrero roche.
jimi manuwa is confident he can return to winning ways , by the method he knows best. the londoner takes on jan blachowicz tonight , more than a year after he suffered his first defeat to alexander gustafsson. and manuwa does n't expect to spend more than 10 minutes in the octagon. jimi manuwa confident he can forget about his first career loss and defeat polish fighter jan blachowicz. i know the fans will be cheering for me afterwards if they appreciate the good finish i 'm going to get. the londoner believes his ` aggression and killer instinct ' will help him finish his opponent inside two rounds.
you would think that all water is created equal , but a raft of new ` enhanced ' h20 products shows that things in the water business are changing , and fast. nowadays those in the know are downing bottles of birch , made from the sap of silver birch trees , sipping on glasses of liquid extracted from artichokes or opting for specially harvested and filtered rainwater. sweet tasting birch water contains saponins which can help your body absorb less fat. artichoke water. according to arty , which produces this drink , the water is extracted from californian artichokes , a plant rich in health-boosting silymarin and cynarin.
the husband of missing woman jessica bialek has posted a heartfelt thank you on social media to everyone who helped bring his wife home. the sydney photographer returned to her husband sabino matera and their daughter on thursday evening after she vanished on the way to the bank around 8.30 am on wednesday morning. ' ms bialek returned to her coogee home , in sydney 's south-eastern suburbs , around 6.30 pm on thursday after police launched an investigation into her disappearance and the local community pulled together to find her. scroll down for video. the father of missing sydney woman jessica bialek -lrb- pictured -rrb- made a desperate plea for information about her whereabouts.
by her own admission , michelle o'clee 's story of heartbreak and deception reads like the plot of a best-selling novel. now , michelle , 39 , has spoken of her shock and anguish at discovering that her husband of six years had been leading a double life. andrew o'clee , 36 , secretly moved in philippa campbell , who lived 40 miles away. i did n't know how he was going to act and i thought , `` i do n't even know this man ''. he went on to marry her in a lavish wedding while michelle was pregnant with their first child.
ed miliband last night repeatedly refused to admit he had got it wrong over the past five years about jobs , crime and the effect of tuition fees. labour has previously confidently predicted that the coalition 's austerity programme would see unemployment and crime soar , and the number of poor students going to university fall. scroll down for video. the labour leader rejected a string of statistics read out by evan davis on how the situation in all three cases had improved -- saying these facts were not what voters were talking about. mr miliband repeatedly refused to admit he had got it wrong over the past five years about jobs , fees and crime.
danny alexander has finally replied to the infamous note left in the treasury by a labour predecessor , saying there was ` no money ' left. liam byrne , who was chief secretary to the treasury under gordon brown , left a memo on his desk after labour 's election defeat in 2010. the memo , found by his liberal democrat successor david laws , said : ` dear chief secretary , i 'm afraid that there is no money. ' mr alexander , the present chief secretary , today finally got round to sending a letter to mr byrne apologising for the late reply -- saying it was because he had been ` fixing the economy '.
the labour leader was jokingly referred to as the stripper after his battle bus was gatecrashed by bride-to-be nicola braithwaite and her friends. scroll down for video. ed miliband was mobbed by a screaming hen party -- and even let the bride on his tour bus for a private ` selfie ' the labour leader was surrounded by more than 20 young women screaming ` ed ! ed ! ed ! ' and then they posed for a group selfie. the bride-to-be 's sister , kathryn braithwaite , posted a picture of nicola and miliband on the campaign bus. the labour leader then appeared and high-fived a few of the women before they started chanting ` selfie ! selfie ! selfie ! ' and turned their backs on him for a group shot.
the residence : inside the private world of the white house. by kate andersen brower. for americans , the white house is as iconic and royal a palace as you can get. kate brower , an american journalist assigned to cover the obama white house , became intrigued by the workings of the mansion after watching downton abbey.she set about interviewing the staff , who number at least 100 , to build up a comparable picture of the american version of upstairs , downstairs. the hours are long. the pay is not great , but the job is prestigious and passed by personal recommendation among friends.
it was meant to be the ultimate symbol of menace : carving ' 666 ' into his forehead. but in a phenomenal case of idiocy , convicted murderer nikko jenkins used a mirror - so the numbers came out backwards. the symbol is described in the biblical book of revelation as ` the sign of the beast ' , and has since been popularized by the horror movie the omen. botched : nikko jenkins -lrb- pictured in 2014 -rrb- recently tried to carve ' 666 ' into his forehead but did it backwards. according to omaha.com , jenkins told his attorney about the incident in a phone call from his cell in omaha , nebraska.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- in russia 's tightly-managed democracy , where being an opposition politician can seriously damage your health , chances to question the country 's leader are rare. president vladimir putin cuts an isolated figure , closely guarded behind the walls of the kremlin , traveling to-and-fro by helicopter or high-speed motorcade. that is why this annual q&a session -- in which putin will spend hours fielding questions from the general public on live television -- is such a widely anticipated event which provokes such excitement. it is direct access to the russian leader , or at least as direct as most russians will ever get.
inspired by the post-impressionistic era of the belle epoque , the newly-opened maison souquet may just be the most provocative hotel in paris. considered by many to be the most romantic city in the world , the city of lights ' latest overnight offering takes a page from the maisons closes , the turn-of-the-century pleasures houses that were frequented by socialites and aesthetes. the newly-opened parisian hotel , maison souquet , may just be the more provocative hotel in the entire city of lights. whether grabbing a drink in the lounge or hidden champagne bar or checking in to the one of the property 's extravagant suites , the plush velvet and gold-accented interiors , designed by jacques garcia , are not to be missed.
a mother has voiced her fear after scientific tests have failed to explain why oranges are turning an inexplicable tone of purple in her house. angela postle , from maroochydore in southeast queensland , stumbled upon the bizarre spectacle last month after slicing some oranges she bought from a local supermarket. the mother-of-five sent the fruit of to queensland environmental health branch for testing , but their first round of scientific tests were to no avail. the oranges that turned an inexplicable hue of purple in queensland mother angela postle 's house. she resolved to send them to the health authorities in a bid to find out what had happened.
it is a week since i criticised newcastle united 's goalkeeper for appearing to congratulate jermain defoe at half-time during the wear-tyne derby after the sunderland striker beat him with a brilliant volley. he 's been one of the few players who have performed consistently for newcastle in recent seasons , which led to him being part of holland 's world cup squad last summer. newcastle keeper tim krul congratulated sunderland striker jermain defoe on his goal at half-time. krul smiles at defoe shortly after the striker 's goal gave the black cats the lead in the wear-tyne derby. sportsmail 's jamie carragher criticised krul for his half-time actions while speaking on sky sports.
steaming into action , the lovingly restored locomotives of the world 's most popular heritage railway have kicked off their three day spring gala. the classic steam engines took to the tracks of the north yorkshire moors railway today , hauling passengers between pickering and whitby. scroll down for video. the classic steam engines took to the tracks of the north yorkshire moors railway today , hauling passengers between pickering and whitby. early this morning a team of firemen , fitters and cleaners lovingly polished the steam trains at grosmount engine shed in preparation. train enthusiasts will be able to make the most of the beautiful moors scenery on board seven preserved engines form the golden age of steam and pistons.
now one historian claims he has unraveled what may have lead to the downfall of ancient egypt and other bronze age civilisations collapse. he claims they were hit by a ` perfect storm ' of disasters 3,200 years ago that left the ancient egyptians , the babylonians , minoans and mycenians unable to cope. the sphinx and pyramids at giza -lrb- above -rrb- hint at the power of ancient egyptian civilisation before it collapsed. he claims that a series of droughts , famines , climate change , earthquakes , invasions and internal rebellions between 1225bc and 1177 bc happened in quick succession.
the danish monarch was joined on the balcony by her sons , crown prince frederik , 46 , and prince joachim , 45 , who were with her again for a procession down copenhagen shopping street strøget to the københavns rådhus -lsb- city hall -rsb- for a slap-up lunch. and the two were by margrethe 's side once again in the evening when the danish royals welcomed royals from all corners of europe to fredensborg castle for a gala banquet followed by a magnificent fireworks display. early arrivals : crown princess mary and crown prince frederik of denmark were among the first guests to arrive for the gala dinner.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- just as mimeograph machines and photocopiers were in their day , online activity -- blogs , youtube channels , even social media platforms like facebook and twitter -- have fully emerged as the alternative to traditional mainstream media. it is the lack of access to traditional print and broadcast media in authoritarian countries that is really the driving force leading disaffected voices to post online. amos yee , the teenage video blogger who was arrested and held pending bail sunday in singapore , drew international attention for his anti-lee kuan yew harangue. but jailing critics is not usually the government 's first choice in singapore.
ruby walsh is renowned as one of the greatest jockeys of all time but he also showed what a fine horseman he is on the second circuit of the grand national. walsh , a two-time winner of the national , acted as flag man to warn the field to go wide at the canal turn as vets tended to the stricken balthazar king. thankfully , phillip hobbs 's gelding was able to walk away from his fall , as was walsh 's mount ballycasey. balthazar king receives treatment as riders gallop past. balthazar king received treatment from a vet on the track for at least an hour before being taken to an equine hospital.
an engaged couple have joined forces and lost a combined weight of 11st in time for their big day after the bride-to-be was bullied about her size. holly beard , 24 , and her fiance steve hancock , 27 , from adderley green , staffordshire , tipped the scales at over 41st between them when they set a date for their big day in january last year. but holly decided to slim down when she was teased at the opticians where she worked after her boss brought in a cake as a treat. scroll down for video. before she could tuck in , a member of the public shouted at her : ` she does n't need a cake - look at the size of her.
perched on the rooftops of tall buildings in cities across the world , a french photographer has captured the essence of what people do when they 're alone , in places where they 're surrounded by millions of other people. i do not photograph cities , but an imaginary city that inhabits each megalopolis. the city exceeds the overflow. scroll down for video. from one window into another , french photographer floriane de lassee captures a photograph of a man practicing his piano in his london flat. in was appears to be an empty building in tokyo , a person gazes out the window into the night.
a kitten which miraculously survived a seven-storey fall is on the road to recovery after it was found lying on the ground covered in maggots and blood. the six-month-old had fallen from a building in zetland , inner-east of sydney , last month and sustained serious injuries. it was taken in by a local vet clinic , my vet animal hospital , who shared the story of aptly-named ` seven ' on social media. since then , the cat has won the hearts of many who have donated funds to help pay for the his hefty medical bills and surgeries. a kitten which miraculously survived a seven-storey fall is on the road to recovery after it was found lying on the ground covered in maggots and blood.
dubbed earth 's real ` final frontier ' , the oceans are still so little-explored that billionaires are queuing up to buy vessels that give them a glimpse of the dramatic seascapes and incredible wildlife of the world 's oceans. so if you have a spare few million in the bank and want some holiday snaps and instagram posts that will really trump everyone else , you may want to snap up one of these ... whale of a time : the orcasub takes you 2000 feet beneath the surface in two pressurised perspex viewing domes for optimum exploration. the orcasub by spymaster.
if you ever need proof that a healthy lifestyle can give you the body of your dreams , just take a look at rosie huntington-whiteley 's latest lingerie campaign snaps. the supermodel , who follows a strict clean and lean diet , showcases her super toned body in new imagery to promote her lingerie range for autograph at m&s. the 27-year-old models her new summer sleepwear collection , which is full of mix and match pieces featuring sophisticated hues of slate blue and silver with colour pops of peach and floral prints. rosie for autograph beau silk lingerie set. gulp. beautiful lingerie will never go amiss in a woman 's wardrobe and this stunning two piece will set certain pulses racing without a doubt.
supernan : eileen mason , 92 , saved her friend from a would-be robber by ramming him with her scooter. a 92-year-old great-grandmother has told of how she saved her 75-year-old friend from a mugger - by ramming him with her mobility scooter. eileen mason and margaret seabrook had been to a lunch club meeting in swindon , wiltshire , when an ` evil looking ' man suddenly appeared from behind a fence. however , the would-be robber was soon to regret his action , as mrs mason shouted ` oh , no you do n't , ' and slammed on the accelerator of her scooter.
everton striker romelu lukaku dealt with racism as a youngster by using it as an added motivation to score goals. the belgium international revealed he encountered abuse playing in youth teams back in his homeland but found the perfect response. romelu lukaku applauds the everton fans after a hard-fought 1-0 victory over burnley at goodison park. lukaku hailed the work rate of strike partner arouna kone , who allows him to focus on scoring more goals. ' lukaku is everton 's top scorer this season with 18 goals. most have come playing as a lone front man but he said he likes having someone alongside him and is hoping to strike up a partnership with arouna kone , who has managed just one goal in 21 starts over almost two injury-ravaged seasons.
but britt mchenry , a washington d.c.-based sports reporter for espn , has been suspended from her position after an ugly and offensive rant she unleashed on a hapless tow truck company employee surfaced online this week. the 28-year-old , who hails from new jersey , had her car towed from the parking lot of a chinese restaurant in arlington , virginia , and the verbal attack was captured on a security camera as she paid to pick the vehicle up at the tow lot office. vicious : espn sports reporter britt mchenry has been suspended for one week and could face further punishment after video surfaced of her berating an advanced towing employee in arlington , virginia.
it was supposed to be a joyous easter sunday celebration , but the brunch turned into yet another drama for tori spelling , who suffered an accident causing her to be hospitalized. tori had been laughing and having fun with her family at easter brunch , ' says a source , ` when she got up to leave and tripped , falling backwards on to a scorching hot grill. scroll down for video. white hot : tori spelling was a trouper and stuck through her family brunch at benihana restaurant in la.. tori 's doctor 's determined she had a severe burn and suggested they remove the damaged skin and graft skin from another area of the body , a source tells daily mail online.
angelique kerber rallied past madison keys to win the family circle cup on sunday , capturing six of the last seven games for a 6-2 , 4-6 , 7-5 victory. this was kerber 's fourth wta title and first since linz in 2013. the german broke serve five times against an opponent who had n't lost serve all week. kerber had defeated friend , countrywoman and defending champion andrea petkovic in the semifinals. angelique kerber -lrb- centre -rrb- celebrates her victory in charleston with the local ball boys and girls. kerber kisses the trophy after emerging victorious in the final of the family circle cup.
the walk down the aisle took place on the same weekend as the castle star 's 37th birthday. scroll down for video. married ! stana katic and business consultant kris brkljac , spotted at the 2012 elton john academy awards viewing party in la in february 2012 , wed in croatia over the weekend. the couple married ` in a private family monastery on the dalmatian coast , ' the actress 's rep told people. she is off the market : the 37-year-old actress at the independent spirit awards in february. chloe is at it again with their floaty , bohemian red carpet ready couture they do so well.
an aspiring country singer from west virginia has become a viral sensation after he posted a video of himself online singing to his uncle who has down syndrome. travis hatfield , 21 , from gilbert , west virginia sung a george jones hit to his 47-year-old uncle , jamie joe cline. he 's one of the sweetest people i have ever met , ' wrote travis on his facebook page. sweet serenade : travis hatfield sung a george jones song to his 47-year-old uncle , jamie joe cline , who has down syndrome. the video went viral onine. in the video , travis sings and his uncle chimes in with occasional lines as he recognizes parts of the song.
france legend serge betsen tells sportsmail where he thinks clermont 's clash with saracens at stade geoffrey-guichard will be won ... head to heads. if there is one genius in french rugby at the moment , it 's wesley fofana. the kid is so talented and skilful that something happens every time he gets the ball so saracens will need to focus on him. clermont centre wesley fofana was in scintillating form during his side 's recent destruction of northampton. brad barritt is back to anchor the saracens midfield against the top 14 giants. julien bonnaire vs billy vunipola. julien bonnaire may be a flanker and billy vunipola a no 8 , but when you play flanker , you 're the first man who is going to tackle the no 8.
cairo -lrb- cnn -rrb- mohamed morsy went from prison to the presidency. the ousted president was convicted on charges of violence and inciting violence and sentenced to 20 years in prison for the torture of protesters outside the presidential palace in december 2012. but he was acquitted of murder in the deaths of protesters. all 14 co-defendants were also convicted of violence and inciting violence , and all were also acquitted of murder. morsy , who became egypt 's first democratically elected president in june 2012 , was deposed by a popularly backed military coup in july 2013. after the sentencing , his freedom and justice party called the trial a `` travesty of justice.
there was no special treatment for lewis ferguson at paul nicholls 's yard on thursday morning. ferguson 's spectacular double somersault fall from the favourite merrion square in the 4.20 pm at wincanton has been watched hundreds of thousands of times online. amateur jockey lee lewis ferguson has just a cut on his nose to show for his ordeal. teenager ferguson was flung from his horse in spectacular fashion at wincanton. ` given the somersaults , maybe i 'll look at having a gymnastics career after finishing racing. '
-lrb- cnn -rrb- the world 's seventh-largest economy is heading toward collapse. an economic powerhouse conservatively valued at $ 24 trillion , one that annually churns out the equivalent of $ 2.5 trillion , is under assault. the health and wealth of the ocean are assessed in a wwf report released thursday , reviving the ocean economy. the report is the result of a hard economic analysis performed by the boston consulting group built on a foundation of the latest ocean science provided by the global change institute of the university of queensland. but it is still important to try to understand its value if global leaders are ever going to sustain it for future generations.
the location is excellent - a trendy borough of london , close to local amenities and a stone 's throw from transport into the city. in your generous double room you would be afforded access to a newly refurbished kitchen and a smart bathroom , which you would share with two young italian women and an english gentleman. scroll down for video. in an advert posted on gumtree , the rather honest letting agent has posted candid pictures of the cracked ceiling in the otherwise smart , modern and generous bedroom. a generous double room in peckham , south-east london , close to amenities and a stone 's thrown from public transport into the city , has been put up for rent for just # 400 a month.
with her mother by her side and nanny maria teresa turrion borrallo already in charge of the nursery , the duchess of cambridge wo n't be short of help when the new baby arrives. but carole middleton and ms borrallo are n't the only ones on standby as the birth of the spare to prince george 's heir approaches. waiting in the wings is kate 's fiercely loyal inner circle , a mix of school friends , society types and family members such as younger sister pippa. more than just sisters , the duchess of cambridge and her younger sibling are also best friends who spend as much time together as possible.
newcastle boss john carver accepts the pressure is on as his side head into their final six games with their top-flight status still not secured. the magpies slipped to a fifth successive barclays premier league defeat at liverpool on monday , a result that did little to ease fears they could yet be sucked into relegation trouble. they are nine points above the relegation zone but with some awkward-looking games in their run-in , including this weekend 's home clash with tottenham and matches against fellow battlers leicester , west brom and qpr. newcastle boss john carver insists his side have ` got six cup finals ' left to play during the current campaign.
the other , five decades on , pouting beneath razor sharp cheek bones , sunken eyes and platinum blond hair. these exclusive pictures obtained by daily mail online show dermatologist and cosmetic surgeon to the stars , dr fredric brandt , the year he graduated from frank h morrell high , irvington , new jersey. they were taken at the age of 18 , when he was , in his own words , just ` a jewish kid from newark , ' and before he had transformed himself , in every sense , into the figure lampooned on netflix show ` unbreakable kimmy schmidt , ' with such devastating consequences.
bayern munich cruised to a 6-1 victory against champion 's league rivals porto last night. but not all eyes were on the pitch for the whole 90 minutes , as the german club 's manager pep guardiola broke the highly dramatic atmosphere with a moment of sartorial comedy. a flash of upper thigh and navy boxers made themselves known as he strode up and down the touchline shouting commands at his players. scroll down for video. sartorial slip-up : bayern munich manager pep guardiola runs through tactics with his players , while ignoring the draft that has emerged at the top of his left leg.
last week , a handful of british tech fanatics took delivery of the first highly sought-after apple watches. but it 's only one example of a new generation of watches designed to do far more than just tell the time. and while these smartwatches might sound as if they 're just for tech-savvy geeks , whether you 're a fitness fanatic , want to track your sleep and calorie intake or simply like the idea of checking your emails on your wrist , there 's a watch that could make your life easier. the pebble was one of the earliest smartwatches , and since it launched in 2013 , more than a million have been sold.
fans of the beloved musical the sound of music have a chance to get their hands on their own pair of authentic von trapp family lederhosen , as costumes from the iconic film go up for auction at the end of the month. now , seven of the costumes from the 1965 classic , along with a vhs cassette tape of the film signed by actor dan truitt , who played rolff von trapp , are expected to fetch $ 800,000 when they are auctioned off at nate d. sanders on april 30. costume revival : the floral lederhosen and dresses worn by the von trapp children -lrb- pictured -rrb- in the 1965 classic the sound of music are going up for auction at the end of the month.
the cause of controversy came when the 37-year-old interviewed non-identical twins from the uk , lucy and maria aylmer , who have become a sensation around the world due to their opposite skin tones. ' controversy : sunrise host samantha armytage has come under fire for a comment made during a sunrise broadcast last month. ` the aylmer twins come from a mixed race family in the uk , ' the seven presenter 's introduction began. ` maria has taken after her half jamaican mum with dark skin and brown eyes and curly dark hair , but lucy got her dad 's fair skin , good on her , along with straight red hair and blue eyes.
london -lrb- cnn -rrb- congolese immigrant tarsis mboma thale has a small business selling t-shirts in johannesburg , south africa. the reason is a wave of anti-immigrant violence that has swept the country in recent days , leaving several dead as authorities scrambled to detain those responsible and prevent further bloodshed. the cause of this surge in violence is murky , with some blaming alleged inflammatory comments about foreign nationals from the zulu king , local media reported , others saying a labor dispute between locals and foreigners back in march turned nasty. unemployment in impoverished areas has also been a factor.
walmart is coming under fire following a recent incident in tuscon , arizona where a thief was able to shoot of rounds from a weapon after stealing it from their store. this after he demanded bullets from a woman inside the store guarding the ammunition case , who did as instructed and then immediately notified authorities. scroll down for video. mario valencia -lrb- above -rrb- took a rifle from a walmart in tuscon , arizona on february 19 and was able to start firing it as soon as he left. the stolen weapon should have still been locked and police chasing the men were told he could not fire the loaded gun.
a deskbound worker has used a gopro camera to capture a unique view of his boring office job , turning even the most mundane day-to-day tasks into a high octane activities. the video , which is titled ` boring office job gopro commercial ' , has clearly struck a chord with people working in similar jobs around the globe , with the video already attracting an impressive three million views since being uploaded to youtube last week. office space : daniel williams , an office worker from toronto , captured his entire day with a gopro camera. bright idea : mr williams came up with the idea after seeing other breathtaking gopro videos online.
a clean-water advocate took an earth day swim in new york city 's polluted gowanus canal , a site designated by the federal government as especially polluted , but quit less than halfway through. christopher swain wore a protective yellow suit as he went over a railing and into the water around 2pm wednesday in brooklyn but completed only two-thirds of a mile of the 1.8-mile waterway. christopher swain , a clean-water activist , embarked on a 1.8-mile swim in the toxic gowanus canal , which has been designated as especially polluted by the environmental protection agency , to urge its cleanup.
fashion conscious shanice farier , 22 , from derby , earned a ` decent salary ' and received handouts from her father but that was n't enough for her expensive taste , the court heard. farier appeared at derby crown court highly made up , wearing a figure-hugging dress and clutching an expensive-looking handbag , and even posed for pictures outside court. shanice farier -lrb- pictured -rrb- appeared at derby crown court highly made up , wearing a figure-hugging dress and clutching an expensive-looking handbag. ` greedy ' cashier shanice farier , 22 , poses at the top of the steps outside court were she was found guilty of stealing # 15,000 from her employer , kanoo travel in derby.
but that has n't stopped this modest timber shed being put up for sale for # 230,000 -- making it one of britain 's most expensive beach huts. measuring just 15ft by 10ft , the remote beach hut on mudeford spit in christchurch , dorset , is the same price as a five-bedroom house in herefordshire and more than a detached four-bedroom house in kingswood , hull. owners will also have to shell out between # 2,500 and # 4,000 a year in ground rent to christchurch borough council for use of the hut which can sleep up to five people.
` so my friend and foe alastair kellock calls time on a great career , ' tweeted scotland and saracens lock jim hamilton. ' as he suggested , hamilton had stood toe to toe with his countryman as opponents when their respective teams , edinburgh and glasgow , clashed. but , in the second row for scotland , they would have each other 's backs as they fought -- normally against the odds -- for their country. al kellock will retire at the end of the season and take up a new role with the sru. on thursday , at the home of glasgow , it was announced that this fierce warrior would be standing down from active service after a career that truly boasted blood , sweat and toil for both club and country.
the usa have unveiled their new kits for the women 's soccer team ahead of the world cup hosted by canada in june. the strips , produced by sportswear giants nike , have caused a bit of stir across the pond , because of the decision to go with a black and white colour scheme rather than the traditional red , white and blue. but striker alex morgan hailed nike 's design as innovative. ' scroll down for video. t he usa women 's soccer team have unveiled their new kits for the world cup hosted by canada in june. there has been some controversy surrounding the decision to use a black and white colour scheme.
they 've won seven on the spin in the premier league and made liverpool look like relegation candidates as opposed to champions league rivals during saturday 's first-half slaughter. so why are arsenal destined to sign off from another campaign celebrating a top-four finish and not a serious title challenge ? finish second they may well , but never have they entered the race for the top-flight crown. arsenal celebrate after a fine strike from alexis sanchez put them 3-0 up against liverpool on saturday. this is the most impressive team the gunners have boasted since the dying embers of the invincibles side of more than a decade ago.
the owners of this house better not leave too quickly , after a speed camera was angled directly on their front door. the bright yellow gatso had previously enforced the 30mph speed limit for motorists along the residential road in handsworth , birmingham. big brother is watching : a speed camera has been turned round and is pointing at this house in birmingham , west midlands. the speed camera has not been working for more than two years. around 300 speed and traffic camera , using old technology , were turned off across the region in march 2013. in there place , speed enforcement operations have been carried out by a small number of mobile camera units , fixed cameras on motorways and traffic officers on patrol.
kathmandu , nepal -lrb- cnn -rrb- the clamor and chaos of the previous day has dissipated by the time we arrive at kathmandu 's only airport. the mad rush of 24 hours previously , in those first confusing , cacophonous hours following the 7.8-magnitude earthquake near the nepali capital , had died down. at the airport , at passport control , we meet a nepalese man , who is unable to contact his family. follow the latest coverage of nepal earthquake. stepping out of the terminal building , the devastation is apparent. it is an overwhelming introduction to this city that , less than 48 hours ago , was hit by the worst earthquake this country has experienced in 80 years.
it 's no secret celebrities spend thousands upon thousands of dollars on maintaining their looks. from bloody ` vampire facials ' to placenta serums and of course plastic surgery - the fountain of youth runs deep. but an app is now trying to cut through all the cosmetics to determine exactly how old a person looks based on a picture. it even allows users to search for celebrities - and see what microsoft thinks their real ages are. scroll down for video. looking good : the app , by microsoft , believed that 69-year-old helen mirren - lauded for her youthful appearance and character - was actually 55.
alexis sanchez is developing a fondness for wembley stadium. two goals for chile against england were followed by two goals in the fa cup semi-final against reading. it is a stage that suits him and arsenal will expect even more when they return for the fa cup final next month. ` let us hope he keeps that up and scores twice in the final , ' said santi cazorla. ' alexis sanchez celebrates as his goals take arsenal into the 2015 fa cup final. the gunners forward wheels away after opening the scoring in the 2-1 defeat of reading on saturday.
but it might take more than a slice of carbon fibre to protect cesc fabregas from what could be a quite hateful reception when he takes his first steps at the emirates stadium since he left to join barcelona. this next fixture is seen by some as the return of a player who rejected a second coming at arsenal in favour of chelsea. he will surely win the league , having already won the capital one cup , but what has he lost at the club that made him ? what of the line of communication he once had with arsene wenger ? cesc fabregas will be making his first return to the emirates since leaving arsenal in 2011.
bird numbers have dramatically declined in fukushima , research has revealed. scientists analysed 57 species in the region and found that the majority of populations had diminished as a result of the nuclear accident. researchers have found that bird species are continuing to drop in fukushima -lrb- shown after the disaster in 2011 -rrb-. this is despite radiation levels in the region starting to fall. and comparing it to chernobyl could reveal what the future holds. the research , published in the journal of ornithology , was carried out by scientists at the university of south carolina including biologist dr tim mousseau.
no one would talk about bruce jenner 's friday tell-all interview with diane sawyer - not ex kris , nor his daughters kendall and kylie or even khloe and kourtney - when they stopped by craig 's in west hollywood on thursday evening. but kim kardashian was not afraid to discuss the upcoming chat when stopping by variety 's 2015 power of women luncheon in new york city on friday. scroll down for video. she will tune in : kim kardashian told e! on friday afternoon during a variety event that she would indeed be watching former stepfather bruce jenner talk to diane sawyer later that evening.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- as americans mark the 150th anniversary of abraham lincoln 's death this week , let us remember that he not only belongs to the ages , but also belongs , in a special way , to illinois. lincoln 's two greatest legacies -- indivisible union and irreversible emancipation -- grew organically from his midwestern roots. the entire region from the appalachians to the rockies drained through the mississippi river , enabling farmers in this vast basin to float their goods down to market through new orleans and from there to the world. '' lincoln supplemented his midwestern geography lesson with a distinctly midwestern claim about constitutional history : `` the union is older than any of the states ; and in fact , it created them as states.
host drew carey could n't stop laughing. '' on wednesday , former host bob barker , 91 , showed up to run his old show .
steve bruce was at least able to crack a joke after his side were left dangling precariously in the barclays premier league following defeat to southampton. graziano pelle was given a yellow card by referee kevin friend in the first half for a clash with alex bruce but the hull city manager could not believe the southampton striker remained on the field. ` alex has got a horribly broken nose , ' bruce revealed. ` the boy pelle gets a yellow card but we 're incensed. graziano pelle unleashes a strike in a crowded penalty area as southampton doubled their lead against hull city at st mary 's.
with a cubby-house meeting room at the top of a beanstalk and a basketball court and pinball machine for some down time - it 's where all the creativity and innovative ideas come to light. inside the hq of global company moose toys , the cheltenham office in melbourne comes complete with toy testing rooms , table tennis table , aerobics room , gym and a custom staff lunch room. staff can scribble their ideas on walls made out of whiteboards while the employee of the year gets a gold crown and cape as well as a free holiday of their choice.
mercedes-benz fashion week australia got off to a very dramatic start in sydney on sunday night , when the opening show was interrupted by a man who stormed the runway at the ellery show. the local man was pictured covering his ears , wagging his finger , and shouting at a security guard who escorted him from the runway. scroll down for video. turn down that racket ! a man stormed the runway at ellery 's mercedes-benz fashion week australia show at carriageworks in sydney on sunday night. disgruntled : the man was overheard to tell security that the music was a ` disgrace ' , and that show organisers had ` no respect for the local community ' angry : eye witnesses tell daily mail australia that ` dramatic ' loud music boomed throughout the 15-minute show.
tom ballard plans to climb k2 , 20 years after his mother died descending from its peak. a climber has set his sights on the summit of k2 - the second highest mountain in the world - 20 years after his mother died attempting the same feat. alison hargreaves , 32 , was swept to her death in 260mph winds on her descent from the himalayan mountain in 1995. now her son tom ballard , one of the world 's most accomplished climbers , plans to conquer k2 himself. ' last month mr ballard became the first to solo climb all six of the great north faces of the alps in the winter season - and now he is training for k2.
this is where floyd mayweather and manny pacquiao will wage violent combat on saturday night. the mgm grand garden arena will also be the place where they add untold fortunes to their already significant wealth. on the safe side of the ropes rather than inside with either of the two greatest fighters on the planet. sportsmail 's boxing correspondent jeff powell sits on the corner of the ring at the mgm grand. this is the ring in which floyd mayweather and manny pacquiao will face each other in on may 2. the fight is expected to earn at least $ 300million -lrb- # 195m -rrb- with mayweather receiving $ 180m -lrb- # 117 -rrb- and pacquiao $ 120m -lrb- # 79m -rrb-.
she might be a new mother to twins but that did n't prevent a fresh-faced charlene of monaco from cutting a glamorous figure as she presented a sports prize this morning. resplendent in an edgy navy leather jacket and a matching tailored dress , the 37-year-old was all smiles as she presented tennis ace novak djokovic with his sportsman of the year prize. scroll down for video. princess with prizes : charlene allows herself a chuckle as she hands the award to novak djokovic. although the main ceremony took place in shanghai , charlene 's star turn took place in monte carlo instead , with the moment projected onto big screens in front of a glitzy audience of actors and sports stars.
binge drinking might seem like a uniquely modern phenomenon - but in fact it is a time-honoured tradition , according to health experts. ancient civilisations such as the romans , greeks and egyptians have had to deal with rowdy , drunken behaviour in public for thousands of years. contrast : health experts have compared ancient nights out to modern drinking spots such as magaluf. mark bellis , who is honorary professor of public health at bangor university , is giving a talk at a conference in las vegas this week about the history of binge drinking. in pompeii - where one of the best-preserved buildings after the eruption of mount vesuvius is a tavern - city officials installed street lights , only to face opposition from drinkers who were worried about sacrificing their privacy.
floyd mayweather vs manny pacquiao will be the biggest fight of all time financially and the most significant this century. where money man vs pacman comes to rank among the most important fights in ring history will depend upon what happens that coming night in the mgm grand garden arena. in this , the third in a series of 12 fights that shaped boxing history , i look back on one of the most anticipated events of the 20th century which divided a nation. the second fight of the century. the greatest had been stripped of the world heavyweight title he had won so sensationally against sonny liston but it was the reason for that decision which added cultural significance to what was to be a magnificent fight.
tough stance : health minister marisol touraine wants to impose fines and prison sentences for inciting binge drinking. french health chiefs say the uk is responsible for causing a sharp rise in the number of youngsters who binge-drink. it has slammed the practice of going out to get drunk as an ` anglo-saxon phenomenon ' and says it is being copied by increasing numbers of youths on the continent. but critics have said it 's a case of double standards for a country where children are encouraged to drink wine at the table from a relatively early age. the latest figures reveal that almost half of french 18 to 25 years olds have consumed alcohol with the sole aim of getting drunk -- compared to 33 per cent ten years ago.
jordan spieth hits a tee shot on the eighth hole during the final round of the rbc heritage tournament. spieth has competed in four events in a row as the new masters champion shows his commitment to the sport. now , by way of stark contrast , let 's return to the european tour and their flagship event , also being played next month when the bmw pga championship is staged at wentworth. given that europeans won an unprecedented three majors last year plus the ryder cup , not surprisingly they wanted to put on quite a celebration. spieth attends the 50th academy of country music awards at the at&t stadium on sunday night.
hong kong -lrb- cnn -rrb- there 's a booming black market in hong kong , but it 's not for fake apple watches , or the iphone. instead , people are going crazy for tins of butter cookies. tourists and locals line up around the block for several hours just to get their hands on jenny 's cookies -- at $ 9 a tin. its popularity has spurred bakeries to make and sell knockoffs , and the original store has signs warning against buying ` fake ' jenny 's cookies. people are even hired to stand in line to buy the goods and are later resold at a 70 % mark-up yards away , something the bakery also tries to discourage.
reanne evans insists her world championship bid is ` do or die ' for women in snooker. the 29-year-old from dudley is aiming to be the first woman to qualify for the world championship in sheffield this month when she faces former champion ken doherty in qualifying. evans has won 10 women 's world titles and plays irishman doherty at pond 's forge in sheffield on thursday. reanne evans is aiming to become the first women to qualify for the snooker world championships. ' opponent doherty won the crucible title in 1997 but evans admits she is dreaming of making the main draw , which will require her and all the other 128 entrants to the preliminary draw to win three best-of-19-frame matches.
a wartime scientist has revisited the secret underground factory where she helped build aircraft engines 70 years since the end of the second world war. mary cartwright was 20 when she was called up to work in the laboratory at drakelow shadow factory in kidderminster , worcestershire , in 1943. she spent two years testing metal for bristol aircraft engines in the site 's underground laboratory , working as the only woman in her department. mary cartwright revisited drakelow underground factory in kidderminster , worcestershire , where more than 700 people worked during the war -lrb- right -rrb- to produce aircraft engines.
arsenal star alexis sanchez says he is ` very proud ' to have joined the north london club and has been impressed by the quality of his team-mates. every arsenal player has amazing quality , ' he told the gunners ' official website before adding , ' i want to win many titles here. ' the chilean forward has enjoyed a fine debut season in english football since joining from barcelona last summer , netting 22 goals in all competitions so far and being nominated for the pfa player of the year award. arsenal forward alexis sanchez has enjoyed a fine debut season in english football , scoring 22 goals so far.
-lrb- the hollywood reporter -rrb- geoffrey lewis , a prolific character actor who appeared opposite frequent collaborator clint eastwood as his pal orville boggs in `` every which way but loose '' and its sequel , has died. lewis , the father of oscar-nominated actress juliette lewis , died tuesday , family friend michael henderson said. lewis began his long association with eastwood in `` high plains drifter '' -lrb- 1973 -rrb-. he also appeared with the actor in `` thunderbolt and lightfoot '' -lrb- 1974 -rrb- , `` bronco billy '' -lrb- 1980 -rrb- , `` pink cadillac '' -lrb- 1989 -rrb- and `` midnight in the garden of good and evil '' -lrb- 1997 -rrb-.
in an essay published on xojane , amanda richards hit out at lane bryant 's recent i 'm no angel lingerie campaign , which was widely perceived to have been a rather blatant critique of popular lingerie giant victoria 's secret. the clothing store , which carries us sizes 14 to 28 , has been applauded for the new campaign , which shows plus-size models looking sexy in the brand 's lingerie. but while many people responded that it was encouraging to see women of different sizes being portrayed as sexy , offering a counterpoint to stick-thin models like victoria 's secret angels candice swanepoel , behati prinsloo , and lily aldridge , amanda takes issue with its message.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- when 65 cases of 20-year-old pappy van winkle -- one of the rarest and most expensive bourbons in the world -- were reported missing from a kentucky distillery in october 2013 , it was the crime heard round the whiskey-drinking world. franklin county sheriff pat melton , the man leading the investigation into the estimated $ 26,000 in missing pappy , said at the time that the high-end heist was `` indicative of an inside job. on tuesday , a franklin county grand jury indicted `` nine members of a criminal syndicate that collaborated to promote or engage in the theft ... and illegal trafficking '' of liquor from two different kentucky distilleries : frankfort 's buffalo trace -- makers of pappy -- and the nearby wild turkey distillery , makers of the eponymous bourbon , according to the indictment.
world snooker chairman barry hearn has rubbished rumours the betfred world championship will leave its spiritual home of sheffield. this year marks the 40th anniversary of snooker 's most prestigious tournament at the crucible theatre , and there is interest from china in hosting the event. but hearn has revealed he is close to extending deals with sheffield city council , and broadcast partner the bbc , both of which expire in 2017. barry hearn has dismissed rumours the betfred world championship will leave sheffield. ` on my tombstone i 'm not having `` this is the man who took snooker out of sheffield ''.
desperate for a family , the couple chose to sacrifice their dream wedding and go ahead with ivf , but were over the moon when weeks later they became winners of a wedding competition. the happy couple said their vows , and were overjoyed when they discovered the fertility treatment had worked - and becca gave birth to twins stanley and darci-mai. the full-time mother says that the couple ca n't believe their luck having achieved both of their dreams. although they had given up on the idea of their perfect wedding the couple were blessed with yet another stroke of luck when they won a wedding contest which allowed them to finally get married.
duhok , iraqi kurdistan -lrb- cnn -rrb- in the canvas expanse of the shariya refugee camp , thousands of yazidis live within hearing distance of one of iraqi kurdistan 's frontlines with isis. the vast majority of the camp 's occupants are from the town of sinjar and fled the isis assault there back in august. isis took thousands of yazidis captive. men faced a choice -- convert to islam or be shot. but the islamist militants separated the young women and girls to be sold as sex slaves. in its fourth edition of `` dabiq , '' the isis online magazine , an article titled `` the revival of slavery before the hour , '' outlines the group 's twisted justification and guidelines for the enslavement of the yazidis.
thousands of sobbing students and teachers prayed and comforted one another on georgia southern university 's campus thursday night during an emotional memorial service for five nursing students who were killed in a fiery crash. fellow students brittney mcdaniel , of reidsville , and megan richards , of loganville , survived the crash but were hospitalized with injuries. scroll down for video. river of tears : members of the georgia southern nursing program console one each during a candlelight vigil and memorial service thursday for five nursing students who were killed in a multi-vehicle accident. sisters in mourning : kappa delta sorority members arrive arm-in-arm dressed in white for the memorial service on sweetheart circle at georgia southern university.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- the california public utilities commission on thursday said it is ordering pacific gas & electric co. to pay a record $ 1.6 billion penalty for unsafe operation of its gas transmission system , including the pipeline rupture that killed eight people in san bruno in september 2010. of the $ 1.6 billion , $ 850 million will go to `` gas transmission pipeline safety infrastructure improvements , '' the commission said. another $ 50 million will go toward `` other remedies to enhance pipeline safety , '' according to the commission. `` pg&e failed to uphold the public 's trust , '' commission president michael picker said.