with temperatures creeping up , let 's celebrate with some ice cream. in fact , why not make your own ? the choice of ice cream makers has never been wider. mandy francis tried out the best brands on the high street with some enthusiastic help from her children stanley , 13 , and florence , eight. the swan come dine with me ice cream & gelato maker is best for dinner parties. best for dinner parties. swan come dine with me ice cream & gelato maker , # 49.99 , argos.co.uk. how does it work ? this minimalist , cube-shaped machine looks sleek and
how good to welcome padraig harrington back to augusta after a year 's absence , complete with his weird and wonderful practice-ground routines. on friday , he was at it again , but my favourite moment remains his plaintive lament after a mediocre round : ` i 'm focusing so much on my focus i 'm over-focused. ' padraig harrington hits a tee shot on the fourth hole during the second day of the masters on friday. meth on the rise. headline writers everywhere will be keeping fingers crossed that golf continues to prove an addiction for the highly rated us public links champion byron meth , who opened with a 74 on his
-lrb- cnn -rrb- ahmed farouq did n't have the prestige of fellow al qaeda figure osama bin laden , the influence of anwar al-awlaki , or the notoriety of adam gadahn. still , he was a big deal. that 's the assessment of multiple sources on a man who may not have been well-known in the west , but nonetheless had a special role in the terrorist group. farouq -- an american -- died in a u.s. counterterrorism airstrike in january , according to the white house. two al qaeda hostages , warren weinstein of the united states and giovanni lo porto from italy , were killed in the same strike , while gadahn
a 14-year-old cheerleader has died after plunging 60 feet during a rappelling trip with her family over easter weekend. millie elia , an eighth-grade student from oak mountain , alabama , died following the accident at mount cheaha state park around 4.40 pm on saturday. the teenager had been rappelling on pulpit rockpark with her family and a friend when she fell. the park refused to release any further details when contacted by dailymail.com on monday. tragic : millie elia , an eighth-grade student from alabama , died on saturday after a rappelling accident. in oak mountain on monday , her classmates and teachers mourned the teen , who
it was the sort of training ground accident that can happen to anyone , but it had far-reaching consequences for philipp lahm. so too , indirectly , for hans-wilhelm muller-wohlfahrt. lahm 's tackle on a team-mate at bayern munich 's training ground on the outskirts of the city appeared innocuous enough , until a scream of pain pierced the morning air and a frantic wave signalled he was in trouble. as players milled round him , and a physio inspected the damage , the call went out for expert medical help. there was n't any. to the dismay of pep guardiola , there was n't a single qualified doctor on site. bayern munich doctor
leicester boss nigel pearson has called for realism in their survival quest and insisted that their remaining fixtures will make it extremely tough to avoid relegation. they will escape the drop zone for the first time since november if they beat swansea at home on saturday by three goals and burnley fail to win at everton. they also have to face relegation rivals sunderland and burnley away while welcoming qpr to the king power stadium on the final day of the season. back-to-back wins revived leicester 's hopes of top-flight survival but pearson wants to keep a lid on expectations. he said : ` we believe
steve clarke sprang up and pumped the air with his fist. all of a sudden , there was a little extra bounce in his box-fresh training shoes and a fire in his belly burned a little more fiercely. as a chelsea player and coach , clarke has fought hard across the capital with arsenal over the years but through the first-half at wembley , his reading team struggled to match their illustrious opponents. they were flat. they backed off and defended , and offered a little too much respect to the team with the best form in the barclays premier league since the turn of the year. steve clarke applauds fans after his reading side were narrowly beaten by
the milan derby used to be italian football 's biggest attraction. a host of world stars , two unwavering sets of supporters and a fierce rivalry meant ac milan and inter could always guarantee a spectacle. it was certainly the case in april 2005 when a hail of flares rained down from the stands on to the san siro pitch - flooding the stadium with smoke and forcing german referee markus merk to abandon a virulent champions league quarter-final. on sunday , they meet once more against the backdrop of a champions league quarter-final week. this time , however , interest has barely stirred. inter milan pose for a team photo ahead of
the conservative know that they need to turn large parts of the country blue on may 7. and the camerons seemed to have taken it rather too literally , with both david and samantha getting stuck in with blue paint while on the campaign trail. while mr cameron was messing about with boris johnson in surbiton , his wife was 200 miles away in west yorkshire giving a lick of paint to a charity project. scroll down for video. samantha cameron picked up a paintbrush to help at the growing zone allotment project , a community project for children and adults with special needs. the prime minister 's wife was campaigning with conservative candidate alec shelbrooke -lrb- centre -rrb- in
-lrb- cnn -rrb- amy schumer seems to be trying single-handedly this week to make everyone in america laugh. and she 's off to a good start. the comedian took a fake tumble on the red carpet tuesday night at the 2015 time 100 gala in new york -- right in front of fellow honorees kanye west and kim kardashian , who stepped around her as they moved down the line. the stunt drew guffaws from the paparazzi and other onlookers , although kanye -- perhaps not used to being upstaged -- looked unamused. `` i saw them , and i asked my publicist , ` can i dive in front of them and act like i fell ? '
his pristine white uniform was the epitome of buttoned-up respectability. but that was prince harry 's only nod to formality yesterday as he began his month-long visit down under. indeed , the playful royal larked around like a true larrikin. he laughed and joked with wellwishers. he offered handshakes and high fives. and he gurned like a good-un , making himself an instant hit with younger fans. prince harry was greeted by an enthusiastic crowd at the australian war memorial in canberra , all keen to catch a glimpse of the royal. the prince pulled funny faces at a young girl waiting in the crowd with her mother , as others snapped photos on their smartphones. ` the people
best-selling author sarah wilson has hit out at a woman 's website after they published her photograph alongside a story about an apparent eating disorder. the journalist and lifestyle guru behind the ` i quit sugar ' book and website complained to mamamia after her image was used to illustrate a story about orthorexia nervosa -- a condition defined by an obsession for eating ` healthily '. wilson 's face was plastered on the article alongside controversial wellness blogger belle gibson , who has been accused of faking terminal cancer , and paleo diet preacher pete evans. celebrity chef evans ' cookbook , bubba yum yum : the paleo way , was recently dropped by its publisher after the
cleveland cavaliers small forward lebron james says he would pick himself for mvp if he could when a new set of nba awards are presented this summer. players are able to vote in the end-of-season awards for the first time , with titles such as ` man of the year ' being handed out ,. but while they may not be able to vote for themselves , james seems to think his influence with the cavaliers deserves recognition. lebron james seems to have decided who deserves the nba mvp award at the end of the season. lebron goes up for a slam dunk -lrb- left -rrb- during the victory against the milwaukee bucks on wednesday night. when asked who would his vote be for mvp this year by espn , james replied ` myself ' , before adding :
dramatic footage has emerged of the moment police in texas pulled an unconscious man from the burning wreckage of his car mere moments before it was engulfed by flames. officers in mesquite early sunday came upon the burning suv belonging to 25-year-old hector valles , who was unresponsive and wedged behind the wheel. valles ' clothes had begun to burn as officers ryan nielson and autumn soto finally unpinned him from the car and pulled him down onto the safety of the interstate service road. certain death : police in mesquite , texas arrived to find a crashed car burning as the driver lay
-lrb- cnn -rrb- a hooded angel with black wings appeared on tuesday near the spot where walter scott was shot and killed by a police officer in north charleston , south carolina , on saturday. since then , it 's been taken up as an icon of the black lives matter movement. when protesters held the winged figure at a wednesday morning rally outside north charleston 's city hall , the artwork was widely photographed. creator phillip hyman grew up in the neighborhood where scott , an unarmed black man , was shot in the back several times by a white police officer on saturday. hyman now
the woman who launched a social media campaign in a bid to return a sentimental ring which was discovered at a bali resort has found the owner. queensland resident roxy walsh took to her facebook account after recovering the gold jewellery at the finns beach club in bali on tuesday. the ring has what appears to be a family crest and engraved with a heartwarming message : ` darling joe , happy 70th birthday 2009 , love jenny '. fortunately , ms walsh said she has since been in contact with the owner and will be having breakfast with ` the joe and jenny ' in noosa on sunday. the snorkeller who discovered a sentimental ring
-lrb- cnn -rrb- a california woman who was recording police activity said she was terrified when a deputy u.s. marshal walked toward her , grabbed her cell phone out of her hands and smashed it with his foot. the incident was recorded by another woman with a smartphone camera across the street. beatriz paez filed a complaint wednesday with police in south gate , just south of los angeles. however , the police do n't have authority over marshals. paez is also considering a lawsuit. paez said she was out walking sunday when she noticed what looked like an arrest several houses up the street. she stood on the sidewalk , recording with her phone. the woman said marshals
haunting never-before-seen images showing captain scott 's doomed expedition team setting off on their ill-fated trek to the south pole have sold for a staggering # 30,000. the archive of 52 celluloid negatives show the great british adventurer and his men heading off in the snow-covered wilderness during the ill-fated terra nova expedition of 1912. some of the pictures show the herd of ponies the team used to haul the equipment-laden sledges on the 800 mile trek that would end with the deaths of scott and the polar party of edward wilson , lawrence oates , edger evans and henry bowers. scroll down for video. almost ready : the pictures show captain scott 's team preparing to depart on their ill-fated terra nova expedition of 1912. the photographs were taken at the expedition base camp of
john helm was commentating on bradford city 's game against lincoln city when the fire broke out and still struggles to listen to his description of that fatal day. here he gives his insight into what caused the blaze. it was a day i have often tried to forget , but it was the one i must always remember. approaching the 30th anniversary of the bradford city fire , it was inevitable i would be asked to recall the horrific images from a match i was commentating on for yorkshire television. what i did not expect was for someone to suggest the fire may not have been an accident , as martin fletcher has done with his book fifty-six , the story of the bradford
a skier in switzerland proved that his dog is certainly his best friend when he brought it along to a snowy slope for a day of skiing. videoed descending the crisp ski runs of the small resort of minschuns in val müstair , adrian schaffner is initially featured ascending the mountain on a button lift. perched on his shoulders looking entirely at ease is his dog sintha -- an appenzeller mix according to the owner , who noted alongside the upload of the original video that he only knows the breed of the dog 's mother. the dog named sintha appears to be entirely at ease as it sits across its owners
cradling your stomach with a hot water bottle might seem like the norm at ` that time of the month '. however , if you are doubling over with debilitating pain , it could actually be a sign of something much worse. while most ` normal ' period pain can be fixed with ibuprofen or a over-the-counter anti-inflammatory , a doctor tells daily mail australia that more severe symptoms such as nausea , back or leg pain or bleeding at unexpected times of the month can all point to a more serious condition - endrometriosis. dr lara briden explains that endometriosis is a condition where
it 's enough to pay for a small home extension -- and if jennifer drew carries on like this , she might well need one. the mother-of-one has saved # 17,000 over three years by spending an hour a day searching for deals and coupons. and she has now accumulated so many products and groceries that they fill a whole room of her house as well as her garage. mrs drew , 31 , is so keen on a bargain she even bags items she does not need and gives them away to friends. scroll down for video. mother-of-one jennifer drew has saved # 17,000 over
washington -lrb- cnn -rrb- early clinton campaign calculations , the favored way for one of her opponents to channel his concerns , a gop ticket for the generations , and republican calendar concerns filled our sunday trip around the `` inside politics '' table. 1. watch the volume as o'malley uses youtube to test clinton pokes. slowly but clearly , former maryland gov. martin o'malley is intensifying his criticism of overwhelming democratic presidential front-runner hillary clinton. how aggressive will he get ? stay tuned -- literally. cnn 's jeff zeleny says o'malley enjoys using youtube videos as a quick way to spread his opinion -- and question moves
a woman who had stars tattooed on her face says she has no choice other than to claim benefits worth # 14,000-a-year because no one will employ her. kay bennett , 33 , from swindon , says the tattoos , which were done when she was 24 , have turned her into a jobless recluse. ` until they are removed , i wo n't be able to find a job and will be stuck on benefits , ' says miss bennett , who resigned from her last role because she felt ` left out ' by colleagues , and is now hoping someone will step forward and offer to pay for her to have laser removal. benefits : kay bennett
a new york-based documentary photographer has spent three years traveling the u.s. photographing and interviewing gay veterans and servicemen to share their stories of suppression , sadness and silence in a moving photo essay. vincent cianni , 63 , said he embarked on the project , gays in the military , to better understand why homosexuals would enlist in the military to begin with ; voluntarily signing up for a system that did , and in many ways still does , oppress them. ` it seems i spent most of my life uninterested in knowing about the military because i supported peace , the fight to end violence and injustice , and the
just days after bruce jenner 's powerful interview with diane sawyer , another transgender person is making a monumental television appearance. starting in may , scott turner schofield will become the first transgender man to have a recurring role on a daytime soap opera when he appears on the bold and the beautiful. it will mark the television acting debut of schofield , who is a performer , speaker and author known for his one-person shows that address transgender issues. scroll down for video. major moment : scott turner schofield -lrb- left , with thorsten kaye -rrb- has landed a role on the popular soap opera the bold and the beautiful. major
-lrb- cnn -rrb- sarah brady , who with her husband , james brady , pushed for stricter gun control laws , including the brady handgun violence prevention act , died friday , her family said. brady , 73 , died of pneumonia , the family said. `` sarah courageously stepped up after jim was shot to prevent others from enduring what our family has gone through , and her work has saved countless lives , '' their statement said. james brady , president ronald reagan 's press secretary , was shot in the head by john hinckley jr. during his attempt to assassinate reagan in 1981. brady spent the rest
-lrb- cnn -rrb- when les moonves sits down at a restaurant in hollywood , it 's usually the waiter 's lucky night. as the president and ceo of cbs corp. , which includes showtime , moonves runs a powerful television network in a town where nearly every waiter also wants to be an actor. but when he walked into craig 's in west hollywood last year , those roles were reversed. this time , moonves ' waiter , gabriel salvador , was the one serving up a mouthwatering opportunity that had nothing to do with the shrimp diavolo. instead , he was offering moonves an `` in '' to the most coveted
arlette ricci -lrb- above -rrb- , the multi-millionaire owner of nina ricci , was today sent to prison for trying to hide her fortune from the french taxman through hsbc. the multi-millionaire owner of the nina ricci fashion company was today sent to prison for trying to hide her fortune from the french taxman through hsbc bank. arlette ricci , 74 and one of the richest women in europe , was ` particularly determined ' to stash money in swiss accounts for more than two decades. a judgement handed down by a paris criminal court added : ` the seriousness of the facts are an exceptional threat to the public good. ' ricci had denied hiding the equivalent of more
richie benaud spent a lifetime in the sun and in his final years he ruefully admitted that he was paying the price for it with skin cancers on his forehead and the top of his head. the 84-year-old , who died on friday , talked about his cancer and the treatment he was undergoing with typical candour. ` when i was a kid we never ever wore a cap , ' benaud told the nine network about growing up in australia in the 1930s and 40s. ' i wish i had. you live and learn as you go along. ' the cricket commentary box legend talked about the radiation treatment he was
alastair cook has been working on a new , more open stance with former england batting coach graham gooch over the past few months. but in the first test against the west indies , i think he overdid it. the picture below shows cook playing against india at lord 's in 2007 -- when he was playing well -- with a near perfect stance. his front foot is slightly open but not too far past the line of leg stump. compare that to the other picture from last week , in which his front foot is far too open. it means that he has a long way to go to get to off
the first farmers came to europe 8,000 years ago and spread early agricultural practices , starting in greece. but northern europeans during the neolithic period , initially rejected the practice of farming , which was spreading throughout the rest of the continent , researchers claim. their findings show a bump in the road in the adoption of farming , which enabled groups of people to move away from foraging and hunting as a means for survival and sparked a ` major economic revolution '. experts from centre for international research in the humanities and social sciences -lrb- cirhus -rrb- in new york city studied neolithic ornaments -lrb- pictured -rrb- to understand how farming spread. these beads are examples of personal ornaments worn by the first european farming societies.
it might be seven years since he retired but joe calzaghe showed he is still fighting fit as he enjoyed a holiday in barbados. the former undisputed super-middleweight champion of the world frolicked with his girlfriend lucy on the beach this week. but after they took to the sea for a jet ski and a swim , their fun was suddenly interrupted by a downpour of rain. joe calzaghe relaxed on the beech with his girlfriend lucy in barbados. the couple enjoyed a jet-ski session before the rain came down and they retreated to their lounger. the couple were not ready
brendan rodgers will deliver his weekly briefing to the media on friday afternoon , previewing the showdown with arsenal on saturday and discussing the future of raheem sterling. the young england star has moved a step closer to an anfield exit after revealing in a tv interview that he is not ready to sign a new contract at anfield. sterling , 20 , has been offered a new # 100,000-a-week contract to stay at the club but admitted he is ` flattered ' by interest from arsenal. follow the press conference as it happens from 2pm. host commentator. and with that , brendan rodgers has
an arkansas single dad has decided to change up his romance strategy by putting an ad on the side of his pickup truck after not finding love online. robin thomas , of jonesboro , posted a sign on his truck that reads , ` looking for a date ? would you date a single father ? ' the advertisement then shows his phone number and below reads , ' * ages 21 and up * '. robin thomas , of jonesboro , arkansas , posted a ` girlfriend wanted ' advertisement on his truck after several failed attempts at online dating. the father-of-three decided to put the sign on his truck after failing
alison hall , 48 , almost choked to death after a false nail in her pocket worked its way into her asthma inhaler. it then shot to the back of her throat when she took a puff. an asthma sufferer almost choked to death when she took a puff on her inhaler and nearly swallowed a false nail. alison hall , 48 , was at work when she felt her chest tightening and took out her blue salbutamol inhaler. she took a sharp breath and felt something shoot to the back of her throat where it became lodged. the mother-of-one ran outside in a panic when a neighbour came to her
a japanese woman got sweet revenge on her cheating boyfriend by giving his apple collection a good wash. the unnamed heartbroken girlfriend clearly knew how to hit her lying lover where it hurts , and dumped his imac , iphone , ipad and accessories in the bath tub. she then took photos of the gadget jacuzzi , and sent them to him. presumably on the one item of technology that was n't currently taking a long soak. a japanese woman got sweet revenge on her cheating boyfriend by giving his apple collection a good wash. the woman scorned took the trouble to give his imac - which start at # 899 - a single soaking. as most of us know , a substantial splash is enough to send
a bosnian town , home to more than 200 sets of twins in a population of 20,000 has claimed that it is the world 's multiple birth capital and wants to use that fact to turn it into a tourist attraction. officials in buzim , north west bosnia said their home should be known as the ` town of twins ' , due to the unusually high number of multiple births. local journalist nedzib vucelj noticed the phenomena when his wife emira gave birth to twins during the 1992-95 civil war. edita and elma pajalic are among the 200 sets of twins in the bosnian town of
we have most friends at the age of 26 after having spent the first quarter of our lives building up our friendship circle , a new study has revealed. the report into friendship showed that our social circle peaks at 26 years and seven months , at which we typically have five close friends. women are most popular at 25 years and 10 months , with men hitting the friendship high point a little later at 27 years and three months. women are most popular at 25 years of age , while men hit the friendship high a little later at 27. file image used. the research , by greetings card firm forever friends , shows that
mohamed diame will make his long-awaited return for hull when the tigers travel to swansea on saturday. hull boss steve bruce has confirmed that the sengalese midfielder , signed for # 3.5 million from west ham in the summer but who has been out for more than four months with a knee injury , will be involved at some stage of the match. bruce said : ` he will be involved. physically he 's immense , he 's terrific , but he has been out for four months with a horrible injury. mohamed diame is set to return from injury for
this extraordinary video - captured when a skydiver dropped his gopro camera at 10,000 ft - shows what it is like to freefall to the ground. the clip shows the very moment the helmet camera becomes detached and makes its dizzying descent back to earth. after what begins as a routine skydive - with two of the jumpers linking hands in mid-air as two companions circle them - the camera slips from helmet and makes its stomach-churning plunge to the ground. it spins quickly to the ground for a minute and a half before crashing into a field. remarkably , the camera remains intact despite falling from the great height. the video was taken of
these two australian dogs have got talent ! a pair of border collies were caught on camera performing a balancing act. using a human as their base , pooches ace and holly stood up high on their hind legs , with their front paws up. scroll down for video. here we go ! border collie ace is seen on top of his owner and trainer dai aoki 's lap. do n't forget about me ! soon , holly the border collie hops onto aoki 's legs. the brief clip , set to ` les toreadors ' from ` carmen , ' first shows a man , identified as
nearly 11 months after travelling to syria and joining islamic state , british fighter hamza parvez , 22 , still has n't found a wife and has been living with a group of unmarried fighters. known as abu hamza al-britani , the loveless british pakistani fighter recently moved back to the islamic state de-facto capital city of raqqa in syria , in search of love. he is now living in a house with a group of english speaking fighters , originally as far as belgium , finland and australia. hamza parvez -lrb- left -rrb- standing next to belgian fighter and close friend abu mariya al-belgiki have been living together in a
-lrb- cnn -rrb- one hundred and forty-seven victims. many more families affected. even more broken hopes and dreams. as kenyans mourned those killed last week in one of the deadliest terrorist attacks in the nation , citizens used social media to share the victims ' stories , hopes and dreams. using the hashtag # 147notjustanumber -- a reference to the number of people , mostly students , killed at garissa university college on thursday -- kenyans tweeted pictures of the victims in happier times. kenyan authorities have not released a list of the victims. the posts provided heart-wrenching details on the victims , including one
breakthrough ? : early tests carried out on cancer cells -lrb- like the one pictured -rrb- have shown survival rates in mice were boosted by more than 50 per cent. a new technique that effectively gives a personal treatment for cancer has been found by scientists. it harnesses the power of the body 's immune system and targets it at tumours. early experiments have demonstrated that the new method could revolutionise cancer care. scientists have found a system of priming the body 's immune system to recognise , attack and kill off cancerous cells in lung , skin and bowel tumours. the team which carried
centennial , colorado -lrb- cnn -rrb- after months of intensive questioning , a jury has finally been picked for the trial of colorado movie theater massacre suspect james holmes. twelve jurors and twelve alternates are on the list. the group includes 19 women and five men. it 's almost entirely white and mostly middle-aged. it 's a key step in the case , and it 's been a long time coming. jury selection started in january with 9,000 potential jurors. but the legal wrangling is the case is just revving up. holmes ' defense attorneys asked for a change of venue after the jury was seated tuesday. the judge denied their request , noting that a jury had already been seated. opening statements in the trial are
-lrb- cnn -rrb- i 'm haunted by the video of officer michael slager firing eight shots at walter scott as he fled his encounter with north charleston police -- his back turned to the officer. what i find more disturbing is how the officer cuffs the fallen scott and allows him to die face-down in the dirt while slager appears to plant an item next to his body. i understand why people are skeptical of self-defense claims -- especially from law enforcement. if not for the video taken by a bystander , i ca n't help but think that this story would be shuttered behind the wall of an active investigation. as a defense attorney , i am more sensitive than
it 's a brave politician indeed who is willing to expose their own battle with their squeezed middle for the cameras. as the election gets underway the gloves have come off between the main parties , and for three frontbenchers the tops have come off as well. tory health minister dan poulter , lib dem minister tom brake and labour frontbencher gavin shuker imposed strict cuts on their calories and put themselves at the mercy of a personal trainer for men 's health magazine. scroll down for video. health minister dan poulter saw his weight fell from 105kg to 102.5 kg , losing two inches off his 35in waist. his body fat fell from 24 per cent to 18 per cent. cooped up in the department of health
the u.s. supreme court 's. arguments on tuesday over same-sex marriage will cap more than. two decades of litigation and a transformation in public. attitudes. based on the court 's actions during the past two years , a. sense of inevitability is in the air : that a majority is on the. verge of declaring gay marriage legal nationwide. justice anthony kennedy , the court 's pivotal member on gay. rights , has been marching in this direction with opinions dating. to 1996. in his most recent gay rights decision for the court in. 2013 , rejecting a legal definition of marriage limited to a man. and woman for
the beloved , traditional anzac biscuit recipe is a simple one that features rolled oats , desiccated coconut , and golden syrup as the primary ingredients. but with so many different food tribes competing for prominence these days , be it sugar-free , raw , paleo , or #foodporn , the time-honoured recipe may not quite cut if for you and your family on april 25. femail asked well-known food authors to contribute their spin on the classic anzac biscuit recipe , from sugar-free , to a pimped-up chocolate and macadamia version ... and even a raw recipe. but how do they stack up against the original ?
it is usually found in pharmacy aisles beside creams to treat painful skin conditions such as eczema in children. but these days it seems you are just as likely to come across cetaphil in the beauty cupboards of the rich and famous. it has emerged that the cleanser is responsible for the glowing skin of a host of stars including britain 's got talent judge amanda holden and actresses charlize theron and olivia wilde. scroll down for video. celebrity favourite : it has emerged that cetaphil is responsible for the glowing skin of a host of stars including britain 's got talent judge amanda holden -lrb- left -rrb- and actresses charlize theron -lrb- right -rrb- and olivia wilde. cetaphil gentle cleanser , which currently costs # 6.74 at boots and is also stocked in pharmacies such as lloyds and online on amazon , is fragrance and soap free and contains just
for most of the country , spring is already in full force. but chilly temperatures in the northeast have kept snow on the ground well into april. one family on new york 's long island were even able to keep a snowman alive until this weekend , when their frosty finally melted in 70-degree temperatures. but before the snowman withered away , he became somewhat of an internet celebrity , with more than 3,000 people liking the page the family dedicated to their carrot-nosed friend on facebook. scroll down for video. until next year ! a family on new york 's long island tried to keep this snowman alive for as long as
a couple from louisville kentucky shared the tragic story of how they accidentally killed their 18-month-old son on thursday. brian bayers tearfully told wave how he was preparing to take his son back to day-care on february 13 when he went outside to warm up his truck and drive it closer to the house. bayers thought his son jackson was playing inside but when he got out of his truck he noticed that the back door of his house was wide open. scroll down for video. tearful memory : brian bayers tearfully recalled how he accidentally backed over his 18-month-old son. shattered : brian and amanda bayers are heartbroken after accidentally killing their son jackson in february. crushed : jackson was
forget sunbathing , now you can spend your holiday learning to strip. burlesque queen dita von teese is offering burlesque workshops at canyon ranch , a luxury health resort in tucson , arizona. with an emphasis on self-confidence boosting , the forty two-year-old fashion designer and author famous for her raunchy routines will run presentations and classes incorporating the principles of modern burlesque - the ` art form ' she famously revived. dita von teese will offer guests at the canyon ranch an insight into the glamorous world of burlesque. sensuality & the art of the teese with dita von teese will invite female guests to unleash their inner divas with a selection of workshops and classes. von teese , real
-lrb- cnn -rrb- it seems almost silly to be writing about baseball in the context of recent events. except it is n't. last weekend , as baltimore reacted to the death of freddie gray , the young man who died last week from a spinal cord injury he suffered while in police custody , major league baseball had a problem on its hands. saturday 's game between the orioles and red sox had gone into extra innings in camden yards , with plenty of fans for both teams glued to their seats. boston fans feel at home in oriole park -- a so-called retro urban park built to embrace
chelsea match-winner cesc fabregas hailed a vital win after his late goal gave his side a 1-0 victory over qpr at loftus road. the game looked to be heading for a stalemate before fabregas ' 88th minute shot - their first on target in the game - found its way past rob green. the win moved jose mourinho 's men seven points clear at the top of the table and fabregas admitted it was an important goal. midfielder cesc fabregas runs away in celebration having scored a vital winner in the 88th minute. ` it was vital. we know that we are playing for the most important trophy of the season , ' the
leicester 's premier league forecast has looked gloomy for some considerable time , but jamie vardy 's stoppage time winner at the hawthorns suddenly offers a sunnier outlook. ` it was a pretty decent day , ' said vardy -lrb- below -rrb-. ` i go to the racing for a giggle. winning the sweepstake was nice but three points was the main thing. ' leicester have appeared doomed to relegation for months , cemented to the bottom of the table since november. jamie vardy scored an injury-time winner to improve his side 's slim chance of premier league survival. vardy celebrates in front of the travelling away fans after hitting the winner against west bromwich albion. vardy struck past west brom goalkeeper boaz myhill during the closing stages of the clash on saturday. west brom -lrb- 4-4-2 -rrb- : myhill 5.5 ; dawson 5 , mcauley 5 , lescott 5.5 , brunt
the teenage daughter of assassinated russian opposition leader boris nemtsov has started a modelling career reportedly as a way of helping her to overcome her father 's death. dina nemtsova , 13 , made her debut in a photoshoot with russian fashion label yulia prohorova white zoloto. appearing alongside her mother and nemtsov 's partner , ekaterina odintsova , 37 , the young brunette posed in red and white dresses as well as an outfit with a patterned floral design. scroll down for video. debut : dina nemtsova -lrb- left -rrb- , the teenage daughter of assassinated russian opposition leader boris nemtsov
david cameron took on church of england bishops yesterday after they questioned the morality of his austerity and welfare policies. in an easter message to christians , the prime minister insisted the coalition had spent five years ` trying to lift people up ' by making work pay and encouraging responsibility. ` just because some people have disagreed with our policies , does not mean those policies are missing in moral content , ' he insisted. scroll down for video. trip with george : prime minister david cameron visited marston 's brewery in wolverhampton yesterday. statement : in an easter message to christians
the former navy seal who killed osama bin laden will host a ` machine gun fun ' shooting competition at a conservative fundraising event which costs $ 50,000 a ticket. robert o'neill , who claims the distinction of personally shooting dead the al qaeda leader , will treat specially-invited guests to a weekend shooting retreat in jackson hole , wyoming. potential attendees were contacted by the right-leaning for america non-profit and told to write back by may 10 for a chance to open fire alongside o'neill. shoot with the shooter : supporters of a conservative nonprofit were offered the change of a luxury stay in wyoming with robert o'neill , pictured while still in the navy , which would include a ` machine gun fun ' contest. citing
the secret service will have to drive scooby one and scooby two back to chappaqua without hillary clinton riding shotgun. instead , she 's flying coach and toting her own luggage. a united airlines regional jet carried her back to the east coast on thursday from the omaha , nebraska airport. her flight was bound for newark , new jersey , the major airport most convenient to her spacious chappaqua , new york home. a reporter with the liberal news outlet vox tweeted a photo of clinton toting her own luggage on thursday in omaha. she 's just like us ? a town car sedan -lrb- right -rrb- met mrs. clinton on the tarmac in
david bowie , who performed an alien in the cult classic film the man who fell to earth , has composed music for a new stage version in new york. the british musician long known for his experimentalism has written new songs and arranged older music for the production late this year at the new york theatre workshop. based on the novel by walter tevis , the 1976 film starred bowie as a humanoid who lands on earth in search of water for his parched planet and becomes enamored with alcohol and television. flashback : david bowie is returning to the man who fell to earth by
they 're two of the uks best loved celebrities so it 's little wonder than david beckham and holly willoughby have been voted the stars we 'd most like to have as our parents. in a new survey by ripley 's believe it or not ! david , the former england captain , obe and goodwill ambassador for unicef has been voted to be the number one celebrity figure brits would love to have as a dad. whilst this morning host and celebrity juice panellist , holly , 34 , has all the qualities of the perfect mother figure. unfortunately for
if you want to stay healthy , try saying ` thank you ' more often. feeling grateful can improve the health of our hearts , according to a new study. researchers found that heart patients who expressed gratitude for the positive things in their life had improved mental , and ultimately physical , health. the study involved men and women who had been diagnosed with stage b heart failure. heart patients who expressed gratitude for the positive things in their life had better mental and physical health , a study found. stage b is where patients have developed structural heart disease - they may , for example , have had a heart attack that damaged the heart - but
a seven-year-old british boy has fallen 160ft to his death from a cliff in the alps after becoming separated from his family on a skiing holiday. carwyn scott-howell got lost on the slopes and left the piste before walking through a treacherously steep wooded area , according to a source. the welsh schoolboy , who was formally named by police today , was holidaying in the french resort of flaine with his mother ceri , elder brother gerwyn , 19 , and nine-year-old sister antonia when the accident took place. a seven-year-old british boy has died after getting separated from his parents on a family skiing holiday
these days art appears to be everywhere we look , which means that it 's not always easy to be original in our creative endeavours. however one artistic soul proved there are still simple ways to make the mundane interesting when he used four plastic cups and a marker pen to create something truly unique. filming a demonstration of his creation , the video maker and artist holds up two see-through plastic cups that he has stacked into one another. the video maker holds two stacked cups up to the camera and rotates through the various hairstyles. drawn on the inside cup is a head and a torso and pictured on the outside cup are a selection of haircuts. rotating the outer cup , the man brings the numerous haircuts ,
a mum has come under fire for sending out invitations to her son 's first birthday in which she lists very specific requests for the boy - including some rather large and pricy gifts. the unnamed woman , whose email was shared by a recipient yesterday on reddit , demands a $ 63.99 water table from walmart , a $ 19.99 play tent , a $ 14.99 play tunnel from ikea , and a $ 7.99 cheerios book , writing : ` if you are unable to get these items , please let us know so we can buy them right away for him. ' she
gene sarazen did it with the shot heard round the world. ben hogan did it with his one and only appearance at the open championship. tiger woods achieved it at the home of golf. when it comes to the career grand slam the stars align it seems , and it is completed with wondrous deeds on fitting stages. and now rory mcilroy has the chance to join the exalted company of just five men at augusta national , of all places. as woods put it : ` where better could you ask for than to complete it here ? ' rory mcilroy tees off on the first during his practice round ahead of the 2015 masters on thursday. mcilroy is targeting his third major
-lrb- cnn -rrb- just before writing this column , i reached into the depths of my wallet , and in between the pilot licenses , i slid out a postage stamp-size certificate issued by the federal aviation administration. the certificate documents my successful completion of the dc special flight rules area , or sfra , online course. the online course verifies that i am knowledgeable to fly a plane under visual flight rules into the most highly restricted u.s. airspace in the country. although a `` no-fly zone '' over the white house has long existed , the sfra airspace was developed to protect the washington area further after the 9/11 terrorist attacks. the size of the sfra airspace is designed to
-lrb- cnn -rrb- kayahan , one of turkey 's best-loved singers and songwriters , died of cancer friday at the age of 66. he had performed most recently in istanbul on valentine 's day. the performer , who was also an accomplished guitarist , was first diagnosed with cancer in 1990 , the year he competed in the eurovision song contest , and the year before he released the album that ignited his career. the cancer returned in 2005 and then again in 2014 , turkey 's semiofficial anadolu agency reported. he died friday in a hospital in istanbul , five days after his 66th birthday. `` we are in grief over losing kayahan , who contributed to turkish music with countless compositions and marked a
-lrb- cnn -rrb- for superhero fans , the cup runneth over. most of us know the members of the avengers by now : iron man , captain america , hulk and the rest , and the fact that a few more like quicksilver are joining the cast in the `` avengers : age of ultron '' sequel. but there was one character who remained a mystery : the vision , to be played by paul bettany. thus far , we 've only seen his eyes in a trailer. with less than a month to go before the movie hits theaters , marvel studios put all the speculation to rest with a poster featuring bettany as the heroic android , who was
the world 's largest cattle station is for sale , and it 's larger than israel. according to the abc , the largest of the stations is anna creek station in south australia which covers an enormous 23,000 square kilometres. the eleven cattle farms cover over 100,000 square kilometres and are being sold by the family business s. kidman and co.. the world 's largest cattle station is for sale in anna creek south australia and it 's bigger than israel. it covers a huge 23,000 square kilometres and includes original stock and equipment. all of the farms include the original equipment as well as the stock which is a beneficial deal with the 11
the last thing many people would expect to discover when delving into their gran 's past , is their successful career as a pin-up girl. helen dunn , 78 , was n't ever expecting to relive her daring past , but was surprised when she opened a copy of the sunday mercury newspaper to find a photo of herself starring back. the mother-of-two and grandmother , from stourbridge , west midlands , was flicking through the newspaper when she spotted herself on the cover of a raunchy lads ' mag from 1955. helen dunn , 78 , was shocked to discover her cover images for vintage lads mag span , when she opened the sunday mercury newspaper. vintage beauty :
-lrb- cnn -rrb- cynthia lennon , who married john lennon when he was a struggling musician and was there when he rose to fame with the beatles , died wednesday , according to a post on the website of her son , julian. she was 75. `` cynthia lennon passed away today at her home in mallorca , spain , following a short but brave battle with cancer. her son julian lennon was at her bedside throughout , '' his website says. `` the family are thankful for your prayers. please respect their privacy at this difficult time. '' john and cynthia lennon were married for six years , from 1962 to 1968. the pair met at art school , where cynthia studied to be an illustrator and
harper lee was not manipulated into publishing her sequel to to kill a mockingbird , and is not an elder abuse victim , according to an official probe. state authorities were suspicious that the 88-year-old author , who is reportedly deaf and blind , was somehow pushed into publishing the forthcoming go set a watchman , and launched two investigations into the circumstances surrounding the launch. many feared outside influences were at play as lee , who lives in an nursing home in monroeville , alabama , had said for decades she wanted to kill a mockingbird to be her only published novel.
she typically commands attention. but on tuesday , kim kardashian was cropped out of a photo for what may be the first time ever. the 34-year-old reality tv star was captured dining in a non-kosher restaurant in the holy land alongside her husband , rapper kanye west , 37 , and jerusalem 's mayor , nir barkat , on monday. following the outing , mr barkat posted a photo of him and the famous couple on his twitter page , writing that he had joined kanye and kim ` to toast and celebrate hosting them in our beautiful city. ' however , the next day , only kanye and mr barkat were pictured in the photo , reprinted in an article on the ultra-orthodox news site , hakikar. kim , meanwhile , was obscured by a copy of the $ 692
curiosity nearly got the better of this cat ! carol bennett-chevereau from quebec , canada , filmed her pet moggy getting up to mischievous as he investigated a row of empty suitcases. but footage shows his adventuring took a turn for the worse with him plunging headfirst into one bag and struggling to get free. he is seen desperately pedaling his back legs through the air with the rest of his body trapped. after a brief pause , he puts more gusto into his escape causing the bag to come crashing down. with some zealous tugs , he eventually manages to free his head and get back on all fours. he looks a little dazed and confused as he regains balance. the cat 's owner said the incident made her laugh. luckily , the
it 's usually children who are seen splashing away in spray fountains. but one dog was caught lapping up all the fun at a public play area in brooklyn , new york , over the weekend. lihi yona filmed the black pup enthusiastically jumping around in time to the squirts of water. each time the water sprays , the canine flies through the air. his bemused owner can be seen standing at the sidelines holding on to the pup 's leash. other bystanders are heard laughing in the background as they watch the animal in action. after almost a minute the dog
ryan bertrand took to instagram to upload a snap of himself and his daughter in their matching cars - admittedly , however , one of them probably is n't road legal. the 25-year-old southampton left back got his little girl a red ferrari just like his own , before posing with the pair of them outside their home. bertrand is enjoying an excellent season on the south coast , making 26 premier league appearances since his summer switch from chelsea - initially a loan deal that was made permanent in february. ryan bertrand poses with his daughter and their matching ferraris on instagram. he has been one of their stars of the season as ronald koeman 's side currently sit sixth in the premier league , an impressive feat considering
the new marvels movie , the avengers : age of ultron , is sure to wow the crowds at the cinema but the exclusive clothing line produced by a little-known brisbane is already lining the owner 's pockets. wade lange and his team living dead clothing , have been over-run by orders and enquiries since launching their new line this week - so massive has the interest been , that the company 's website has crashed due to the demand from around the world. ` it 's so hard to put a dollar figure on what 's been sold , as it 's only been available for a few days but we 've seen massive sales , ' mr lange told
a georgia man who went missing in early january and was discovered dead in a lake a month later suffered a gunshot wound and drowned , it has been revealed. kelly nash , 25 , was last seen alive in the early hours of january 5 when he woke up coughing and sneezing , and told his girlfriend , jessica sexton , he was not feeling well. by the time sexton got up at 7.30 am , the man was gone. he left the house without his wallet , id card or the keys to his truck. sad end : kelly
she 's the clean eating food lover who has more than 102,000 followers on instagram thanks to her healthy and delicious looking meals. but she has a secret weapon that most food bloggers do n't have - when people are n't obsessing over her recipes , they 're checking out her rock-hard abs. we 're talking about clean eating alice , the latest social media sensation to be making a name for herself by living a healthy life. scroll down for video. over the last year alice -lrb- pictured before , left , and after , right -rrb- has completely transformed her body with the help of healthy
a company has released matches that continue to burn even when submerged in water or buried underground in dirt. the uco stormproof matches are made using an incredibly tough coating that smoulders no matter what happens to them and will start burning again once they come into contact with oxygen. the unique matches have to go through rigorous testing to make sure they keep alight in even the most difficult situations. scroll down for video. indestructable : the uco stormproof matches -lrb- pictured -rrb- are made using an incredibly tough coating that smoulders no matter what happens to it and will start burning again once it comes into
stranded residents of last week 's devastating floods , who were unable to cross the water to attend an anzac day memorial service , were thrilled after a cornet player treated them to a rendition of the last post from the water 's edge. maitland local karen newton , a teacher and former professional musician , had just finished playing at the kurri kurri dawn service and was on her way to gillieston heights to deliver food to the victims of the floods. when she got to the water 's edge at testers hollow , ms newton plucked her cornet from the car and began playing the bugle
floyd mayweather jnr recalls the reaction of his friends on the day he set himself up as an independent boxing business and told them : ` the time will come when i make a hundred million dollars in one night. ' he says : ` they told me i was crazy. ' that was when he broke away from bob arum , who is the promoter of the other combatant in the richest fight of all time. manny pacquiao will also earn more than $ 100million in las vegas on may 2. but mayweather takes special pride in being his own boss as they break the boxing bank. floyd mayweather hits the pads with his
david cameron -lrb- pictured -rrb- said he knows that when it comes to immigration , ` fears and worries ' remain. let me reassure you , i know that when it comes to immigration , fears and worries remain. they were set out on the front page of this newspaper yesterday. and i want to set out exactly the choice before you on may 7. i am not one of those politicians who says they ` get ' how people feel about immigration then speaks differently in private. sitting in the house of commons from 2001 , i had a ringside seat on labour 's complete failure on immigration
raheem sterling has been pictured smoking a shisha pipe with liverpool team-mate jordon ibe but is not the first premier league star to have been involved such controversy. here , sportsmail details five other misbehaving stars involved in similar incidents away from the field. raheem sterling has been pictured smoking a shisha pipe with team-mate jordon ibe earlier this season. jack wilshere. three times the arsenal midfielder has found himself under fire amid a smoking row. in 2013 he was spotted outside a london nightclub with a cigarette in his mouth and was pictured smoking in a swimming pool in las vegas a year later. and
when it comes to getting a stunning view of new york , most people would be content with taking a trip to the top of the empire state building. but not this teenager , who goes by the name of dark.cyanide. instead he climbs up some of the city 's tallest buildings , without ropes or harnesses , before sitting on precarious ledges - all in the name of capturing the perfect photograph. many of the 18-year-old 's vertigo-inducing images , which include some shot 72 storeys above street level , show his feet dangling hundreds of feet above the city streets
-lrb- cnn -rrb- american suburbanites who can do all their shopping without getting wet , driving from point-to-point or looking for a new place to park , can give much of the credit to alfred taubman. taubman , a real estate developer who helped change the face of suburban life by popularizing upscale indoor shopping malls , died friday at the age of 91. the announcement was made by his son , robert taubman , the chairman , president and chief executive officer of taubman centers inc. , the company his father founded 65 years ago. a. alfred taubman -- his first name was adolph -- was born january 31 , 1924 , in michigan to german jewish immigrants who hit hard times during the great depression. `` i started working when i was 9
andrew sadek 's body was found in a river with a bullet to the head nearly two months after going missing in may 2014. nearly a year after north dakota college student andrew sadek 's body was found in a river with a bullet in the head , his mother still struggles with how her shy son who liked to bowl and belonged to a club of electricity enthusiasts got mixed up in the dangerous world of illegal drugs. tammy sadek believes the answer is that her 20-year-old son signed his own death warrant when he agreed to become a confidential informant for police after they caught him
did you blink ? there was a total eclipse of the moon on saturday - but it was an unusually short one. the lunar event - where earth 's shadow completely blocks the moon - lasted only five minutes , making it the shortest eclipse of the century , nasa said. the so-called ` blood moon ' could be seen by billions of people across the western u.s. , canada and australia. scroll down for video. blood moon : skygazers in the western u.s. , canada , australia and new zealand were treated to a total eclipse of the moon before dawn on saturday -lrb- pictured over new zealand
nicole kidman , naomi watts , geoffrey rush and joel edgerton have all made significant contributions to australia through film and television that will no doubt last a lifetime. but recently uncovered documents from ancestry.com reveal their ancestors have also had a lasting impact on the country through their service and involvement in world war one. as australia prepares to commemorate the anzac centenary on saturday , the service records belonging to two of edgerton 's great grand-uncles show they were on the battlefield in gallipoli 100 years ago. scroll down for video. actor joel edgerton 's great grand-unclessimon phillip comerford -lrb- left -rrb- and laurence william comerford -lrb- centre right -rrb- ,
christine carriage , 67 , -lrb- pictured -rrb- was handed a six-month suspended sentence at norwich crown court. a grandmother hoarded 1,300 items of stolen clothing in her tiny bungalow -- which police said was like a ` warehouse '. officers raiding christine carriage 's one-bedroom home found that 340 of the stolen items still had price tags on. but this week the 67-year-old walked free from court. a total of 1,337 items of clothing , shoes and handbags -- valued at # 5,620 -- were seized by police from the home in bowthorpe , norwich , on november 4 , 2013. william carter , prosecuting , said police found
a woman is in a critical condition after falling 30 metres from the highest lookout in blue mountains when she slipped trying to retrieve her mobile phone. the 44-year-old , named by locals as donna christie , slipped and fell from hassans fall lookout at lithgow on tuesday afternoon , the abc reports. she was bushwalking with a male friend and her two children , aged 12 and 13 , when she dropped her phone at the lookout , which is almost 1,100 metres above sea level. the 44-year-old , named by locals as donna christie , slipped and fell from hassans fall lookout at lithgow on tuesday afternoon. she is believed to have suffered serious head
the hit us tv series house of cards features francis underwood , played by kevin spacey , and his wife claire , played by robin wright. so here 's the deal. step one : book a private dining room at washington 's capital grille. step two : invite your political enemies to lunch. step three : ask the waiter for an extra-sharp steak knife. lunch is never just lunch when you 're dining in the shadow of capitol hill. it 's an exercise in power-broking and political assassination. i 'd come to washington to learn some tricks from house of cards -- the hit
it 's truly squeaky bum time in the premier league relegation battle as just nine points separates the bottom seven teams. sportsmail asks some of the managers in and among the dog fight what they feel is required for them to avoid the drop this season. question : ` what will it take for your club to stay in the premier league ? ' chris ramsey -lrb- qpr -rrb-. ` if we win three games i think we will stay up. it might take less. i 'm not saying that 's the definitive amount - but we really need to start winning
for three years , john helinski 's home was a cardboard box at a tampa bay bus stop. the 62-year-old had all of his personal identification stolen - so struggled to apply for a place at a homeless shelter. but when a cop and his case manger looked into his past , they found a previously lost bank account with money and enough social security benefits to buy his own house. scroll down for video. john helinski , 62 , spent three years living in a cardboard box on the streets of tampa bay. he then tried to apply for a place at a homeless shelter , but struggled because all of his personal identification had been stolen. a cop and a case manager then looked
-lrb- cnn -rrb- do you remember the talk about plans for iraqi-led force to try to take back mosul this spring ? well , you might want to forget it. nearly three months after a u.s. official said up to 25,000 iraqis troops were expected to return to the key northern iraqi city in april or may , a senior official in president barack obama 's administration said thursday that washington is `` not putting a timeframe on '' a possible invasion. it `` might be some time from now. might be soon , '' another senior administration official said. mosul has long been the big prize in the iraqi government 's fight --
with every new milestone , many may find themselves nostalgically looking back upon their life and career choices. as expected , not everyone will feel satisfied with the decisions they 've made that they have made the right decisions. but this affects women more so than men , a new survey has revealed. a new survey has revealed that women regret their career choices more than men. with 47 % compared to only 40 % of men. according to specialist travel agency planet cruise , women regret their career choices more so than men. just under half -lrb- 47 per cent -rrb- of women aged over 55 expressed disappointment over their decisions , compared to just 40 per cent of men.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- hillary clinton finally answered the question we 've all been asking for years : will she run for president in 2016 ? with official news of her candidacy just hours old , one thing is already crystal clear : for the next year and a half , clinton will be the barometer by which we assess gender equality in the united states. win or lose , this creates a burden for her that no male candidate will ever have to shoulder. just consider the two potential outcomes. a win would mean a woman in the white house , which is a vital step in the march toward women 's full political inclusion. but it 's possible that the
the world 's largest sperm bank is relocating next to one of the country 's largest universities in order to tap into ` the abundant donor opportunities '. cryos international , an online sperm bank , is moving its offices from new york to the central florida research park in orlando , right next to the university of central florida. while the company says the decision is in part due to the better facilities on offer , it is also due to the ` intense competition for donors ' in new york. cryos international , the ` world 's largest sperm bank
this is the heartwarming moment a military father springs an elaborate homecoming surprise on his eight-year-old son by photobombing his class picture. video footage shows corporal james bass of north carolina sneaking up behind his son joshua while he strikes a formal pose in front of a scenic backdrop. then , as the photographer shows the third-grader the finished photo he took , he spots his father pulling a goofy jazz hands pose in the background and turns around to see him standing there. ` daddy ! ' joshua exclaims , as he runs towards his father and gives him a big hug. scroll down for video. caught
-lrb- cnn -rrb- it 's the kind of thing you see in movies , like robert redford 's role in `` all is lost '' or ang lee 's `` life of pi. '' but , in real life , it 's hard to swallow the idea of a single person being stranded at sea for days , weeks , if not months and somehow living to talk about it. miracles do happen , though , and not just in hollywood. we 're not talking about people who float aimlessly or run aground after running out of gas or being let down by faltering winds only to be picked up
a host of the nation 's favourite stars have been announced to perform at a concert to mark the 70th anniversary of ve day. status quo , katherine jenkins and west end star elaine paige will perform at the event. it is set to be one of the highlights of a three-day commemoration of the end of the second world war , running from friday , may 8 to sunday , may 10. concert : status quo will perform at the event marking the 70th anniversary of ve day. members rick parfitt -lrb- pictured left -rrb- and francis rossi -lrb- right -rrb-. katherine jenkins will be west end star
these are the incredible shots of the american southwest that a photographer captured with a fairly common lens - that of his iphone , to be exact. armed with just his phone and a sleeping bag , kevin russ hopped trains , dumpster dived for leftovers and slept in ditches as he photographed the lifestyle of a nomad down south. russ traveled from california to colorado , making his way through arizona , texas and new mexico. scroll down for video. austin , texas : these are the incredible shots of the american southwest that kevin russ has captured with just his iphone. a nap in texas : armed with just his phone and a sleeping bag , russ hopped trains , dumpster
on her son 's first birthday , taniya astbury expects to shed a tear of joy - as it 's a day she thought she 'd never see. her little boy defied the odds - as well as doctors ' warnings - that he had no chance of survival. benjamin was born 12 weeks early , weighing 1lb 3oz , little more than a bag of sugar. he suffered five cardiac arrests and was born with a bowel problem requiring two emergency operations. benjamin astbury , who doctors said would not survive after he was born , has defied the odds and
he 's protected russell crowe , naomi campbell and aerosmith rocker steve tyler , and now cengiz guven is protecting australian travellers at gallipoli. mr guven is the supervisor of site security at lone pine , the hilltop battlefield cemetery that will host the second australian dawn service on anzac day. and while there have been questions about security at gallipoli following recent terror arrests in australia and ongoing instability in syria , mr guven is quietly confident. ` the army is here , we are here. it will be okay , ' he said. cengiz güven -lrb- left -rrb- with actor russell crowe in istanbul during the
a young indonesian man has cheated death after stowing himself away in the wheel housing of a jet which flew for an hour in freezing temperatures. mario ambarita , 21 , took chances with his life when he clambered into the wheel housing of the garuda indonesia flight which took off from the main island of sumatra and flew at 34,000 ft to jakarta. the desperate reason for his actions was simply that he was ` looking for work '. mario ambarita , pictured , clambered into the wheel housing of the garuda indonesia flight which took off from the main island of sumatra and flew at 34,000 ft to jakarta. he had climbed into the wheel housing when the aircraft stopped at the end of the
finding a place where you can experience some all-important family time , outdoor fun and a helping of luxury at the same time might sound like a tall order ... but if you 're partial to a weekend under canvas , family-oriented festival elderflower fields might be one of the best tickets you can buy this year. as its founders explain , elderflower fields , held in the idyllic setting of pippingford park in the ashdown forest , is about giving children and families the chance to take part in a huge range of activities. elderflower fields festival will be held in the idyllic setting of pippingford park for the second year running. the independent festival was created in 2012 by a small team of friends to provide the perfect environment for kids and grown-ups to fully escape for a weekend. now entering its
a pre-med student in new york city is taking microscopic images of diseases and other biological structures and turning them into prints for her innovative new athletic apparel and accessories line. lizzie cochran , a student at columbia university , has launched a kickstarter campaign to fund her upcoming fashion line epidemia designs , which she came up with after spending days upon days staring at cells through microscopes in her biology classes , and then spotting an article on epidemics that displayed images of deadly diseases from recent history. ` the one that jumped out at me was the flu of 1918 virus , ' lizzie told today. ` it was one of the most devastating epidemics
it appears coca cola fans are quite an ocd bunch. used to getting their sweet fix in bottles with colour-coded tops , many like being able to tell whether they 're reaching for the ` full fat ' regular variety by the red lid on top. but since march the soft drink company has been putting scarlet tops on diet coke as well - causing consternation for fans of the zero calorie , zero sugar version. scroll down for video. diet coke bottles like this one now have red lids just like regular coke - causing a headache for some fans. coke has switched all the
lindsay lohan has been living in london for the past year and says she likes it so much , she does n't see herself returning to the states any time soon. the 28-year-old flame-haired beauty recently spent a stint on the stage , starring in a west end production of david mamet 's speed the plow - for which she received lukewarm reviews - and seems intent on remaining in the uk for the foreseeable future. ` -lsb- london -rsb- feels like home , i miss it every time i have to leave for work and ca n't wait to get back , ' lindsay told
a car repair shop worker has been suspended after telling a customer 's husband he needed to ` get her in check before there 's a big f *** ing problem ' in a profane and threatening voicemail. kyle kandrick was suspended from the maaco auto body shop in hagerstown , maryland after ella may rudd posted the voicemail left for her husband on facebook. in the voicemail , kandrick said : ` hey , billy , kyle at maaco here. i was just personally attacked by your wife on facebook , and i do n't appreciate it at all , pal. ' scroll down for video. ella may rudd
when most think of ford , its ubiquitous fiesta and focus spring to mind. but in a bid to shed its image as the home of the mundane run-around , the company has launched its very own supercar. with the first models already shipped to china , the gt , will be unrolled across europe next year. while ford has refused to officially confirm its price , bosses have indicated it will run alongside the # 260,000 lamborghini aventador. to herald its launch , the company 's design team have created a stunning light sculpture which showcases how they came about creating the prototype. ford showcased its # 260,000 gt in a stunning light
aston villa shocked liverpool to reach the fa cup final to take on arsenal in may. philippe coutinho fired liverpool ahead with a smart chip before a long range chrisitan benteke strike equalised for aston villa. tim sherwood 's side moved into the lead thanks to a solo effort from fabian delph and held on for the famous victory. here , sportsmail 's laurie whitwell rates the players ' performances at wembley stadium. the aston villa players celebrate after fabian delph -lrb- centre -rrb- fires tim sherwood 's side into the lead. aston villa -lrb- 4-1-2-1-2 -rrb-. shay given 6.5. could not do anything to prevent coutinho 's deflected goal , in the second-half
it is the ground on which their husbands fought during the first world war. one hundred years on , these war widows are visiting the battlefields in gallipoli - many of them for the first time. the war widows - who were much younger than their returned servicemen husbands - will be the guests of honour at the gallipoli dawn service on saturday. among them is jean pockett , who experienced a little heart scare as she arrived in turkey on thursday. as she landed , she did n't feel so well and had to see the doctor. scroll down for video. jean pockett , the widow of private
a period of striving came to an end for liverpool and brendan rodgers at the emirates on saturday. hope expired. the manager 's 15-minute press conference , where he conceded that his team 's chances of qualifying for the champions league were over , was a requiem for lost opportunities. rodgers did his best to stay upbeat. the liverpool manager does not do disconsolate. but he did not pretend that this has not been a difficult season. after their heroic tilt at the title last year , liverpool have slipped out of contention. it is a bitter pill to swallow for a club
sportsmail 's derek lawrenson gives his predictions ahead of the 79th masters at augusta on thursday. best american. so many to choose from but given augusta 's predilection for a tale of redemption -- from vijay ` kiss my ass ' singh to adam ` this one 's for you , greg ' scott -- let 's go for the reformed party animal dustin johnson. time for him to prove he can match his gargantuan yardage off the tee with the requisite amount of brain cells. dustin johnson watches his tee shot during a practice round on the augusta course on wednesday. best european -lrb- non-uk -rrb-. not so many to choose from , alas. indeed , given henrik stenson spent a week in bed with flu recently
sanaa , yemen -lrb- cnn -rrb- as soon as the buses parked , the people scrambled onto the airport tarmac. they carried duffel bags , plastic bags full of clothes and small suitcases. they 'd already abandoned larger bags in a mound. only carry-on luggage was allowed on this air india plane. the passengers were mostly indian nationals , plus yemenis and people from other countries who had been working in yemen 's capital , sanaa. they sprinted or walked with deliberation to the airplanes. the stress of living in a war zone showed on the passengers ' faces. nobody wanted to be left behind. they climbed the steps to the airliner and were greeted by the air india crew ,
dustin wayne south died in louisville , kentucky , on wednesday after police were called to a field where south was seen wielding a gun. a 32-year-old man shot himself in the head during a firefight with police officers in kentucky as horrified witnesses watched the chaotic scene unfold. dustin wayne south died wednesday night at the louisville scene , in a field behind lassiter middle school , a normally peaceful neighborhood in the southern part of the city. the shootout occurred after a neighbor saw south walking around the field while waving a gun in the air. two bullets fired by police struck south , but neither was
-lrb- cnn -rrb- my name is mark goodacre , and i am a professor of new testament and christian origins in the department of religious studies at duke university. i was series adviser and one of many on-camera experts on cnn 's `` finding jesus. '' i also appeared in each episode of the program. viewers were invited to tweet and post their questions on the `` finding jesus '' facebook page during the season finale about mary magdalene. below are some of the most interesting , and my answers to them. they have been edited for style and clarity for this article
this adorable dancer 's incredible balancing skills have made her on overnight internet sensation. the talented toddler , believed to be from china and female , carefully balances three small bowls on her head as she performs a series of dance moves to music. happily bobbing along to the music , the youngster who is thought to be aged between two and three years old , slowly spins around being careful not to drop the dinnerware , as seen in a video on the people 's daily online. tiny dancer : this talented toddler has become an internet sensation in china after the video of her dancing went viral. with a look of pure
-lrb- cnn -rrb- facebook may soon need to add `` just got served divorce papers '' to its list of relationship statuses now that a new york judge has said the social media site is an acceptable way for a brooklyn woman to serve her husband with a summons for divorce. ellanora arthur baidoo has been trying to divorce her husband for several years , according to her attorney , andrew spinnell. but , spinnell said , he and his client have n't been able to find victor sena blood-dzraku to serve him the papers. baidoo has been able to reach her husband by phone
if you were placed in a room with a button and told not to press it , could you fight the temptation ? a current reddit thread is testing its users resolve to do just this by placing a clickable button next to a 60-second timer. when the button is clicked , the timer resets and it is not yet known what happens when the clock reaches zero because no-one can resist clicking it. more than 730,285 reddit users have pressed the button -lrb- pictured -rrb- since the california firm launched its r/thebutton thread on april fool 's day. it is not yet known what happens when the timer reaches zero and users can only click the button once. at the time of writing , more than 730,285 reddit users have
amanda knox may have finally cleared her name , but eight years of legal battles have left the seattle native penniless , exhausted and traumatized from stress , claims her biographer. ` in prison , she was threatened with rape from a male guard , it was a really terrible experience , ' says trial by jury author , douglas preston. ' i think it has really affected her , it 's really hard to lead a normal life after that. ' scroll down for video. strain and relief : amanda knox spoke outside her parents ' home on march 27 flanked by her fiancé colin sutherland after she was exonerated for the murder of meredith kercher in november 2007. three weeks after an italian court overturned her conviction for the
it sparked a hate campaign and was dubbed so terrifying , it was nicknamed scary lucy. and now even the sculptor of the i love lucy statue in celoron , new york , has called it ` by far my most unsettling sculpture ' and six years after it was unveiled has pledged to make a new one for free. but the statue of lucille ball - which was so offensive a facebook page called we love lucy ! get rid of this statue was launched - is n't the only offensive artwork that has missed the mark. scroll down for video. residents of celoron , new york , were understandably disturbed when this statue of lucille ball was
global megastar kim kardashian has lifted the lid on what exactly she eats to keep her curvaceous figure in tip-top condition. harpers bazaar magazine has published an extract from the star 's book selfish revealing what she dines on each day. kim has revealed that she changes her food intake every ten days and works with a nutritionist to create meal plans for her and husband kanye west. she said : ` kanye loves to eat really healthy and is always on different diets. he has a chef who comes in the morning and cooks breakfast for both of us and gets our meal plans together for the day. ' scroll down for video. in an extract from kim kardashian
a beanie believed to have belonged to luke shambrook has been found on the fourth day of the search for the missing 11-year-old. victoria police have confirmed it was located on monday afternoon , west of the devil 's cove and candlebark campsite in lake eildon national park - north-east of melbourne. they are unsure when the beanie was dropped as the search for luke continues. scroll down for video. the shambrook family with children -lrb- left to right -rrb- luke , 11 , lauren , 7 , and matthew , 10. luke shambrook was last seen on the national park at 9.30 am on good
the australian family of a 21-year-old backpacker who disappeared from a croatian night club in 2008 are hoping to finally find out the truth about how she died. britt lapthorne , from melbourne , was last seen at the latin club fuego in the coastal , tourist town of dubrovnik where she was partying with about 10 other backpackers. croatian police never solved the mystery of how the student 's body came to be in nearby boninovo bay , where it was found almost three weeks after she disappeared on september 18. her family believes ms lapthorne was murdered , her body weighted down and dumped
it is a problem the average traveller does n't often have to deal with. but for those lucky few who travel the world by private jet , the landing fees charged at airports can differ dramatically , with some surprising hubs asking for the highest fees. the high landings fees give an insight into some of the most unexpectedly popular transport hubs for the rich and famous , from salzburg , in austria , to darwin , in australia. owning a private jet is a luxury only afford to the wealthy , and you 'll need to be to continually fork out for landing charges which can reach thousands every time. travelling by private jet is a growing trend , with 2.5 million private flights recorded
frail and tired of leading a secret life for four decades , 66-year-old clarence david moore called police this week to surrender. the deputy who answered thought it was a prank. it was n't. moore escaped from police custody three times during the 1970s and eventually settled into a quiet life , living in kentucky since at least 2009. his health is poor from a stroke late last year and he has difficulty speaking. when franklin county sheriff pat melton showed up at moore 's house to make the ` arrest , ' moore was in a hospital bed. he broke down in tears.
anything to declare. by john frost. -lrb- constable # 8.99 -rrb-. stopped by customs officers , oscar wilde notoriously said he had nothing to declare but his genius. other passengers , as jon frost hilariously recounts , try to sneak through the red and green channels considerably more heavily laden. john frost says he ` would n't trust a nun with a crutch ' -lrb- stock image -rrb-. during his long career as a customs specialist at london airports , frost has had ` to politely listen to people lying through their teeth at you ' as they attempt to smuggle in snakes , bush meat -lrb- zebra , lion , gorilla -rrb- , combs that double as flick-knives , a monkey sewn into the lining of a coat , another monkey ` disguised as a hairy
selfie sticks and extreme sports are not designed to go together , as a snowboarder in japan proved. while enjoying the slopes in the country 's chiisagata district , the man can be seen decked out in purple holding a matching selfie stick at arm 's length. recording himself from behind , the man begins his descent of the mountain and a skier can be seen just in front of him. weaving down the slope , the snowboarder initially appears to make a success of the video and he even causes the snow to spray in the air while turning. picking up the
forget football and females and other traditional pub banter - modern men are more likely to chat about their children over a pint with their friends. relationship issues and sexual problems are also high on the agenda for discussion down the boozer. those were the findings of more than 70 hours of footage from hidden cameras in one london pub. session : secret cameras at an east london boozer showed that men are more likely to discuss sexual problems and relationship issues than the weekend 's football matches. they did n't pick up a single mention of football , while women were discussed only occasionally. one man in the lord nelson pub was heard
rafa nadal got his clay court season off to a perfect , confidence-boosting start with a 6-2 , 6-1 win over frenchman lucas pouille in the monte carlo masters. it was a businesslike display from the world no 5. he did n't unleash the full power of his forehand but played sensible , measured tennis and made only five unforced errors in the match. his talented 21-year-old opponent showed flashes of attacking flair , including one outrageous half-volley forehand winner , but was never able to put enough balls in court to trouble the great spaniard. rafael nadal safely made his way into third round
animal-lovers look away now ! this is the moment a skateboarder bombs down a road at 40mph and collides with a deer head-on as it unexpectedly leaps out. footage shows 27-year-old jared henry of arkansas being knocked off his longboard to the ground while the doe spins on its stomach into a ditch. after coming to a standstill , henry rolls over on the tarmac and opens his mouth in apparent pain. the pro-sportsman was shooting a video for the fayettechill outdoor clothing brand before the freak accident took place. the deer apparently broke its pelvis and died while henry recovered from the incident unscathed. recalling the chain of events he later wrote on
burying the dead along with a human sacrifice was common in ancient korea. but an unusual tomb dating to between the 5th and 6th century seems to hold the remains of two lovers , one of whom may have been killed so the pair could lie together for eternity. the skeletons were found on top of one another in the tomb from korea 's silla dynasty , leading some experts suggesting that the set-up could even have been designed to show two people having sex. an unusual tomb dating to between the 5th and 6th century seems to hold the remains of two lovers , one of whom may have been killed so the pair could lie together for eternity. here , the bones of the two people can be seen on
this dramatic footage shows a climber as he scales a sheer 60ft rock face in the cairngorms. julian lines was filmed edging towards the top of the cliff - without any equipment to stop him plummeting into the freezing water below. the 42-year-old , who has been solo climbing for almost 30 years , is seen grappling to find handholds and footholds as he edges towards the summit. scroll down for video. sheer : julian lines , pictured in red , was filmed completing the climb in the cairngorm , scotland , using just his hands and feet for support. edging towards the top : mr lines was captured grappling to find footholds and handholds in the sheer rock face as he scaled the cliff. do n't look
a recent survey has revealed that more than half of uk children do n't have any veg , and 44 per cent have no fruit on a daily basis. with childhood obesity on the rise in the uk , these new figures are incredibly alarming. for more than two decades , i 've been in the business of helping children get their daily fill of fruit and veg. so i wanted to share some of my feeding wisdom to help encourage healthier , happier children. it 's easy to become locked in a battle of wills when it comes to dishing up healthy , nutritious food. annabel karmel has shred her tips on how to make children love
irish jockey davy condon has been forced to retire from the saddle due to a spinal injury sustained in the grand national earlier this month. condon was riding portrait king in the grand national at aintree when he fell at the third-last , leaving him with a spinal concussion. it was the second time within a year that the rider suffered a similar injury. jockey davy condon suffered spinal concussion in a fall at aintree during the grand national this month. condon had resigned himself to the fact he would be out of action for a lengthy period of time but after
it is a conversation that will be familiar to couples across the country. what one spouse thinks is a ` discussion ' , the other understands they are being over-ruled. in a joint interview with his high flying lawyer wife miriam gonzalez durantez , nick clegg revealed the balance of power lies where many long suspected : with her. after the last election , mr clegg was given the option of moving his family into a grace-and-favour government mansion - but the move was vetoed by his wife. after controversies over david cameron 's large country kitchen and ed miliband 's
in the search for meaning and importance , the fa cup might have found its saviour. enter liverpool and brendan rodgers , a club and manager not just popping into the party to say a polite hello and a quick goodbye. tonight , against blackburn at ewood park , rodgers faces one of those defining moments in a season that has not lacked them. his only hope must be that this time it does n't go so horribly wrong. so far it has been a theme of the campaign that when the need was greatest , so too have been the disappointments. he loaded for duck on a bear hunt in the champions league against
a little boy has undergone more than 50 operations to have his entire face painstakingly rebuilt. billy mitchell , now seven , was born with apert syndrome , a rare condition which left him with malformations of the skull , face , hands and feet. he endured a series of major operations to correct the deformities -- which included a procedure to crack open and reshape his skull and another to rebuild his features. he also had a titanium frame drilled into his head , which was left there for nine weeks. billy mitchell , seven , was born with apert syndrome , a rare genetic condition which causes malformations. the surgeries carried risks including meningitis , brain damage ,
for talented youth team strikers fighting for their big break in the game , goals really are the best currency to convert into those precious first-team minutes. and after extraordinary seasons in which they have both smashed the 35-goal mark , chelsea 's teenage strike duo tammy abraham and dominic solanke are certainly flush at the moment. the two 17-year-olds are in the form of their young lives , enhancing their reputations every time they find the net and boosting their chances of jose mourinho handing them some game time once the premier league title has been secured. tammy abraham scores for
-lrb- cnn -rrb- it is a city transformed , swollen in size but shrunken in scope , anxiously awaiting what comes next. on kabul 's streets , you can easily find the uneasy legacy of america 's longest war. outside one mosque -- mixing with other men desperate for a day 's worth of casual manual labor -- are five men who months ago had one valuable skill nato depended upon : they speak english. now however , their world has turned upon them. they were , each for a different reason -- each for a reason they do not understand -- all fired from their jobs and then
with his arm around his little sister , both of them looking out at the blue water , it 's an image that shows the unbreakable bond between a brother and sister. it is also an image that makes the fatal crash on a rain-soaked road all the more tragic - the devoted siblings died within hours of each other. piper kulk , 8 , on the right of the family snap caption ` our babies ' , died on sunday morning , hours after the accident on the nsw central coast , when the car being driven by their grandmother , helen boddy , 54 , aqua-planed and
move over grumpy cat - the latest sourpuss to become an internet sensation is scowling feline pompous albert. the grey cat with tufty hair and a permanent frown , from salt lake city , has already racked up a remarkable 44.1 k followers on instagram. albert , who 's a selkirk rex cat , was also named after his famous lookalike - albert einstein , thanks to his wild locks , which are a trademark of his breed. scroll down for video. albert is from salt lake city and is a constant source of entertainment to his 44.1 k instagram followers. albert is named after famous
a formerly obese man has revealed how he finally became motivated to lose 160lbs from his 354lbs frame over the course of 20 months , after nearly a lifetime of emotional eating and self-loathing. atlanta-based writer alex gray , 27 , admitted that he once made excuses for his gluttonous habits , which included trips to drive-through restaurants up to four times a day , but it was n't until an obese friend ` unveiled a shockingly svelte silhouette ' that he was inspired to make changes in his own life. ` there are a lot of platitudes about weight , ' he wrote in an essay for salon. ` one of them is that you should love yourself no matter your size.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- with help from some filmmakers , 102-year-old alice barker went back in time. barker was a dancer in such new york nightspots as the cotton club and the cafe zanzibar in the 1930s and 1940s , part of chorus lines that entertained alongside notables including bill `` bojangles '' robinson and frank sinatra. there were motion pictures made
a young woman who thought she was doing her grocery alone made a surprising discovery after finding a mildly venomous snake curled up in her shopping trolley. the unnamed woman , from the sunshine coast , found an empty trolley in an underground car park at the supermarket giant coles in caboolture , north of brisbane on wednesday. she pushed the trolley up the escalator to do her shopping before realising the slithering brown tree snake had curled itself in the corner and was hitching a ride to the store. sunshine coast snake catchers 24/7 richie gilbert was called to remove the snake and release it back into the bushland just kilometres away. a young woman
chris christie appeared on the tonight show wednesday evening , and wasted no time calling on jimmy fallon for the weight jokes made about him on the program. after fallon told governor christie he ` looked great , ' the new jersey politician asked him ; ` if i look great , what the hell 's with all the jokes every night ? ' then , to make amends , fallon gave christie his favorite food - ice cream. scroll down for video. chris christie appeared on the tonight show -lrb- above -rrb- and called out jimmy fallon for his weight jokes about the governor. fallon however pulled out two spoons thinking the men could share the ice cream , at which point christie
-lrb- cnn -rrb- tickets will go on sale after an agreement on allocation was reached for the may 2 fight between floyd mayweather and manny pacquiao. in what pacquiao 's promoter , bob arum , dubbed the `` fight of the century , '' disagreements have hampered the release of the tickets because of questions over how many tickets would be allocated to each fighter for the highly-anticipated las vegas event. `` there was a craze for tickets and under our agreement with mayweather promotions , we felt we were being deprived of our fair share of the tickets -lrb- from -rrb- the standpoint of number and location , '' arum
clint hill reckons the pressure is on qpr 's relegation rivals and insists rangers can survive if they keep their cool. chris ramsey 's side are still in the relegation zone but the defender believes other teams will be worried about them. hill scored his first barclays premier league goal in tuesday 's 3-3 draw at aston villa , a result which denied qpr the chance to climb out of the bottom three. clint hill celebrates after scoring qpr 's second goal in tuesday night 's thrilling 3-3 draw at aston villa. hill 's header levelled the scores at 2-2 on tuesday. qpr would lead again before being pegged back. rangers remain
at 12 , she became the youngest player to appear in the u.s women 's open. now 20 , lexi thompson can boast six professional championships and most recently , a provocative magazine cover. the lpga player , who has career earnings of almost $ 3million , will appear topless on the front of the may edition of golf digest - using only a towel to cover her torso. professional golfer lexi thompson , 20 , will appear on the front of may 's edition of golf digest. she appeared in the women 's u.s. open when she was just 12. at the time
there 's nothing like a romantic proposal to warm the heart - especially when it is on a mountain peak in hawaii , an exotic sandy beach or beneath the eiffel tower. now you can live these most romantic of moments vicariously online as loved-up couples around the world share their intimate proposal moment via the website howheasked.com and instagram account howheasked. alongside the thousands of pictures are the couples ' touching proposal stories. loved-up couples around the world are sharing the intimate moment they got engaged via instagram account howheasked. one parisian proposal was captured by a photographer secretly hired by the gallant groom-to-be. at the top of a tough hiking trail in
this is the terrifying moment a gigantic tornado sweeps past a hapless motorist in illinois , who films it from his truck. the driver , sam smith , begins filming with the tornado just a few hundred yards in front of him. it 's an apocalyptic sight - and mr smith feels trapped , because he ca n't make out which direction it 's moving in so does n't know how to escape. this is the terrifying moment a gigantic tornado swept past a hapless motorist in illinois , who filmed it from his truck. the driver , sam smith , begins filming with the tornado
hanging on one 93-year-old man 's wall at a kentucky nursing home was a photo collage of him and his wife. it was titled ` lill & bill , together forever '. that sentiment came true this week when , after 73 years of marriage , william ` wild bill ' wilson and his wife lillian karr wilson died just two minutes apart from each other. both lillian , 89 , and bill were alzheimer 's patients and for the last couple of years had to live in separate nursing homes. lillian resided at richmond place in lexington , while bill stayed at the thomson-hood veterans center in wilmore. after 73 years of marriage , high school
the sister of a bride-to-be who has been missing for three days says the 26-year-old is ` so in love ' with her fiance and could not possibly have cold feet. stephanie scott , an english and drama teacher , was last seen at her workplace leeton high school in leeton , 550km west of sydney , at 11am on easter sunday. at 12.59 pm on sunday afternoon she sent an email from the school to a bus company arranging transport for guests for her upcoming wedding this saturday. that was her last known activity. ms scott 's parents plan to hire a helicopter to join the desperate search for their daughter , as they fear her disappearance has something to do with `
a woman who has undergone 15 separate brain operations has slammed whole pantry founder belle gibson after falling for her fake cancer survival story. ashton taylor , 21 , from perth , who was diagnosed with a severe brain condition called dural arteriovenous fistula in july 2013 , said not even an apology from gibson would cut it for her. her comments follow the admission from the lying health guru and wellness blogger that she had made up her story about having brain cancer. ` how dare you stand up on national television and say you 've changed your lifestyle and survived a brain tumour ? '
-lrb- cnn -rrb- the boy who asked a church to help him find a forever parent finally has one. desperate for a home in 2013 , davion navar henry only dressed up in a suit and borrowed a bible from the boys home where he lived. then he headed to a st. petersburg , florida , church to make a plea for his own adoption. now 16 years old , he had lived his entire life in foster care , bouncing from one home to another. the older he got , the less likely it was that he would be adopted. but the
sunderland will not suspend adam johnson after he was charged with grooming and three counts of sexual activity with a 15-year-old girl. the club 's hierarchy have decided that the 27-year-old should be allowed to continue playing for the black cats until the outcome of his case has been decided. a club statement on friday morning read : ` following yesterday 's statement from durham constabulary , the club recognises that the formal legal process must take its course and whilst our position remains unchanged , we will keep the matter under review. ` the club will not be making any further comment. ' adam
denim designer bettina liano has revealed that she can not afford to pay the australian taxation office the almost $ 130,000 she owes in taxes. ` they 're chasing me because i ca n't afford to pay them , the embattled jeans queen told daily mail australia. ' i wish there was something i could do , ' she added , ` i 'm really embarrassed. ' financial woes : denim queen bettina liano is reportedly being pursued for almost $ 130,000 by the australian tax office. ms liano is being pursued for $ 126,594 in taxes withheld between march and december 2012 , the daily telegraph reported on friday. the designer told dma that
most people would run away if they saw a pile of soil and rubble creeping towards them as if it had a life of its own. but one russian youtuber captured the terrifying moment a stream of soil flowed down a bank next to a main road , crushing trees in its powerful path and leaving toppled power lines in its wake. the eerie phenomenon is called an ` earthflow ' and is a rare type of landslide. a russian youtuber has captured the terrifying moment a stream of soil flowed down a bank next to a main road -lrb- pictured -rrb- , crushing trees in its powerful path and leaving toppled power lines in its wake. alexander giniyatullin kept a remarkably steady hand filming the scary scene in the kemerovo region of russia
a 27-year-old woman fell 500 feet to her death while hiking an off-limits trail famed for its breath-taking vistas in oahu , hawaii , friday. darlene feliciano , a manager at a honolulu walmart , was out on the makapuu ` tom-tom ' trail overlooking sea life park along kalanianaole highway with a male friend when she slipped and fell. firefighters received a distress call at around 12.45 pm friday. about 40 minutes later , first responders discovered feliciano unresponsive about 500 feet below a hole in the trail known locally as the puka - a popular spot among photographers. scroll down for video. nature lover : darlene feliciano
bumping into peter stringfellow in mothercare in palma just over a year ago was not such a big surprise , since we both have houses in majorca where i now live most of the year. however , it was a scene that would have amused anyone who had known us both , or had read about us in gossip columns , in our heyday in the eighties. there we were , two gentlemen in our 70s ; me , a former newspaper editor and peter a well-known businessman , with more than our fair share of silver hair. we were both
the family of a 24-year-old woman who died of a heroin overdose has penned a candid obituary openly discussing her struggle with drugs in a bid to prevent others from losing their lives. on april 16 , molly parks was found in the bathroom of the pizza restaurant where she worked in manchester , new hampshire with a needle still in her arm. when police turned up on her father 's door in saco , maine , he immediately knew they were there about molly. days later , he wrote an obituary announcing her death. ` she made a lot of bad decisions including experimenting with drugs , '
a gold trinket box presented to an officer famous for losing his leg at the battle of waterloo has sold for more than # 100,000. the 18-carat gold rectangular piece was a gift to lord uxbridge , whose stoic exchange with the duke of wellington after losing his leg to a cannonball has become etched in history. in a famous example of the british stiff upper lip , after realising he was gravely wounded uxbridge turned to the british military commander and said ` by god , sir , i 've lost my leg ' , to which wellington replied ` by god , sir , so you
england cricket star moeen ali has been named as an honorary ambassador for liverpool 's fan club in pakistan. the lifelong liverpool fan , 27 , who has been called up for england 's final two tests in the west indies , made the announcement on friday. he said : ` i 'm happy to announce i 'm the new brand ambassador of pak reds. i look forward to this association. you 'll never walk alone. ' moeen ali has been named as an ambassador for liverpool 's official fan club in pakistan. ali pictured with liverpool star raheem sterling at anfield in a picture posted on his twitter account. ali , a lifelong liverpool
a new antibody injection could ` wipe out advanced cancer ' by rooting out and obliterating tumours , scientists have revealed. the research has been hailed a ` tour de force ' , raising hopes the body 's immune system could be trained to attack melanoma , pancreatic , breast and lung cancer. the team at stanford university school of medicine believe the laboratory-engineered antibodies could eradicate not only primary tumours , but also distant metastases that have spread through the body. professor edgar engleman , senior author of the study , said : ` the potency is impressive. ` you actually see tumour eradication. ' a new study has suggested an antibody injection could ` wipe out cancer '
he has been a colossus of the game. he has made 700 professional club appearances and won 81 caps for england , six premier league titles , the fa cup and the champions league. in his pomp , he was the stuff of strikers ' nightmares , driving some of the world 's greatest goalscorers to distraction with lightning-sharp reactions and an instinctive reading of the game. that 's why it 's such a shame that what is likely to be rio ferdinand 's farewell year in the english game has fizzled out. rio ferdinand pictured in training at queens park rangers last week. the 36-year-old defender started regularly
it was a tall order for workman but they have successfully completed the latest tourist attraction in china expected to draw the crowds. the new ` skywalk ' observation deck has opened to the public in yunyang county , southwest china , and those with vertigo are advised to stay at home. the cantilevered platform in chongqing has a 720 degree view from a vantage point that stands nearly 4,000 feet above sea level. its incredible viewing area protrudes nearly 90ft from the cliff face at the longgang scenic area - which is more than 16ft longer than a similar tourist attraction at the grand canyon in america. daredevils will be able
ben flower does not believe he deserved the standing ovation which greeted his return from suspension on thursday night. as his wigan side beat warrington 30-20 , the wales forward made his first appearance since he punched st helens ' lance hohaia in the opening moments of last season 's grand final , earning a six-month ban. the 27-year-old , who came on as a substitute in the 23rd minute of thursday 's match , told the daily star sunday : ' i was surprised how calm i was , with everything going through my head about doing the right things. ben flower does not believe he deserved the standing
tokyo -lrb- cnn -rrb- on the 29th floor of roppongi hills , an upscale tokyo high-rise full of offices , restaurants and residences , two actors in kimonos sit on a tatami mat and glare at each other as artificial smoke billows around them. it 's been a long day of filming `` the crawler in the dark , '' a new sci-fi horror movie set in japan 's meiji era. this movie wo n't be released in theaters ; it 's going directly to youtube. the file sharing website is celebrating 10 years since the first 19-second video `` me at the zoo ,
a celtic treble is gone , but the recriminations , anger and sense of injustice will linger and fester for some time to come. cup defeats to inverness are rarely a tranquil affair. on a fateful night in glasgow 15 years ago the highlanders inflicted the first of their damaging , deeply defeats on scotland 's champions. they 've made a habit of it down the years. yet in a re-enactment of the night caley went ballistic their players celebrated david raven 's late , extra-time strike by sliding joyously on their fronts before a small , delirious support. david raven -lrb- second
an alberta student who 'd accidentally left his headlights on all day was greeted by what may have been the world 's friendliest note from a stranger when he returned to his car. but derek murray , a university of alberta law student , found more than just the note that cold november day in edmonton -- he also found an extension cord and battery charger left by the stranger to bring his dead acura back to life. now that murray 's life-affirming tale has now gone viral , he says ` it just shows you how such a pure act of kindness from one person can just spread through everyone and help
hillary clinton is laughing in the face of the accepted retirement age - currently 65 both in the uk and the us - by aiming to become the leader of the free world just months before her 70th birthday. if the former u.s. secretary of state reaches her goal and is sworn in as the 44th president of the united states in january 2017 , then she will not only be the country 's first female president but also the second oldest , behind ronald reagan , ever to open the doors to the white house. clinton certainly seems to be relishing the life experience that her advancing years have given her. age is nothing but a number : hillary clinton who has launched her campaign to be us president -lrb- pictured above , speaking at the women in
-lrb- cnn -rrb- it sounds like the plot for a science fiction movie. someone has a horrific accident and winds up in the hospital , brain dead and on life support. doctors approach the family about organ donation , but instead of saving as many as eight lives , the family is asked to donate the whole body to save just one individual. perhaps a quadriplegic with a mind that outmatches their malfunctioning body. as crazy as this sounds , to put an entire head on a new body , a human body , italian physician dr. sergio canavero says we are approaching heaven -lrb- an acronym for head anastomosis venture ; anastomosis is surgically connecting two
a volleyball-playing feline was picked to star in a national tv advert after seeing off competition from thousands of gifted animals. tortoiseshell mimi became an internet sensation after her owner uploaded clips of her playing the sport to facebook. the 30-second-video was shared by thousands of people around the world and features the one-year-old cat playing with 15-year-old joshua teague. joshua 's dad phil , 56 , a computer programmer , bought the cat with his wife christine , 45 , when she was eight-weeks-old in december 2013 from a seller who lived in birmingham. mimi was picked to star in the tv advert , which was broadcast
they are caught between their bodies and their church - but have managed to walk a line between the two. these three mormons , all from utah , have realized that they are transgender - a designation not officially recognized by the church of latter day saints. indeed , church doctrine states that anybody who takes their transgender identity to the extent of gender reassignment surgery can not be baptized - and could face discipline from church elders if they are already a member of the religion. however , in the case of annabel jensen , grayson moore and sara jade woodhouse ,
-lrb- cnn -rrb- as the model for norman rockwell 's `` rosie the riveter , '' mary doyle keefe became the symbol of american women working on the home front during world war ii. the 92-year-old died this week at her home in simsbury , connecticut. as a 19-year-old telephone operator , keefe posed for the famous painting that would become the cover of the saturday evening post on may 29 , 1943. although she was petite , keefe was transformed into the iconic -- and burly -- embodiment of the character by rockwell. `` other than the red hair and my face , norman rockwell embellished rosie 's body ,
just like humans learning to talk , puppies can sometimes take a while to learn to bark. at least , that seemed to be the case for one young shibu inu , who caused hilarity with a somewhat chatty display at an american kennel club centre. the pup was filmed squeaking and squawking after meeting a young husky dog and attempting to bark at its new companion. captured on video , the puppies are held in the air by their respective handlers and one of the dogs makes a high-pitched whining sound. opening its mouth , the shibu inu then begins vocalising with a yappy bark before the husky -- leaning back
former secretary of state hillary rodham clinton got her budding presidential campaign 's first targeted question about the deadly 2012 benghazi terror attacks on tuesday night , and her answer was the sound of one hand clapping. the bash-the-rich candidate flew first class from boston to washington , d.c. after wrapping up a two-day new hampshire campaign trip. daily mail online was on the flight. ` mrs. clinton , when are you going to start talking to the press about benghazi ? ' daily mail online asked her in the washington reagan national airport terminal. ` did you make mistakes ? ' the usually
israeli prime minister benjamin netanyahu has slammed the iran nuclear deal , claiming it threatens the jewish state and puts his people in mortal danger. after speaking to president barack obama on the phone , he said in a televised statement just hours after the agreement was signed on thursday : ' a deal based on this framework would threaten the survival of israel. he added : ` such a deal would not block iran 's path to the bomb. it would pave it. ' scroll down for video. israeli prime minister benjamin netanyahu slammed the iran nuclear deal , claiming it threatens the jewish state and puts his
the title race may be over in the minds of some , but joe hart is irrepressibly optimistic. of course , he is paid to believe but there is some logic to his positivity when you consider how manchester city won the league in 2012 and 2014 with late dramatic runs. ` it 's kind of how we do it , ' said hart , when asked about city 's need to overcome a nine-point deficit. ` we like to do it a different way. we 've not necessarily reached the standard week-in , week-out that we wanted to , but the beauty
a new york man who became known as the ` cannibal cop ' wants to give the public a taste of what 's really going on inside his mind. in the hbo documentary thought crimes which premiered on thursday at tribeca film festival , valle talks about his 2012 arrest and the claims that allegedly plotted to kidnap , torture , and eat his wife and other women online. for those hungry to learn about valle and his stomach-churning fantasies , the film will also be shown on hbo in may. scroll down for video. thought crimes : in the hbo documentary thought crimes ` cannibal cop '
flames leaping and acrid smoke billowing into the sky , a huge fire rips through bone dry heathland near the south coast. in scenes resembling a disaster movie , the inferno laid waste to a picturesque area the size of 100 football pitches. it came after days of storms lashed britain , with trees felled and roads shut. but the 70 hectare area of dorset was tinderbox dry as much of it is on a hillside and water had run off down the slope. fire investigators have confirmed the fire was started deliberately and three separate areas of heath - measuring half a hectare , one hectare and 70 hectares - were destroyed. more than 80 firefighters spent six hours tackling flames
-lrb- the hollywood reporter -rrb- `` the rocky horror picture show '' is the latest musical getting the small-screen treatment. fox is developing a two-hour remake of the 1975 cult classic to be directed , executive-produced and choreographed by kenneth ortega -lrb- `` high school musical '' -rrb-. the project , tentatively titled `` the rocky horror picture show event , '' is casting-contingent. the special will be filmed in advance and not air live , but few details beyond that are known. in addition to ortega , gail berman and lou adler , who produced the original film , are also attached as executive producers. the special will be
vijay chokal-ingam claims that he posed as a black man while he applied to medical schools in 1998 because he believed he had a better chance of gaining acceptance. the older brother of comedienne mindy kaling has controversially claimed he was only accepted into medical school in the late 1990s because he posed as a black man. writing on his blog , almost black , vijay chokal-ingam says that he felt he had to change his appearance to get into the st. louis university school of medicine and heavily attacks affirmative action policies in the united states. ' i was determined
-lrb- cnn -rrb- anyone who has given birth -- or been an observer of the event -- knows how arduous it can be. but to do it live on the internet ? with two hooves sticking out for several minutes in the midst of labor ? luckily , katie -- a giraffe at the dallas zoo -- is a champ. in an hour-long labor captured by 10 cameras and streamed live by animal planet , katie gave birth to a not-so-little baby -lrb- about 6 feet tall -rrb- early friday evening. there was no immediate word on the newborn 's gender or condition. but there were good signs , as seen on the live stream and dallas zoo 's twitter feed --
four koalas travelling to singapore have been given a quick taste of qantas ' business class services and it was equipped with fresh eucalyptus leaves. paddle , pellita , chan and idalia have been sent from australia as a gift to mark singapore 's 50th anniversary of independence. the furry friends were photographed chomping on some leaves and being served some refreshments before departing on their big journey on monday. qantas have released photos of koalas in business class being served refreshments and eucalyptus leaves. the four koalas are being gifted to singapore to mark their 50th anniversary of independence. julie bishop announced this gift on thursday and even got up close and personal with the cuddly creatures. while not actually travelling among the elite , the animals are
lausanne , switzerland -lrb- cnn -rrb- a roller-coaster series of talks wrapped up thursday in lausanne as a group of world powers known as the p5 +1 reached a framework agreement with iran over the country 's nuclear program. the success of that agreement remains to be seen. the parties have until the end to june to work out the details and put the plan to paper. but the talks this week were , nevertheless , historic , particularly for the otherwise frozen u.s.-iranian relationship. but that 's not to say they were glamorous. in fact , the negotiations this week provided a modern demonstration of diplomacy at its best , but also at its most
what would you get if one of the queen 's corgis ran off with one of sir ranulph fiennes 's siberian huskies and had a puppy ? a corgski , of course , just like max. at just 18.5 in from foot to shoulder , this diminutive fellow looks as if he was the runt of his litter. he is , in fact , a fully grown husky-corgi cross. but , unbelievably , max has been abandoned and he 's looking for a home. he 's become a favourite with workers at the dogs trust in basildon , essex , who have been looking after him since he
taylor swift and rumored boyfriend calvin harris spotted together after watching the band haim perform at troubadour club in west hollywood. were a record company to write a job description for the next big thing in popular music , certain attributes would surely be high on the list. foremost among them , one suspects , would be a decent singing voice , the ability to dance and that elusive brand of charisma which draws crowds of infatuated fans. none of which calvin harris possesses. not that he will be the slightest bit concerned about it. because he has plenty of reasons for self-confidence. seventy million of them , in fact.
a war hero pilot who survived almost 70 skirmishes with the luftwaffe has died after being knocked down by a hit-and-run driver near his home. doug gregory , 92 , had popped out for his daily newspaper when he was struck by a car outside a petrol station. the ex-spitfire pilot suffered a serious head injury and was flown to hospital by air ambulance , but died two weeks later. a hero : doug gregory. 92 , only retired from his job as a stunt pilot two years ago. he was awarded the distinguished flying cross after surviving almost 70 missions over nazi-occupied europe. fighter pilot : the 92-year-old had survived 70 missions against the luftwaffe
a 25-year-old man has been charged with murdering his five-month-old daughter. tomas driukas was arrested after paramedics were called to his home in birmingham in the early hours of wednesday morning. his daughter was taken to birmingham children 's hospital with breathing difficulties. the infant , who is believed to be a twin , died later that day after suffering ` several injuries ' , police said. tomas driukas was arrested after paramedics were called to his home in birmingham in the early hours of wednesday morning. above , driukas with a baby who is not his dead daughter. the 22-year-old mother , identified by neighbours as renata braskyte
a german man who had his penis enlarged with silicone injections claims it now weighs half a stone. micha stunz , has a 9 inch-long , 3.5 inch penis that now weighs between 7.5 -- 9.5 lbs , between 3 and 4.3 kg , he says. ` i ca n't say exactly how much it weighs , i just know that my kitchen scale , which shows up to 6.6 lb , has n't been enough for a while , ' he told vice.com. mr stunz , 45 , who lives in berlin , said he had his penis permanently enlarged in this way , not because it makes him feel more beautiful , but because it
a best man left guests at his brother 's wedding in tears after composing an emotional song to use as his best man 's speech. melbourne singer daniel buccheri , who composed the tune to the popular music from artists such as sam smith and the backstreet boys , toasted his brother adrian and his new wife sarah at their march 29 wedding in using his voice. the unique speech performed by daniel at poet 's lane in sherbrooke , east of melbourne , has been viewed over 100,000 times online and included tributes to his brother and his bride and also delves into his childhood and says he always looked up to his older sibling. melbourne singer daniel buccheri -lrb- pictured -rrb- left guests at his brother 's wedding in tears after composing an emotional song to
london welsh have announced a contract extension for their former england international back olly barkley. the 33-year-old joined the exiles last year , having previously played for bath , gloucester , racing metro , grenoble and the scarlets. he won 23 test caps , the last of which was against new zealand in 2008. olly barkley has extended his stay at london welsh after signing a new contract at the relegated-club. welsh are set to return to the championship next season after finishing bottom of the aviva premiership. ` it has not been an easy year , but i am committed to seeing my journey with london welsh through , ' barkley said. ' i am really looking forward to working with our new team and the reinvigorated coaching regime , which is
ben affleck today finally admitted the name of the slave ancestor he had censored from his past. the oscar-winning actor posted on social media that a ` benjamin cole ' of georgia , an ancestor on his mother 's side , was the relative dropped from the pbs show about his family history. the admission came the day after he apologized for lobbying for the removal of the truth about his family past from finding your roots. writing on his personal account he said : ` lots of people have been asking who the guy was. his name was benjamin cole - lived
a family pooch received an interesting make-over when it came back from the groomers looking less like a domesticated pet and more like a wild cat. the dog named stains had its coat trimmed to resemble a lion when its owners sent it to the groomers. according to the dog 's owner , stains is a sheep-herding breed and his thick coat , which is best suited for colder climates , had become uncomfortable in the recent sunshine. the dog 's owner looks down and laughs while filming his pet stains , but initially it is hard to see why. it was at this point that its owner decided that what the dog really needed was a new look and opted to have
george osborne has revealed he is secretly addicted to hit bbc series poldark -- and confessed to a crush on its female lead character demelza. the chancellor claimed the ` one hour ' a week he had allowed himself off each week during the election campaign was to watch the programme , starring aidan turner and eleanor tomlinson. he vowed to maintain tax relief on big tv productions which have encouraged the makers of poldark and other series to choose the uk. scroll down for video. mr osborne admitted that he was secretly addicted to hit bbc series poldark , starring aidan turner. the chancellor said the television show was a ` fantastic advert for britain ' and particularly
president barack obama took a break from being the real president on april fools ' day to impersonate a fictional one , house of cards ' conniving frank underwood. ` hello everybody. this is not frank underwood , ' the president said after turning his head underwood , who is played by oscar-winning actor kevin spacey and frequently speaks shakespearean-style monologues to the audience. ` this is barack obama. happy april fools ' day. frank learned it from me , ' he said. scroll down for video. president barack obama impersonated house of cards 's fictional president frank underwood by dipping into a southern drawl. obama attempted to copy the deep voice and south carolina accent
-lrb- cnn -rrb- yemeni officials said saudi airstrikes targeting a military base on tuesday hit a nearby school , injuring at least a half dozen students. the information came from two officials with the governor 's office in ibb province , where the school is located , as well as houthi sources from the rebel group that is fighting for control of the country. a third source , with the education ministry in ibb , said three students had been killed at the al bastain school in maitam , in southwestern yemen , as a result of an airstrike. the officials from ibb 's governor
charity runners taking part in a 10km fun run at the weekend were left exhausted after being sent on an unscheduled two-mile detour. the blunder was believed to have been caused by a race marshal taking a toilet break during the event , missing 300 runners who should have been directed at a junction point. instead they continued past the unmanned marshall point and had to run for an extra three kilometres while the other 900 competitors followed the correct route. scroll down for video. blunder : charity runners taking part in yesterday 's bournemouth bay 10k run -lrb- pictured -rrb- were left exhausted after being sent on an unscheduled two-mile detour. the bizarre gaffe happened during yesterday 's bournemouth bay run and
the new zealand family of fourteen who last month walked out of a remote christian commune that shuns the outside world are adjusting well to life in the wider community , a relative said , with the father accepting a farm job and the family moving into a home with modern appliances. james and hope ben canaan last month declared they were living in a ` false system ' and left the gloriavale christian community , located at lake haupiri on new zealand 's west coast , with their twelve children and few worldly possessions. founded by the australian-born evangelical preacher neville cooper - now known by the name hopeful christian - gloriavale is home to around 500
it is the image which the tories hope will scare floating voters into their arms -- the prospect of nicola sturgeon forcing ed miliband to implement her radical policies. launching a new poster campaign showing ms sturgeon manipulating a puppet labour leader , conservative chairman grant shapps said : ` the only way that ed miliband might crawl through the gates of no10 now is if he 's carried there by the snp. ` nicola sturgeon would pull the strings and demand weaker defences , more spending and unaffordable welfare handouts. it would be a disaster. ' scroll down for video. new poster : it is the image which the tories hope will scare floating voters into their arms -- the prospect of nicola sturgeon forcing ed miliband
jane tipper had been walking her dog molly when the eight-year-old chased a lamb over a cliff. a border terrier miraculously survived a 250ft fall after chasing a spring lamb off the edge of a cliff before spending three days stranded on a remote beach. dog molly had been on a walk with owner jane tipper and her daughter hannah in eype , dorset , last week when the she fell over the cliff 's edge along with the lamb. molly survived a vertical drop of 100ft then rolled 150ft down a steep slope and coming to rest in gorse near the bottom. her distraught owners managed to see that the eight-year-old
-lrb- cnn -rrb- can a prayer for diamonds actually turn up a gem ? when you 're exploring the fields at crater of diamonds state park in murfreesboro , arkansas , the odds are higher than usual. `` are you going to bless me and let me find a diamond today ? '' that was susie clark 's prayer on april 23 , according to the state park service. soon after , clark , who is from evening shade , arkansas , saw a 3.69-carat white , teardrop-shaped diamond in the plowed field. inspired by her prayer , clark named it the hallelujah diamond. she plans to keep it. the diamond , which is the largest found at the park so far this year , is about the size of a pinto
the obama administration stepped up its lobbying campaign on capitol hill today to try to persuade lawmakers not to pass any legislation that could hamper prospects for negotiating a final deal with iran to curb its nuclear program. administration officials as high up the rung as the president himself last week made calls to more than 130 federal lawmakers , urging them to support the deal secretary of state john kerry negotiated with iran , and , at the very least , not to meddle in foreign affairs. the president 's spokesman said a two-week break in congressional activity has meant ` that we have not been able to have as many face-to-face conversations as we would like - but that 's going to change today. ' with the newly returned lawmakers scheduled to tomorrow take the first in a series of votes setting the perimeters for a deal , the white house said administration officials
this is the transgender man who is poised to grace the cover of men 's health magazine. aydian ethan dowling has around 40,000 votes to win the publication 's annual ultimate guy search - 30,000 more than his closest competitor. he would follow iraq war veteran and amputee noah galloway , who clinched the top spot last year. the competition aims to find a man ` who possesses all of the qualities that make up today 's well-rounded , active , health-conscious and thoughtful guy '. scroll down for video. cover star ? aydian dowling is the transgender man widely touted to
sao paulo , brazil -lrb- cnn -rrb- brazilian supermodel gisele bundchen sashayed down the catwalk at sao paulo fashion week on wednesday night in an emotional farewell to the runway. bundchen announced over the weekend that she would be retiring from the catwalk , though not the fashion industry. the 34-year-old , who is married to new england patriots quarterback tom brady and has two children , has said she wants to spend more time with her family. on wednesday night , brady had a front-row seat at what was hailed as a historic moment in brazil 's fashion world. bundchen wrote about her fashion career
the real-life margo leadbetter has backed the prime minister to deliver the good life to britain. sheila elkan , who lives in the house that featured as the leadbetters ' home in the classic 1970s tv series , backed david cameron today after he launched his ` good life ' manifesto. the 84-year-old great-grandmother-of-five has resided at the home in hillingdon , north-west london , since 1986. the good life : sheila elkan -lrb- left -rrb- , 84 , who lives in the house that featured as the home of margo leadbetter -lrb- right , played by penelope keith -rrb- in the classic 1970s tv series , backed david cameron today. her comments come after mr cameron promised he would help deliver ` the greatest sunshine ' of a job ,
a washington teen who strapped fake explosives around his body in a stunt to ask a date to the prom has been suspended from school. the five-day suspension for ibrahim ahmad will prevent him from attending la center high 's dance saturday. ahmad says he was trying to go all out with his prom proposal and questions whether the decision to suspend him was based on his ethnicity. ` it was really unfair , and it kind of felt racist , ' ahmad said. the 18-year-old senior wore a vest filled with paper-tube props made to look like explosives. scroll down
a family have claimed the body of an infant who was discovered deceased and buried on a sydney beach last year , in order to give her a proper funeral. on november 30 , 2014 , two young boys were playing on maroubra beach when they uncovered the body of a baby girl buried under 30 centimetres of sand. now locals filomena d'alessandro and bill green have claimed the infant 's body in order to provide her with a fitting farewell. ` we 're local and my husband is a police officer and he 's worked with many of the officers investigating it , ' ms d'alessandro told daily mail australia. scroll down for video. a sydney family have
a tree dedicated to the memory of michael brown has been destroyed by vandals just hours after being planted. the sapling was planted in january-wabash park in ferguson , missouri on saturday as a dedication to the teenager , who was gunned down in the street by a police officer last august. it was called ' a symbol of peace , comfort and hope for all who gather around its branches ' at a small ceremony led by the black caucus of the american library association , which donated the tree. but by sunday morning , the branches had been stripped , leaving behind just a shard of the trunk. scroll down for video. before : the black caucus of the american library association donated the tree
first this dog helped do the dishes , now he 's been trained to use the toilet - and even puts the lid down once he 's finished. baron the german shepherd was captured in a video using the toilet after he began learning the impressive skill a few weeks ago. in the footage , the five-month-old pup enters the bathroom and lifts up the toilet seat. he then climbs up balancing his paws on the raised seat cover as he holds himself up and hovers over the toilet while relieving himself. once he 's finished , he puts down both
fa cup semi-finalists reading still have lingering relegation worries in the championship after they threw away a 1-0 lead to draw 1-1 with cardiff at the madejski stadium. reading took the lead with only four minutes gone when pavel pogrebnyak got a touch to garath mccleary 's nod-down to divert the ball past cardiff goalkeeper david marshall. but they allowed a mediocre cardiff side to snatch a point in the 90th minute when conor mcaleny rifled in a shot from aron gunnarsson 's precise pass. cardiff 's conor mcaleny -lrb- left -rrb- celebrates after scoring a late equaliser against reading. reading : federici , gunter , pearce , hector
it might not sound very romantic. but ditching the idea that we should we should marry for life could help many of us have happier relationships , according to a marriage therapist. a fixed-term starter marriage , in which couples sign a renewable contract - known as a ` wedlease ' - would work better for many couples , argues susan pease gadoua. a relationship expert has suggested that a renewable marriage contract known as a ` wedlease ' would work better for many modern day couples and avoid increasing divorces. in her new book , the new i do , which was co-written with vicki larson , she claims that the traditional marriage model in our modern-day culture ` sets up too many people
like super-models , they follow a strict daily diet -- in their case , three carrots , an apple and a few cabbage leaves -- to keep in shape for their public appearances. over recent months , they have been feted across the globe and pampered wherever they go. one is even going to have a song written about his life. but when i meet darius -- the biggest rabbit on earth -- and his similarly sized son , there is little evidence of diva behaviour. former playboy model annette edwards holds her world record continental giant rabbit darius aloft. five-year-old darius is 4ft long and weighs just under 3st -- the king of the continental giant breed. he is
dramatic dashcam footage has captured the moment a south carolina police officer dragged a woman away from the edge of a bridge after threatening to jump. deputy michael hubbard from the spartanburg county sheriff 's office is seen approaching the woman sitting on overpass on the i-26 on monday. when the officer asks what she is doing , she turns to him and says : ` just looking for my way out and being at peace. ' dashcam footage shows a patrol car stopping in spartanburg , south carolina , after they spotted a woman sitting on the overpass. hubbard then puts his arms around her and then pulls her away from the drop. she struggles and
-lrb- cnn -rrb- han and chewie are back. an espn reporter went on a regrettable rant. and we all taxed our brains trying to deduce the date of cheryl 's damn birthday. here are pop culture 's most talked-about stories of the week. producers of `` star wars : the force awakens '' unveiled a nearly two-minute trailer for the upcoming movie , arriving in december. when harrison ford shows up with chewbacca at the end , you can almost hear the internet 's collective squeals. a logic problem from a singapore math test somehow spread across the web , leaving millions trying to figure
tehran , iran -lrb- cnn -rrb- there is a persian proverb that says : `` a good year is determined by its spring. '' for many iranians , the historic decision by tehran and six world powers -- the united states , britain , france , germany , russia and china -- to continue nuclear negotiations under a `` joint comprehensive plan of action '' is an indication that this year 's norouz , the persian new year that started on march 21 , will be a superb one indeed. although edgy hardliners may now try to play games and complain the preliminary agreement is not what they had hoped , for many people it shows excellent progress and that 's what they want. it paves the
in her working life , she has covered terrorist attacks , murders and explosions. but nothing , it seems , has been a greater challenge for samantha simmonds than a car journey with her three children. the sky newsreader has revealed how an easter holiday outing with her family saw ` blood and saliva flying ' between her boisterous sons in the backseat -- and ended with her six-year-old having a tooth knocked out. butter would n't melt ! samantha simmonds and husband phillip davies with their children , two , four and six. in a searingly honest account that plenty of exhausted
jose mourinho has revealed that he felt like he was british when andy murray won wimbledon two years ago. the chelsea manager also described sw19 as ` more than a grand slam ' due to its traditions and aura. ` the wimbledon that i really felt was andy murray 's victory because it was very special for him , ' said mourinho as he was given a tour of sw19 as part of a new deal between jaguar and the all england lawn tennis club. chelsea manager jose mourinho poses for pictures on wimbledon 's famous centre court. mourinho was given a tour of wimbledon by former british no 1
letting the scottish nationalists dictate the direction of the uk government would be like getting king herod to ` run a baby farm ' , boris johnson warned today in an escalation of tory attacks on the snp. the tory london mayor warned against allowing nicola sturgeon 's snp to dominate the government of the uk , ` an entity that they are sworn to destroy '. he likened it to ` asking a fox to look after the henhouse or a temperance campaigner to run a brewery '. tory london mayor boris johnson warned against allowing nicola sturgeon 's snp to dominate the government of the uk ` an entity that they are sworn to destroy ' ms sturgeon launched her snp manifesto today , boasting that she
it is perhaps the most iconic ship of all time , but the closest most people will get to the titanic is a visit to the museum in belfast , or a viewing of the leonardo dicaprio and kate winslet blockbuster. not so for those with endless funds. one company is offering the chance to dive 12,500 ft below the surface of the sea to explore the ship at the bottom of the atlantic. the tour takes in sights like the famous grand staircase , the ship 's huge anchors and the marconi room , from which the world 's very first sos was broadcast. the once-in-a-lifetime privilege is being offered by luxury concierge service , bluefish , and does not come cheap , setting you back a
bereaved families say the report is being dragged out so figures like tony blair can rebut its findings. the families of britain 's iraq war dead expressed their disgust last night after learning the long-awaited official report into the conflict may be delayed yet again. publication of sir john chilcot 's inquiry , which began in 2009 and has cost the taxpayer almost # 10million , had already been pushed back until after the election. yesterday it emerged it is unlikely to be published until next year at the earliest. bereaved parents said they were disgusted that their suffering was being dragged out to give leading
when it comes to yoghurt lids there are typically three types of people : the ` licker ' , the ` spooner ' who scrapes the remaining yoghurt back into the pot , and the ` waster ' who throws it away. but a new kind of lid will unite these groups. called toyal lotus , the technology is inspired by the water-repellent nature of a lotus leaf and uses microscopic bumps to stop liquids from sticking. scroll down for video. the toyal lotus technology -lrb- right -rrb- stops yoghurt from sticking to lids of pots -lrb- left -rrb-. german maker toyo aluminium 's technology won silver place in the 2013 du pont awards for packaging innovation and the firm has teamed up with
cycling anywhere with a toddler in tow means having to leave the buggy at home. and any parent who has tried this will know how tiring it can be when you then have to carry your child around once you arrive at your destination. a swedish firm is hoping to make getting around with a young child easier - and save your aching arms - by introducing the bike seat that doubles up as a stroller. påhoj -lrb- pictured -rrb- was designed by swedish designer lycke von schantz. it has a ` lightweight chassis ' and is 3.2 ft -lrb- 1 metre -rrb- tall. the product will launch on kickstarter next week but prices are not yet
a once in a lifetime shot , they said , but it appears charlie adam has done it before. the stoke midfielder has been the talk of football this easter weekend after his incredible 66-yard goal against chelsea. adam 's sweetly struck left-footed strike gave goalkeeper thibaut courtois absolutely no chance. scroll down to watch video of charlie adam scoring from the halfway line in 2009. charlie adam picks the ball up inside his own half during a reserve match against accrington stanley. adam knocks the ball out in front of him before spotting the goalkeeper of his line and shooting. the stanley keeper tries desperately to stop the ball as it sails towards
illicit operation : chiropractor gertrude pitkanen would sell newborn babies to adoptive parents for as little as $ 100 in butte , montana. for as little as $ 100 , chiropractor gertrude pitkanen took babies from their mother 's arms seconds after they were born and handed them to their adoptive parents. as the infants were driven to their new homes , the families were sometimes forced to throw their afterbirth out of the window because they were removed so quickly. these transactions formed the basis of a lucrative , illicit market that started in butte , montana , in 1920s , and grew until pitkanen decided to stop in the 1950s. most of the
two goals within ninety seconds of each other was enough to spark an outbreak of fear and loathing rarely seen on this side of the mersey. after more than two years of inexorable decline the patience of tranmere 's faithful finally snapped when oxford moved decisively ahead , in an effortless manner reminiscent of the previous saturday 's boat race. the loathing was directed mainly at manager micky adams , who was announced on sunday morning to have left the club by ` mutual consent '. the tranmere players look down after the final whistle , as the prospect of relegation looms large. this is how it ends in football sometimes : standing in the dugout having a
we spent # 400 on a 1940s loo - it took us four months to find one ! claire nugent , 43 , and nigel morter , 47 , have been married for 14 years. they restored a 1940s airfield control tower in norfolk and now run it as a b&b. she says :. when nigel and i met as students in 1993 we soon discovered we both absolutely loved the 1940s. i had a beautiful mirror from the period that still hangs over our fireplace. we love the style because there 's such an attention to detail in everything from the handles through to the surfaces. when we moved
footage has surfaced of a quarrel between neighbours in a perth suburb that ended in a bloody confrontation with a crowbar. the clip , uploaded to facebook today , show an angry woman unleashing a racist tirade over her fence at a group of men who appear to be of african descent. the woman then appears in her neighbour 's front yard brandishing a metal crowbar , verbally abusing the men and swinging the weapon at them. the men then pick up their own weapons and a scuffle breaks out. the angry woman turns up in her neighbour 's front yard , verbally abusing the men and swinging a crowbar at him.
caller id as we know it could be getting a revamp. facebook has launched a new app called hello designed to give you more control over who can call you and how their details appear - even if their number is n't stored in your contacts book. it pulls in any publicly-shared data from a user 's facebook profile and lets you easily block unwanted callers. scroll down for video. facebook has launched a new app called hello -lrb- pictured -rrb- designed to give you more control over who can call you and how their details appear - even if their number is n't stored in your contacts book. it pulls in any publicly-shared data from a
-lrb- cnn -rrb- it 's time for liberals to look local. with washington gridlocked over almost everything and congressional republicans standing firm against any further expansion of domestic policy , the odds of congress passing another new deal or great society are minimal. it will take a lot of work by democratic voters and activists to change the numbers on capitol hill so that liberal ideas stand a chance of passing. yet at the state and local level , the story has been much different. liberal democrats have found more political space to move forward with their initiatives. in new york city , mayor bill de blasio has launched an
thinking about vacating the white house probably is n't president obama 's favorite thing to do , but it is n't his impending departure that stresses him the most - it 's the prospect of his eldest daughter leaving 1600 pennsylvania avenue and heading off to college that really gets him down. malia obama , 16 , is already visiting colleges in preparation for when she heads to school in the fall of 2016. she has n't even finished high school , but president obama said the thought of her heading off to college has him crying on a daily basis. empty nester : president obama said the thought of malia ,
she embraced him , thanked him , held his hand and forgave him. holocaust survivor eva kor had waited 70 years for a moment such as this -- and now , at last , she was face to face with a former ss man on trial for his alleged part in the slaughter at auschwitz. oskar groening looked startled at first , then smiled. he placed a kiss on her cheek and listened to the words of the 81-year-old woman who , with her twin sister , was once the subject of josef mengele 's monstrous human experiments. embrace : seventy years
-lrb- cnn -rrb- the cover-up is often worse than the crime. henry louis gates stands accused of scrubbing part of a segment in his pbs documentary series `` finding your roots '' because the actor ben affleck put pressure on him. affleck 's concern was that the segment would have aired his family 's dirty laundry , which includes a slaveholding ancestor , benjamin cole. affleck said , in a statement posted on facebook , that he `` did n't want any television show about my family to include a guy who owned slaves. i was embarrassed. '' and gates later explained that he subbed that part of the segment for another that made for more ``
ruby walsh appears to jump his horse over a moving car in the latest promotional advert for betting firm paddy power. the 22-second clip shows the two-time grand national winner galloping towards the speeding silver car and apparently jumping it as the bookmaker gears up for saturday 's big race at aintree. irish jockey walsh , who is riding ballycasey in the race , starts the clip by saying : ` this is how i 've been getting ready for this year 's grand national. ' the clip starts with champion jockey ruby walsh describing how he will prepare for the grand national. the two-time national jockey appears to then leap over the speeding car on his
ahead of this weekend 's premier league action , sportsmail will be providing you with all you need to know about every fixture , with team news , provisional squads , betting odds and opta stats. here is all the information you need for west brom 's home clash with qpr ... west bromwich albion vs queens park rangers -lrb- the hawthorns -rrb-. team news. west brom. west brom 's craig dawson is suspended for the visit of qpr after he was awarded the red card wrongly given to gareth mcauley against manchester city. defender mcauley was dismissed by referee neil swarbrick for a foul on wilfried bony which dawson committed and the red card was switched to dawson after
the alleged mastermind of the 2008 mumbai terror attack which left 166 dead has been released on bail , pakistani officials revealed. zakiur rehman lakhvi was allowed to leave adiala prison in rawalpindi late on thursday. his release was slammed with indians calling it an ` insult ' to the victims of the three-day onslaught , which was blamed on the banned pakistani militant group lashkar-e-taiba -lrb- let -rrb-. pakistani security personnel escort zakiur rehman lakhvi , the alleged mastermind of the 2008 mumbai attacks , as he leaves court after a hearing in islamabad on january 1. let 's charitable wing , jamaat-ud-dawa -lrb- jud -rrb- , confirmed lakhvi 's release. a
a football club chairman has warned of a new breed of hooliganism in the sport -- from retired grandfathers who are trying to relive their youth and encourage violence on match days. dave doggett , the boss of league two outfit cambridge united , believes groups of up to 10 men - aged in their 50s and 60s - are trying to relive the 1980s by arranging fights with rivals prior to games. he said violence at matches has increased recently as the older men return to watching their team play in their retirement and fears there is a danger that they will try to encourage younger fans to join their ` gangs '. scroll down for video. dave doggett ,
there were scenes of jubilation in the dutch city of dordrecht today , as flag-waving locals turned out to welcome king willem-alexander and his glamorous wife maxima today. the visit , which kicked off with a pageant aboard a flotilla of boats on the local canal , was part of willem-alexander 's 48th birthday celebrations. koningsdag - or king 's day - is a public holiday in the netherlands and is traditionally marked with a royal procession either in the capital amsterdam or in one of the country 's major cities. happy family : the dutch royals celebrated king willem-alexander 's birthday in dordrecht. warm welcome : the
boston -lrb- cnn -rrb- dzhokhar tsarnaev 's bombs tore through their bodies : singeing flesh , shattering bones , shredding muscles and severing limbs. but on tuesday , jurors also began to hear about the holes his bombs left in the hearts of the survivors and the families of the dead. now that he has been found guilty on every count , the jury must decide whether boston marathon bomber tsarnaev , 21 , should live or die for what he has done. this is the victim impact part of the case , and the testimony was heartbreaking. four young people are gone , and grief fills the spaces they once occupied. a father
a terrifying image reveals the moment a ` highly skilled ' pilot spun out of control during an aerobatic display - right before the plane crashed in front of horrified spectators this afternoon. smoke billows from david jenkins ' single-engine edge 360 plane above old buckenham airfield near attleborough , norfolk. the man in his 50s tragically died when it crashed just 50 metres from a group of people who were at a press day for the air show. a friend who wished to stay anonymous said : ` he was the best bloke i knew. he was highly skilled and knew exactly what he was doing. ' mr jenkins
the next time pep guardiola feels the need to justify his continued presence in bavaria -- and that time will come -- he has some useful numbers to roll out. as of tuesday night , the most pertinent one available to him is 115. that is the number of goals guardiola 's bayern team have scored so far this season , a number plenty enough to take them in to the last four of the champions league , the semi-final of the german cup and to the cusp of successive bundesliga titles. it 's a funny game , football is n't it
noelle reno , socialite , reality tv star and former fiancee of businessman scot young , has broken her silence almost four months to the day since his death. she confirms she had split up with her partner of five years before he fell out of her fourth-floor flat window in london 's marylebone on to the railings below. in a move bound to spark further controversy she also labels his death a ` suicide ' , pre-empting any coroner 's verdict. socialite noelle reno , who is the former fiancee of businessman scot young who fell 60ft from his west
a chinese entrepreneur has quit his well-paid day job to revive the dying art of chinese sword making. jia huaijin , 33 , now hand-makes swords in rural china that sell for up to # 22,000 each -- nearly 18 times the monthly salary of chinese president xi jinping or the average price for a 750-square-foot flat in shanghai. mr jia uses the 2,000-year-old technique to make the traditional swords , which are highly sought after by international collectors from as far as canada , reports the people 's daily online. warrior : mr huajin looks like he could have time travelled from
-lrb- cnn -rrb- president barack obama took part in a roundtable discussion this week on climate change , refocusing on the issue from a public health vantage point. after the event at washington 's howard university on tuesday , obama sat down with me for a one-on-one interview. i asked him about the science behind climate change and public health and the message he wants the average american to take away , as well as how enforceable his action plan is. here are five things i learned :. the president enrolled at occidental college in los angeles in 1979 -lrb- he transferred to columbia university
-lrb- cnn -rrb- the officer charged with murder in the shooting death of an unarmed black man in south carolina has been fired as anger continues to build around his case. a video shows officer michael slager , who is white , firing eight shots at 50-year-old walter scott as scott has his back to him and is running away. scott , who was unarmed , was struck five times. timeline of events. the fbi is investigating , and once again , a shooting involving police has sparked national outrage. `` i have watched the video , and i was sickened by what i saw , '' north charleston police chief eddie driggers
an obsessive arsenal fan made his girlfriend sit a test quizzing her about his favourite football club. marking her answers with red pen , she scored an impressive 43.5 out of 50 , to which he commented , ` well done saskia ! as a result , i will not be dumping you ! -lrb- lucky you -rrb- '. saskia posted snaps of the test to her twitter account , @saskiaisabxlla , commenting ` boyfriend made me take an @arsenal exam ! ' with emoticons showing she did n't know whether to laugh or cry. we do n't blame her. saskia 's
janet faal , who has suffered from agoraphobia for a decade , fell down an uncovered manhole. an agoraphobic grandmother who conquered her fear of open spaces and left home for the third time in 10 years only to fall down a manhole. janet faal , 57 , was out with a friend in crawley , west sussex , as part of her rehabilitation when she moved a wooden pallet to help them reverse and plunged down into the open gap. she now has two black eyes and a suspected fractured leg after smashing her face on the pallet and was left in a ` splits ' position as only one of her legs went down the hole when she slipped. the grandmother-of-four said : ' i was with a friend helping
-lrb- cnn -rrb- most kids want to go out and play when they finish their homework early. but zuriel oduwole is n't `` most kids. '' when she gets ahead of her work , she packs her camera and microphones , jumps on a plane and interviews presidents instead. born in california to a nigerian father and a mauritian mother , oduwole is often described as `` the world 's youngest filmmaker. '' aged 12 , she already has four documentaries under her belt -- all of which focus on african issues. it all started three years ago when oduwole decided to enter a school documentary-making competition with a film about the ghana revolution. jerry john rawlings -lrb- ghana -rrb-. john kufour -lrb-
salads in british supermarkets are being grown by workers treated like ` slaves ' who live in filthy conditions , an investigation has found. migrant workers producing vegetables exported to britain say they are denied basic hygiene facilities while working and are forced to use bushes near where the vegetables are being grown as toilets. they are not provided with soap or water to wash their hands , while some live in filthy shacks made of wood and plastic sheeting near the fields in southern spain. they claim they are treated like slaves by agencies who hire them to produce the salads and vegetables that end up on supermarket shelves in britain , the investigation by channel
the battle of the batteries is hotting up. reports claim google is the latest firm to set up a team dedicated to boosting how long our phones , tablets and even electric cars can run for. and sources said the four-man team spends its days devising and testing different technologies from the flexible to the wearable. reports claim google is the latest firm to set up a team dedicated to boosting how long our phones , tablets and even electric cars -lrb- pictured -rrb- can run for. sources told the wall street journal that the four-man team spends its days devising and testing
can rickie lambert sue for restraint of trade ? brendan rodgers has killed off lambert 's career and you 've got to feel sorry for the player. you ca n't blame him for joining liverpool -- why would he turn that down ? at the time he was a confident striker -- playing regularly in the premier league and scoring goals for southampton. he 'd just been to a world cup. rickie lambert has scarcely been given a chance since joining liverpool despite their striking problems. brendan rodgers ' decision to ignore lambert , in favour of mario balotelli , is completely illogical. this time last year lambert was about to play at a world cup
arsenal are the form team in europe at present , winning 10 games out of their last 11 , including seven in a row. their recent success can probably be explained by a number of reasons. players have returned from injury at the right time , olivier giroud ca n't stop scoring , hector bellerin and francis coquelin have emerged , while arsene wenger seems to have found his drive once again. but could there be something else ? with the gunners preparing for the premier league trip to burnley on saturday , one of their partners europcar have revealed how some of the first-team stars motivate
an iditarod sled dog who escaped from handlers in anchorage has been found safe after being on the run for a month. alaskan husky , sarabi , was returned to a friend of the musher laura allaway , on monday night who will be reunited with the animal on april 28 when she returns from traveling. the three-year-old dog was spotted on april 15 near glenn highway and then again last friday near reverend tim carrick 's united protestant presbyterian church before being caught on monday night , according to ktuu. carrick and his family set up a cage trap in the woods between the church and his home , and used four bowls of
at last , some good news for sunderland and newcastle united -- apparently form goes out of the window in a derby. now is n't that a relief ? on sunday afternoon , both sets of supporters will have the chance to suspend the depressing reality of their current plight. over the course of their last six matches -- 12 in total -- the pair have amassed a not-so-mighty six points. during that same period -- 18 hours of football , no less -- they have scored four times between them , conceding 22 along the way. it is little wonder they have billed this one ` the
from kittens for sale to handymen for hire , the majority of ads posted in newsagents ' windows are practical ones. but for one lonely heart , it proved the perfect alternative to internet dating after a man , known only as john , used it to advertise for someone special. in the post , which has gone viral after being photographed and put online , the man sets out his requirements and offers ' a way of life with quality '. ` john ' who is reportedly a builder posted this advert in his local newsagents , it has since gone viral after it was
ian bell rescued england from a nightmare start with a century in the first test against west indies that was pay back time for being dropped during his last caribbean series. after his classy 143 had steered england to 341 for five , after they had been 34 for three , bell said that thoughts of him losing his place in 2009 was a big motivating factor. bell said : ` it 's been at the back of my mind for some time that i got dropped the last time i was here for a test series. so i wanted to make
when 18-year-old jackson byrnes was told he had only weeks to live , only one surgeon in australia was willing to perform the surgery that would either save his life , leave him paralysed or worse. incredibly , the teenager has woken up from having his catastrophic brain tumour removed with the ability to move his body , thank his surgeon and even to ask his relieved mother for food. ` it 's such a relief , it 's just amazing. jackson is a fighter ! ' his mother rhonda told daily mail australia. his elated family are ` over the moon ' that the surgery was
flanked by johnny russell and will hughes , eric steele jigged over to the travelling derby supporters - the popular goalkeeping coach was in the mood to celebrate. after a first win in eight , they are back in this consuming promotion race and that six-week wobble is no longer. steele lapped up the adulation , entertaining 4,000 behind one goal of the dw stadium at which the rams wrapped up three crucial points. this felt very important indeed , the outpouring of each olé obvious. derby 's players celebrate after chris martin 's goal gave them the lead in the second half. steve mcclaren was all
british taekwondo fighter aaron cook has confirmed he plans to compete for moldova at the 2016 olympics in rio. dorset-born cook , 24 , who was overlooked for the great britain taekwondo squad at london 2012 , applied for citizenship after receiving funding from moldovan billionaire igor iuzefovici and has now received his passport from the small eastern european state. ' i will soon begin a new journey representing the republic of moldova at all international competitions and hopefully the rio olympic games and beyond , should i qualify , ' cook wrote on his facebook page. three time european champion aaron cook -lrb- right -rrb- has refused to fight for great britain since may 2012. the british taekwondo star
take it away : raymond allen , who opened the first kfc franchise , said he thinks the restaurant is ` dreadful ' and wo n't eat there again. the businessman who brought kfc to the uk but has only ever eaten it once , says he will not go again and branded the fast-food chain ` dreadful. ' raymond allen - who is only a handful of people in the world to know its secret recipe - opened the first franchise in preston , lancashire , in 1965. he had become a personal friend of harland ` the colonel ' sanders after meeting during a conference in chicago 50 years ago. mr allen still has a personal hand-written copy of the
a poll of 2,000 britons found that 68 per cent had hurt themselves doing odd jobs or decorating. but many admit they know where they are going wrong. if you are thinking of attempting some diy this weekend watch out -- nearly seven in ten of us end up injured. a poll of 2,000 britons found that 68 per cent said they or their partner had hurt themselves doing odd jobs or decorating. two in five had injured their back , one in five had cut themselves and one in ten had suffered side effects from inhaling chemical fumes. a careless one in 30 suffered
a water main break in new york city caused evening commute hysteria wednesday as a surge of brown water poured into a west village subway tunnel sending travelers scrambling for cover and a different route home. the 12-inch water main broke around 6:45 pm at 13th street and seventh avenue in manhattan , reports cbs new york , shutting down three train lines in both directions. as crews scrambled to stem the flow and get to the bottom of the leak , unamused new yorkers whipped out cell phones to capture the rare sight of an underground deluge on video. deluge : a water main break sent
there 's always that one friend who with the swirl of a wine glass will leave you in awe of their sophisticated wine skills. yet unless you grew up on a vineyard or had a wise wino whisper the secrets of their connoisseuring ways , it 's likely you do n't know the distinct differences between a cabernet sauvignon and a merlot and tend to swallow more than you spit it out at a wine tasting. dr alex russell , a sydney-based university lecturer who has worked in the wine retail industry for over 10 years -lrb- with a claim to fame selling the last $ 26,000 bottle of glenfiddich in the world -rrb- and
the good samaritan who pulled a driver from an suv hanging dangerously on the edge of a cliff spoke out for the first time on thursday to describe the rescue that was captured in a heart-stopping photo. jason warnock , 29 , was driving wednesday morning in lewiston , idaho when he saw debris near the road and looked up to see a vehicle crashed into a chain-link fence on the edge of a cliff. he then parked his car , ran up a pedestrian footbridge and pulled driver matthew sitko , 23 , out to safety. warnock chatted with sitko
lyon returned to the top of the ligue 1 table after securing a 2-2 draw from a topsy-turvy rhone valley derby match against saint-etienne at the stade de gerland on sunday night. clinton n'jie handed the hosts the lead midway through the first half before lindsay rose saw red for hubert fournier 's high flyers and max gradel converted from the spot to level matters. romain hamouma put st-etienne ahead on the brink of half-time but the home side pressed for a result and christophe jallet equalised to clinch a point that sends his side to the summit. lyon 's clinton n'jie -lrb- left -rrb- gave his side the lead over
forget sober black and charcoal grey. pink is the new colour of choice for high-achieving women in the world of politics and showbusiness and the style is now spreading to the high street. those championing pink include christine lagarde , the first female chief executive of the international monetary fund , and plaid cymru 's leanne wood , who chose a bright shade of the colour for her live election debate last thursday. the pair are among a host of powerful women reaching for different shades of pink , according to the sunday times newspaper. scroll down for video. christine lagarde , the first female chief executive of the international monetary fund
the end-of-season awards will go to the best attacker but if there was a defender of the year , john terry would clean up. nobody else would get close. this has been his best season in a chelsea shirt. two seasons ago rafa benitez said he could n't cope with two games a week. that will have frightened the life out of john. so credit jose mourinho for trusting him and building that defence around him. terry has never had pace but that is not a problem as he reads the game so well. he did n't break sweat against arsenal and chelsea were too streetwise for arsene wenger 's team. john
a man has been pressured into resigning from his role as a women 's officer at a university student union after public pressure and an online petition demanded that he step down from the position. james ritchie was voted into the job at the tasmanian university union with a clear majority over a female candidate more than three weeks ago. despite his qualifications for the role and no gender specified in the job description , the reaction to a male being offered the position caused huge opposition which left mr ritchie feeling that the negativity impacted on him being able to do the job to the best of his ability. james ritchie was forced to resign from his role as women 's officer for
to celebrate the 10th birthday of the football league awards , a team celebrating the best players from below england 's top tier during that decade has been put together , including a host of stars. the world 's most expensive footballer and real madrid star gareth bale heads the list of those who have spent time in anywhere between the second and fourth tier of english football. he is joined by seven current barclays premier league players as well as three outfielders and a manager still plugging away in the football league. here 's the team in full :. goalkeeper. kasper schmeichel -lrb- darlington , bury , cardiff city , coventry city , notts county
passengers of an icelandair flight to denver on tuesday were left in a bit of shock after their plane was struck by lightning shortly after takeoff. though the boeing 757 continued its 3,700-mile journey from reykjavik , iceland , to denver , it was n't until the plane landed that passengers and crew were aware of a gaping hole in the nose of the plane. the hole was at a point in the plane where weather radars are housed , but the plane landed safely in denver and no one was injured. it is unknown how many people were on board. a plane was struck by lightning shortly after takeoff during a flight from reykjavik
she has a reputation for being a ` pushy parent ' and with some newly acquired dance moves under her belt , she might have been expected to muscle in. but it emerged yesterday that when andy murray and his new bride had their first dance on saturday night , judy murray was strictly on the sidelines. the former star of strictly come dancing -- who frequently failed to impress the judges with her efforts -- left the newlyweds to it as they took to the floor at their reception in cromlix house hotel , following their wedding at dunblane cathedral in the afternoon. scroll down for video. love match :
an artist with a surreal take on the natural world uses photoshop to create whimsical , mind-bending pictures that would give salvador dali a run for his money. anil saxena , from mumbai , uses ingenious retouching to create pictures of anything from a woman hanging a zebra 's stripes on the line to dry to a pair of hands knitting a green field. he prides himself on his digital manipulation techniques , saying : ` if the image is a success but my work goes unnoticed , i 'm doing my job well. ' a woman in a colourful sari hangs up a zebra 's stripes on a washing line. the photographer who has a background
anti-semitic attacks surged worldwide by 38 per cent last year , with the highest number of incidents occurring in france , an annual study has revealed. the report , by tel aviv university 's kantor center for the study of contemporary european jewry , said 766 violent anti-semitic acts were carried out around the world last year - marking a huge increase from the previous year. arson , vandalism and direct threats against jews , synagogues and other jewish institutions were included in the figure , making 2014 the worst year for such attacks since 2009. the study said : ` the overall feeling among many jewish people is one of living in an intensifying anti-jewish environment that has become not only insulting and threatening , but outright dangerous. in particular , it cited ` alarming reports especially from western europe and north america '. anger in western europe
it 's the fight that the world has been waiting for almost six years. floyd mayweather and manny pacquiao are just days away from stepping into the ring for what promises to be a monumental clash. billed as the fight of the century , the mgm grand bout in las vegas has engaged fans inside and out of the sport of boxing. and those devoted to the upcoming bout will be pleased to know they can immerse themselves in the fight further. boxing fans will be able to buy commemorative jewellery ahead of floyd mayweather vs manny pacquiao. mayweather -lrb- left -rrb- will put his undefeated professional career on the line against pacquaio
a nursing assistant stuffed a wet wipe into 96-year-old phyllis hadlow 's -lrb- pictured -rrb- mouth to silence the dementia patient 's screams. a hospital nursing assistant stuffed a wet wipe into a 96-year-old woman 's mouth to stop her screaming. deborah roberts , 53 , forced the tissue into phyllis hadlow 's mouth in an attempt to silence her in front of other nursing staff at kent and canterbury hospital. she also poured water over the dementia patient , telling other staff : ` my son said if they do it to you , you can do it to them. ' a court heard how roberts , 53 , mistreated mrs hadlow when the elderly widow was being treated
ian joll was missing presumed dead after he was forced to crash land his plane on a dutch beach , but survived the incident to make it home to gravesend. when mabel joll opened the front door to see her son ian she fainted , believing she must have seen a ghost. ten minutes earlier mrs joll had received a telegram telling her that her son , squadron leader joll , was ` missing believed killed ' after he crash-landed his plane on a dutch beach during a strafing attack on a german aircraft in 1940. however sq ldr joll had survived the crash and after trekking miles along a beach and persuading a ship to take him back to england , he had dropped in on his parents to say hello. his incredible story
it is a common fear , known as trypanophobia. for around 20 per cent of the population , the thought of going to the doctors for an injection invokes a deep-rooted sense of dread. many avoid the doctor 's surgery altogether , leaving themselves open to the risk of various illnesses and infections. but for those terrified of needles , a team of scientists at rice university in houston , may have the answer. they have developed a new device , comfortably numb , to ease the pain of an injection. their invention numbs the skin prior to the jab by producing a rapid chemical reaction to cool the patient 's skin. scroll down for video. comfortably numb is a new , single-use device that eases the pain of an injection by producing a rapid chemical reaction to cool the patient 's skin within 60 seconds. three first year students , -lrb- from l-r -rrb- mechanical engineer mike hua , bioengineer andy zhang
-lrb- cnn -rrb- fifteen buffalo were shot and killed on friday after a day on the loose in upstate new york. the chase , which took farmers and police officers from five jurisdictions through forests and over the hudson river , ended with `` snipers '' from the animals ' farm gunning down the buffalo from the side of the road , according to lt. thomas heffernan of the bethlehem police department. `` it was turning into the wild , wild , west , '' albany county sheriff craig apple told reporters on friday. `` it was time to put an end to it. '' heffernan described the hectic last moments of the chase :. `` they were setting up a perimeter
when you 're in good touch , it just takes a moment. nathan redmond had only been on the pitch for six minutes when he made the decisive intervention in this tightly-fought encounter , but what a crucial one it could prove to be. steven whittaker , with sharp eyes and precise feet , played redmond in down the right touchline , the ball hugging the white line as it went forward. redmond 's natural acceleration saw him spectacularly outpace joe bennett and his low cross was fired high into the net by bradley johnson at the back post. bradley johnson celebrates after firing home a second-half winner at the amex stadium. the norwich goalscorer showed
they say age is just a number , but to a few select celebrities , it feels like that number has n't changed in years. stars like kate hudson , pharrell williams and gwen stefani have all seemingly discovered the fountain of youth , showing little to no signs of ageing over the past decade and while many have resorted to plastic surgery , these a-listers are still sporting glowing taut skin without going under the knife. here , femail rounds up the celebrities whose faces have n't changed for at least 10 years. scroll down for video. 14 years difference : actress kate hudson when she was 22 years old in 2001 -lrb- left -rrb- and now at 36 -lrb- right -rrb-. kate hudson. although a huge 14 years
-lrb- cnn -rrb- greenpeace activists have climbed aboard a shell oil rig to protest the company 's plans to drill in the arctic near alaska. the six protesters used ropes and harnesses monday to scale the huge platform in the pacific ocean , tweeting images of their daunting climb as they went. `` we made it ! we 're on shell 's platform. and we 're not alone , '' wrote aliyah field , an american activist taking part in the protest. `` everyone can help turn this into a platform for people power ! '' the rig , the polar pioneer , is on its way to the arctic via seattle. the environmental activists caught up with it about 750 miles northwest
jen psaki thought the offer to be president barack obama 's communications director would n't last long. she figured white house chief of staff denis mcdonough had n't heard she 's expecting a baby girl in july. ` my immediate instinct in my head was to tell him i 'm pregnant and this will be the end of this. he 'll tell me good luck and be very kind about it and i 'll be on my merry way , ' said psaki , who was serving as chief spokeswoman at the state department. instead mcdonough - and later obama himself - assured psaki they would accommodate her needs as a new mom amid the west wing 's nonstop demands. she started in the post wednesday and is one of two pregnant women serving as assistant to the president -- a first for such a top level adviser in obama 's presidency and
an armenian expat who shows australians how to cook a ` real barbecue ' has become an internet sensation after his daughter posted his hilarious video online. yervand garginian , a 60-year-old bus driver from south croydon in melbourne , filmed himself cooking chicken on an open charcoal barbecue using a traditional ` khorovats ' recipe at a recent family gathering. in the video mr garginian , who moved to australia from armenia in 1977 , dismisses the australian-style barbecue of cooking ` oily ' sausages. his daughter elizabeth garginian , 24 , posted the video to reddit and it has since been viewed more than five million times
it appears nowadays that it is not an official holiday until you 've uploaded your pictures to instagram with the intention of letting all those at home know how incredible your time away is. from the food you ate for dinner , to the bags you lovingly packed for the plane , every detail of our ` luxurious ' travels can be documented for social media feeds. however sometimes we are guilty of not showing the entire story , and the truth can paint a whole other picture. scroll down for video. instagram : the wondrous great wall of china -lrb- pictured without visitors -rrb- weaves its way through the rolling countryside. reality :
millions travel to witness the spectacular grand canyon every year , but few know that this arizona landscape is home to a secret tribe , hidden away in its depths. more than 600 people are part of the havasupai tribe , which is the smallest indian nation in america. visitors can reach the mysterious tribe on foot or by helicopter or mule , and experience life in the village of supai , which has a cafe , general stores , a lodge , post office , school , lds chapel , and a small christian church. scroll down for video. in addition to a church the village of supai has a cafe , general stores , a lodge , post office
-lrb- cnn -rrb- former australia cricket captain and legendary broadcaster richie benaud has died at the age of 84. benaud , whose witty one-liners from the commentary box resonated far beyond australia 's shores , said last year he was being treated for skin cancer. `` after don bradman , there has been no australian player more famous than richie benaud , '' cricket australia said on its website. `` benaud stood at the top of the game throughout his rich life , first as a record-breaking leg-spinner and captain , and then as cricket 's most famous -- and most impersonated -- broadcaster. '' a veteran of 64 test matches , benaud was inducted into the sport australia hall of fame in 1985. while many regarded his voice as the soundtrack to an australian summer , benaud was equally revered by the cricketing public
a texas mother who was intent on getting back stolen pieces of her husband 's truck set up a sting and met with the suspected criminal without realizing the alleged crook was packing heat. cristina coria , a stay-at-home mom with a nine-month old child , helped police nab the 18-year-old suspect and get back the bed of her husband 's custom-painted blue 2003 chevy stepside. in order to make it happen , the houston resident got a little help from facebook. scroll down for video. cristina coria used facebook and her wits to help police nab a man accused of stealing her husband 's truck. coria arranged to meet the
-lrb- cnn -rrb- deion sanders is such a dad. the nfl legend called out deion sanders jr. on twitter for saying he only eats `` hood doughnuts. '' in response , the elder sanders -- in front of his 912,000 followers -- reminded his son he has a trust fund , a condo and his own clothing line called `` well off. '' `` you 're a huxtable with a million $ trust fund. stop the hood stuff ! '' sanders followed it up with another tweet that included the hashtags #versacesheets #huxtable and #trustfund. junior is a wide receiver at southern methodist university , an
he 's jumped from the eiffel tower and through a waterfall in the swiss alps. but this wing-suit pilot , dubbed the flying dagger , has described the world 's tallest volcanic stack just off the coast of australia as ` the single most beautiful place i have ever been '. jeb corliss jumped over the 562m high ball 's pyramid near lord howe island , in the tasman sea between australia and new zealand , documenting his flight over the stunning site. scroll down for video. us-born jeb corliss jumped over the 562m high ball 's pyramid at lord howe island , just off the australian coast. ball 's pyramid
ambulance bosses are routinely making a 21,500-mile round trip to australia to hire paramedics on # 4,500 ` golden hello ' payments because it is far cheaper than training them in britain. managers from the london ambulance service , the largest in the nhs , have just filled 225 vacant posts with applicants from sydney and melbourne. they were recruited on the back of a series of practical demonstrations on dummies , a written exam and an interview that lasted in all between four and six hours. ambulance bosses are routinely making a 21,500-mile round trip to australia to hire paramedics on # 4,500 ` golden hello ' payments.
germany 's angelique kerber came from a set down to outmuscle caroline wozniacki 3-6 , 6-1 , 7-5 on sunday and win the stuttgart grand prix for her second title of the season. kerber , ranked 14th in the world , completed a memorable week where she beat top seed maria sharapova and sixth seed ekaterina makarova in previous rounds. ' i am completely done here , empty. i gave everything i had and the crowd just carried me , ' she said in a courtside interview. ' i had to fight until the very end and i could not have done it without this
pablo mandado and ilze zebolde have no plans , no agenda , no cause to fight for and they are certainly in no hurry -- the couple simply has a dream to ` discover different parts of this planet a pedal at a time. ' and , after quitting their restaurant jobs in manchester , the intrepid cyclists are doing it as cheaply as they possibly can. spanish pablo , 27 , and latvian ilze , 31 , who met in riga in 2011 , are off to a flying start as they approach their first year of their open-ended odyssey on the road. in 356 days so far they 've covered almost 7,000
freckly-faced carrot tops once mocked for their distinctive hair are flourishing into flame-haired sex symbols as the redhead takes the celebrity world by storm. from hollywood starlets and musical sex symbols to a certain member of the royal family , according to copper-locked actor damian lewis , his hair colour is having a moment on screens both big and small. whether their rouge colouring is au naturel or straight out of a packet , we 're loving the fiery-haired stars flying the flag for gingers everywhere. scroll down for video. ` this might be a unique moment in recent history : redheads everywhere are doing well , ' said damian lewis. the wolf hall star told the sunday times magazine : ` the redhead stock is very high at the moment. `
it seems a late-night dinner at a fancy restaurant or a bouquet of flowers was not enough to make up for what this person had done. but one desperate man has forked out nearly $ 4000 for a written message in the sky in an attempt to seek forgiveness. brisbane locals were left scratching their heads after the mysterious message ` i 'm sorry ' followed by a love heart and two crosses for kisses was splashed across the city 's clear blue sky on monday afternoon. the aerial apology hovered above the cbd at about 1pm , prompting several people to jump onto social media to question and voice their theories about
it 's the worst storm to hit the nsw coast in a decade , but what everyone in the region wants to know is why no warning was given that it was going to be this bad. climate specialist don white from weatherwatch australia confirmed that severe weather warnings were issued by the bureau of meteorology on sunday. however , although they knew it would occur somewhere around the southeast coast , they did not know exactly where. ` the storm was forecast to form between port macquarie and newcastle - that 's as about as accurate as they could have predicted.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- the latest outbreak of bird flu -- the worst in the u.s. since the 1980s -- is not a likely threat to humans , reports the centers for disease control and prevention. but as with any potential threat to human health , they are preparing for the worst just in case. the cdc and the united states department of agriculture held a press conference wednesday to talk about preparations. `` the risk to humans is low , our food supply is safe , '' said dr. john clifford , the usda 's chief veterinary officer. `` we know how to address disease when we find it. '' since mid-december , 16 states have seen bird flu turn up in commercial poultry , backyard chickens , and in flocks
wing 's chinese restaurant is in manchester city centre , and attracts a certain type of clientele. the restaurant 's owner -- mr wing himself -- is never afraid to push for as much publicity as possible , and is often snapped in the photographs with the city 's celebrities at his five-star venue. wing 's has been ` recommended in the mitchelin guide for the past eight years ' , according to their website , but how else does it lure manchester 's footballers and stars back time and time again like moths to a flame ? here 's all you need to know about wing 's restaurant.
target : groups of men and women were asked whether they would kill a young hitler -lrb- pictured above aged 25 -rrb- to prevent wwii. it is a classic question of morality - if you could travel back in time and prevent the second world war by killing a young hitler , would you ? you could hypothetically save millions of lives - but at the cost of personally murdering someone who had yet to do anything wrong. the answer , according to a recent scientific study , has a lot to do with your gender ; and women are far more reluctant
an oregon lawmaker proposed legislation monday creating uniform standards for hand dryers in public restrooms. the bill says that the recent proliferation of powerful dryers is efficient , but can sometimes trigger ringing of in the ears , or cause discomfort for people with development or sensory disabilities. the measure would require all new or replacement dryers to operate at a noise level no louder than 84 decibels. according to the federal centers for disease control and prevention , that is about as loud as a school cafeteria. a measure proposed to the oregon legislature would require all new or replacement
a 26-year-old mexico native vanished without a trace in utah a week ago , and now elizabeth smart and her father have joined the effort to find the missing woman. elizabeth elena laguna salgado is from chiapas , mexico , and moved to provo about a month ago to study english. there is no evidence she was kidnapped , but she has n't made contact with anybody since she disappeared april 16 , provo police chief john king said. she usually talked with family in mexico every day , he said. where is elizabeth ? elizabeth elena laguna salgado , 26 , from chiapas , mexico
with the 2015 general election just over two weeks away , it 's natural to expect flyers , bumper stickers and perhaps even the odd car flag to pop up across the nation. however , you might be more surprised to see shot glasses emblazoned with david cameron 's face , ukip pendents and even party leader underwear appearing on shelves. this year 's election has bought with it a bizarre batch of merchandise in a bid to sway the nation. scroll down for video. david cameron is said to have watched bake off in the past which could explain these cake cases. many of
whether you sprout the odd grey hair , spend hours eradicating them or let your silver locks flow free , the latest hair trend is good news for women everywhere. grey hair is on trend with silver hair lovers the world over posting images on social media under the hashtag #grannyhair. instagram is awash with the grey haired images - from beauty shots featuring professional models to selfies uploaded by proud grey haired instagrammers. scroll down for video. katja wassermeyer -lrb- katja-wassermeyer-photographer. com -rrb- is one of the many photographers who has embraced the trend , with eye-catching beauty image of a model
john sutton jr has spent the first saturday of may the same way since he was 8 years old - on the sidelines of the kentucky derby. to commemorate his dedication to horse racing , churchill downs - the track that hosts the race every year - is inviting the 84-year-old man to attend his 76th-straight kentucky derby as their special guest on may 2. this week , sutton invited a reporter from wave 3 into the louisville home he shares with his wife of 61 years doris , where she spoke about his very first derby and showed off his impressive collection of racing
it 's a relationship that 's fascinated the public and come under intense media scrutiny for years. aaron taylor-johnson was just 19 when he met wife sam , then 42 , on the set of nowhere boy in 2009 in which he played the young john lennon and she directed him. six years , one marriage and two children later , the hollywood actor has revealed that he does n't even notice the age gap because of his mature nature - he is so grown up that friends of the couple call him benjamin button after brad pitt 's character in the
a lack of iron , especially in women , is known to trigger hair loss , possibly because it means less oxygen is delivered to the hair follicle , but should you take iron pills to treat it ? ` this is a bit of a moot point , ' says dr vicky jolliffe , a consultant dermatologist at the royal london hospital and a specialist in hair loss. ` there is published evidence for and against it. all i can say is that in my practice i see lots of girls with low ferritin levels -lsb- stored iron rather than iron in your blood -rsb- , who shed hair and stop shedding once you correct the ferritin level. ' meal : eating protein with every meal is vital to strong , healthy hair , as hair consists of
almost 20,000 years ago a woman was buried deep within a cave on the iberian peninsula , stained in sparkling red paint and adorned in yellow flowers. her grave provides the first evidence of an ancient magdalenian burial in the region and an engraved stone found near her remains appears to have been a makeshift tombstone. but the reasons why the female - dubbed ` the red lady of el mirón ' - was buried in such an elaborate tomb , close to an area where her peers would have lived day-to-day , continues to baffle archaeologists. the red lady 's remains -lrb- burial site pictured -rrb- were found in the
for most people , spotting a google street view car is an interesting , if uneventful , point in the day. but for nasr bitar , it was his time to shine. the college student spotted the car on the streets of mississauga , canada , last autumn and began following in his own vehicle. his plan ? to get the all important ` selfie ' - and make an appearance on the street view map. ` time to shine ' : nasr bitar saw taking the perfect selfie with google street view as a chance to ` shine ' tracked : it was the first time nasr had seen a street view car , and he
congratulations to australia for seeing sense and dropping the ridiculous policy of not selecting their best players if they are playing overseas. it leaves england looking old-fashioned and they need to react. stuart lancaster must be free to pick his best players , no matter where in the world they ply their trade. if roy hodgson 's star names moved to bayern munich or barcelona , would the fa tell him not to pick them ? absolutely not. the same needs to apply to rugby. matt giteau 's stellar displays for toulon have put him back on the wallabies radar ahead of the world
a 26-year-old woman has been arrested for ` facebook thugging ' after posting a photo of herself pointing a gun on the social networking site in response to other users ' ` misdirected threats '. kristin holmes allegedly uploaded the controversial image - in which she is seen beaming while holding the deadly weapon - after she was mistaken for another woman during a facebook feud. she captioned the photo : ` i 'll post a few actual pics of me so you know the difference when you `` come find me ''. ' she then ` exchanged words ' with the other users on the site , it is reported. illegal image : kristin holmes , 26 , has been arrested for ` facebook thugging ' after posting this photo of herself pointing a gun -lrb- pictured -rrb- on the social networking
-lrb- cnn -rrb- getting caught napping on the job is never good. getting caught napping on the job in the cargo hold of a plane takes it to a whole different level. alaska airlines flight 448 was just barely on its way to los angeles from seattle-tacoma international airport on monday afternoon when the pilot reported hearing unusual banging from the cargo hold. `` there could be a person in there so we 're going to come back around , '' he told air traffic control. the banging in the cargo hold did come from a person and he turned out
sam reese , a male model who recently appeared on channel 4 's first dates reality match-making show , has received death threats over his behaviour on the programme. the 22-year-old 's crime was to ask his date kathleen to split the bill with him rather than pick up the tab himself - an action which sparked a slew of furious responses on twitter. ' i could n't believe some of the reactions from people on twitter , ' he told the mirror. ' i had death threats , one person said that the next time i come out in manchester i 'm dead. ' sam reese , a male model who recently appeared on channel 4 's first dates show
paris saint-germain playmaker lucas moura has revealed he is ` obsessed ' with the way fellow south american lionel messi plays football. brazilians and argentines are known to be rivals when it comes to football , however moura has singled out messi for special praise ahead of his side 's champions league encounter against barcelona. moura , speaking to as , said : ` he has always been my idol. psg star lucas moura has lauded lionel messi ahead of his side 's champions league encounter. moura has singled out messi for special praise ahead of wednesday night 's match at parc des princes. ` for some time i 've been obsessed with his way of playing.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- this is the end. beautiful friend , the end. for the 1960s , the end arrived with -- depending on your ideals and your tribe -- either the rolling stones ' altamont fiasco in december 1969 , the kent state shootings in may 1970 or richard nixon 's 1972 re-election. for `` mad men , '' the `` end of an era , '' as its slogan has it , begins sunday. over the past eight years , the show about a 1960s advertising agency and its collision with changing times has become part of the national fabric , if never a huge ratings hit. stores have created fashion lines inspired by the show ; there have been `` mad men '' cocktails and `` mad
the broccoli chemical sulforaphane is known to block the inflammation and damage to cartilage associated with arthritis -lrb- file picture -rrb-. an artificial version of a compound in broccoli could hold the key to treating arthritis , say researchers. the broccoli chemical sulforaphane is known to block the inflammation and damage to cartilage associated with the condition. but patients would have to eat several pounds of the vegetable every day to derive any significant benefit. sulforaphane in its natural form is also too unstable to turn into a medicine. but uk drug company evgen pharma has developed a stable synthetic version of the chemical that offers the potential of a pill treatment. a single dose of the drug , known as sulforadex or
democratic presidential front-runner hillary clinton 's security detail led a handful of journalists on two lengthy high-speed chases to homes of influential democrats on monday. her lone official appearance on her first day in new hampshire was a carefully stage-managed small-business roundtable in keene. but a lunchtime visit to a main-street bakery and two more appointments later in the day were off-the-books and under the public 's radar. if police radar had been engaged , however , it would have clocked hillary 's signature black conversion van - ` scooby ' , for the uninitiated -- hitting 92 mph in a driving rainstorm on interstate 89 , where the top speed
adding a gritty edge to tuesday at mercedes benz fashion week australia , phoenix keating , alice mccall , zhivago and khim hangall embraced a raw , punk style on the catwalk. punk fashion took to the runway at sydney 's carriageworks , with stocking caps , fishnets , tattoos and leather harnesses reigning the catwalk. khim hang , 22 , displayed a bold collection with brooding models donning stocking caps and attire that could be likened to that of war soldiers. scroll down for video. karate kids : models go oriental with loose metallic pants , skorts and tied kimono
when andriy shevchenko netted the winning penalty to condemn juventus to defeat in the 2003 champions league final , they surely would not have envisaged it would take them this long to get back to europe 's top table. that penalty shootout followed a 0-0 draw which saw ac milan crowned european champions in the first all-italian final. now , after a long journey , juve are back among the continent 's elite. another goalless draw , this time against monaco on wednesday night , was more successful for turin 's old lady as they reached the champions league semi-finals with bayern munich , real madrid and barcelona on the horizon.
under pressure bayern munich manager pep guardiola has revealed that ` only the treble is enough ' for his team as they attempt to overturn their 3-1 deficit against porto in the champions league. bayern host the portuguese side on tuesday and guardiola is confident the bundesliga leaders will emerge victorious. ' i am completely convinced that my players will take their chances , ' guardiola said. ' i know which club i am at and know that -lrb- league -rrb- champions and cup winners is not enough. only the treble is enough. ' pep guardiola is targeting winning three trophies with
an innocent man who spent more than 30 years on death row for a murder he did n't commit has come face-to-face with the prosecutor who put him there. glenn ford , who was diagnosed with stage four lung cancer after his release last year , was too weak to stand when marty stroud walked into his louisiana home last week but shook his hand. ' i want you to know that i am very sorry , ' stroud said during the somber meeting , which was filmed by nightline. ` it 's a stain on me that will be with me until
` out of character ' : jay kantaria , 38 , had been looking forward to his daughter 's birthday party when he leapt onto train tracks last october. a city high flier jumped ` feet first ' in front of a train after leaving his job at an investment management company to spend more time with his family , an inquest heard today. jay kantaria , 38 , from harrow , north-west london , had been looking forward to his daughter 's birthday party when he leapt onto the tracks at his local station of sudbury hill. but a coroner recorded an open verdict on
smartly dressed in a bowler hat and waistcoat , these civilians may look like respectable members of society in edwardian england. in fact , they were the drunkards banned from every boozer in birmingham for a string of crimes including drink-driving a steam engine , riding a horse while drunk and being intoxicated to the point of ` complete incompetence '. they were all placed on the 1904 blacklist after four convictions under the inebriates act of 1898. the list was then sent to landlords who were not allowed to sell them alcohol. scroll down for video. boozy : kitted out in a bowler hat and waistcoat , he may appear to be a right-thinking member of edwardian england
joel ward has put pen to paper on a new three-and-a-half year contract at crystal palace , keeping him at the south london club until the summer of 2018. the 25-year-old , who has impressed at both left and right back for the eagles this season , has been a mainstay in the first team , making 35 appearances in all competitions. speaking to the club 's official website about his new deal , ward said : ` i 'm really pleased. it 's been something that has been talked about a little bit and i 'm glad to now put
they may have millions in the bank and the most prestigious beauty houses bending over backwards to gift them products , but our favourite a-listers do n't turn their noses up at cheap and simple tricks when it comes to beautifying. from shailene woodley colouring her lips with roasted beetroot to kate moss submerging her face in cucumber water , it seems the stars ' best kept beauty hacks start in the kitchen. insurgent actress shailene , who is a big fan of natural beauty , has confessed to cooking the vibrant vegetable to use it as an alternative to lipstick. insurgent actress shailene woodley colours her lips with roasted
the most popular cities in the world are often instantly recognisable thanks to their world-famous landmarks. but what would these cities look like if they did not have their prized attractions ? that 's what one studio asked its designers , and the images it received back were certainly illuminating. scroll down for video. without the 324m-high eiffel tower in paris , the skyline looks incredibly bare and dark , which is not surprising considering it has 336 lamps illuminating it at night. the iconic tower , on the champ de mars , was opened in 1889 and has come to define the french capital. the arc de triomphe was constructed in 1806 , and is the centrepiece of place charles de gaulle at the end
shirley temple 's bitter ex-husband tried to derail her appointment to a diplomatic post by calling her 'em otionally unstable ' during her fbi background check. john george agar told an agent in 1969 to think twice because temple would ` overreact if she did n't get her way '. he also said that her mother had wrecked their marriage because she interfered in their affairs too much. his efforts were unsuccessful as dozens of other people including ronald reagan came to temple 's defense and called her a ` very courageous woman of the highest morals '. scroll down for video. child star :
paris saint-germain star david luiz 's ` joker ' status in the dressing room at chelsea was well documented , and he teamed up with ezequiel lavezzi to play a prank on birthday boy zoumana camara. the # 50million centre back was part of a duo who conspired to dunk the 36-year-old 's face into his cake on his special day as psg prepare for their ligue 1 trip to face marseille on sunday. camara , a fringe member of the squad this season , had an unexpected dip into his cake that left him with a faceful of it. paris saint-germain birthday boy zoumana camara poses with
a few blocks from the finish line and even closer to the spot where the second bomb exploded during the 2013 boston marathon , race organizers are building a combination clubhouse , interactive museum and retail store that , for the first time , gives them a year-round , public presence. the boston runbase scheduled to open april 16 will allow visitors to learn about the world 's most prestigious road race , run a replica of the course on a treadmill or see artifacts from its 118-year history. it will give runners a place to gather before going for a jog by the charles river , and then shower and
a schoolboy with a rare illness which means he is allergic to sunlight has been racially abused in the street because of the brown suncream he has to wear. james creag , 11 , is so sick of being taunted that he has stopped putting on the special cream - meaning that it is not safe for him to go outside. he suffers from the condition erythropoietic protoporphyria , whose victims are nicknamed ` real-life vampires ' because their skin can not be exposed to direct sunlight. james creag must use the special brown suncream -lrb- pictured -rrb- as he suffers from a rare sunlight allergy. he suffers from the condition erythropoietic protoporphyria , which means he suffers from terrible sunburn -lrb- pictured -rrb- when exposed to sunlight. james , from salford in greater manchester ,
the wild oats project. by robin rinaldi. -lrb- hodder # 14.99 -rrb-. at the age of 42 , san francisco-based journalist robin rinaldi believed she had accidentally succeeded in conceiving a longed - for child. the pregnancy test turned out to be wrong , but her husband scott was n't taking any more chances : he got a vasectomy. rinaldi 's response was to demand an open marriage and bed 12 strangers in as many months. she 's now written a graphic , tell-all memoir about that year and its very messy fallout. robin rinaldi -lrb- pictured -rrb- demanded an open
-lrb- cnn -rrb- the best part of the supreme court oral arguments about marriage equality was when justice ruth bader ginsburg alluded to s&m. ok , she did n't actually mention s&m , but ginsburg talked about how the institution of marriage has already changed from long ago , when it was `` a dominant and a subordinate relationship. '' `` yes , it was marriage between a man and a woman , but the man decided where the couple would be domiciled , '' said ginsburg. `` it was her obligation to follow him. '' mary bonauto , the attorney arguing on behalf of the four same-sex
west ham united 's on-loan barcelona midfielder alex song has picked his #one2eleven of stars he played alongside throughout his career , on the fantasy football club on sky sports. song , who has also played for arsenal as well as representing cameroon at international level , has picked a mixture of talent in his squad. watch #one2eleven every friday evening on the fantasy football club , sky sports 1 or catch up on demand. goalkeeper : carlos kameni. he could have played at one of the top teams in the premier league. when i was playing for the -lrb- cameroon -rrb- national team he would just
she only gave birth to daughter james three months ago , but blake lively is already showcasing her incredible post-baby body in all its glory. the 27-year-old actress , who welcomed her first child with ryan reynolds in january , has been out and about promoting her upcoming movie roles -lrb- and her new figure -rrb-. so what 's her secret ? long walks , yoga , hiking ... and chocolate , it has been revealed. blake lively shows off her post-baby body in a plunging pink dress as she arrives at the live with kelly and michael studios in new york on tuesday morning. although she has been parading her enviable curves at various events to promote her new movie , age of adaline ,
given the inexorable march of the past 12 months in one direction , perhaps it is only appropriate that rory mcilroy should spend the eve of the masters on wednesday with a member of the celebrated boy band of that name. but it is not lookalike harry styles who will carry the northern irishman 's bag in the par-three tournament but keen golfer niall horan as mcilroy looks for a little light relief before his first attempt to complete a career grand slam. one direction released their debut album in 2011 , the same year mcilroy won his first major , so you could say they have
a father and son were shot dead in an execution-style murder moments after party guests left their home in a quiet neighborhood. nicholas pence , 25 , and his father david , an oil company manager , had been celebrating a victorious football game in their garage in new orleans , louisiana , on wednesday. but moments after jovially waving goodbye to the last-remaining revelers shortly before midnight , they were both shot dead at close range in an attack that shocked and baffled the quiet community of metairie. they were found by david 's wife , nicholas 's mother , who had been in a bedroom when she heard gun shots. scroll down for video. shocking : nicholas pence , 25 , -lrb- left -rrb-
comics at the bbc must go through a lengthy process to get some jokes on air because the corporation is extra-wary about causing offence , an editor at the company has claimed. chris sussman , executive editor for comedy , revealed particular jokes have to go through ` quite a lot of layers ' to be approved. some jokes even have to be looked over by director general lord hall - alongside editorial policy advisers , the channel and legal advisers - before they are aired , he said. comics at the bbc must go through a lengthy process to get jokes on air , including some being looked over by director general lord hall -lrb- left -rrb- , an editor at the company claimed. it is because the
saudi arabian footballer emad sahabi suffered a gruesome broken ankle while playing for his club al orubah against al shoalah. the match came to halt on 19 minutes when the midfielder 's ankle appeared to have twisted 180 degrees after chasing down the ball - much to the horror of his team-mates. it seemed innocuous , as he tumbled over under pressure before his joint snapped and appeared to dislocate , leaving it hanging off the end of his leg. emad sahabi writhes in pain after suffering an horrific ankle break while playing for al orubah. al orubah went on to win the game 2-0 but the result
a college basketball coach , a bar owner and a businessman were among seven killed in a private plane crash as they returned from the ncaa championship game. illinois state associate coach torrey ward , meat processing business owner scott bittner and bar owner terry stralow have been confirmed as among the dead when the cessna 414 crashed near bloomington , illinois , shortly after midnight on tuesday. the party had been at the ncaa championship game between duke and wisconsin in indianapolis , and ward had made a last tweet showing off his transport to the game. he posted a picture of an aircraft different to the cessna on twitter with the words ` my ride to the game was n't bad '. bittner was
a personal trainer who claims to have helped gwen stefani get into shape hit a woman so hard that she lost a tooth and was left lying unconscious in a pool of blood , a court has hard. mike heatlie , 42 , launched the violent attack on fiona mccartney outside a nightclub in edinburgh because she did not give him a cigarette. heatlie , from edinburgh , was once voted as one of the city 's most eligible bachelors and claims to have helped train stefani before her 2009 u.s tour. at the time , she described him as ` superman '. personal trainer mike heatlie , 42 , -lrb- left -rrb- , who claims to have previously work with gwen stefani , launched the violent attack on fiona mccartney
-lrb- cnn -rrb- i usually think of april as tax month , but it seems to be morphing into national get tested month. dallas mavericks owner mark cuban advised twitterers to have their blood tested for everything available -- and to do so every three months. following her mother 's cancer diagnosis , singer taylor swift urged her fans to remind their parents to get screening tests. and arizona gov. doug ducey signed legislation to allow arizonans to get any lab test without a doctor 's order. freedom of information -- always sounds like a good thing. but there are many lab tests to order on yourself : medicare 's clinical diagnostic laboratory fee schedule lists over a thousand. they are not all blood tests , but a lot
-lrb- cnn -rrb- `` it really depends what you want. boy ? girl ? young ? old ? '' the man on the phone was offering us young children with the casualness of a market trader. after a week of back and forth phone calls , his initial caginess had given way to greed. he 'd heard my foreign accent and clearly decided i would pay more than the domestic rate. `` we can get , '' he said. we 'd been put in touch with the man through a contact on the ground. we were told he was one of the men running this `` unofficial '' displaced camp -- one of the many that has mushroomed in the town of yola as the influx of people fleeing boko haram has grown beyond the capacity of the official camps. it had all been heartbreakingly simple. we
ed balls has been accused of treating the public with ` contempt ' after dismissing as a ` joke ' the infamous labour note admitting the party had blown the nation 's finances. the shadow chancellor said the letter , left in the treasury by the former labour minister liam byrne in 2010 , was just a ` jokey note '. mr byrne 's glib note to his successor as treasury secretary stated : ` dear chief secretary , i 'm afraid there is no money. kind regards -- and good luck ! liam. ' scroll down for video. damaging : labour 's liam byrne sent left this handwritten note to his
arsene wenger rejoiced when didier drogba left chelsea for shanghai shenhua in 2012 , with the ivorian striker departing england with a formidable scoring record of 13 goals in 14 games against arsenal. ' i do n't know how much chelsea miss him but we do n't miss him , ' wenger said of the man who averages a goal every 78 minutes and 20 seconds against his team. ` he did a lot of damage against us in every game. ' but he might have celebrated too soon. didier drogba has 15 goals in 15 games for chelsea against arsenal , averaging one every 78
abc 's world news tonight evening newscast has officially overtaken underfire rival nbc 's nightly news in the ratings war for the first time in more than five and a half years. nbc 's 288 consecutive week winning run had stetched back to september 2009 and the drop from the top spot comes two months after anchor brian williams received a six-month suspension for misleading viewers about his coverage of the iraq war in 2003. according to nielsen ratings , abc 's world news tonight with david muir attracted 84,000 more viewers for the week ending april 3 , with the show pulling
volvo teamed up with a swedish start-up to make a light reflective spray for cyclists , called life paint. volvo is known for making cars packed with safety features but it 's a low-tech safety solution for cyclists that has proved a surprising success. the car manufacturer teamed up with a sweden-based start-up to make a temporary light reflective spray for cyclists , called life paint. the paint has proved so popular that the trial cans up for grabs at certain cycling shops in london were snapped up in days. and some of these are now on sale on ebay for # 45
shaving , waxing , plucking - many of us spend hours getting rid of body hair. but this week , singer miley cyrus decided to challenge convention and leave her underarms unshaved - perhaps she 's onto something , as there may be health benefits to having an ample covering of fuzz. here , with the help of experts , we explore why being hairy may be good for you. singer miley cyrus this week shocked fans with this photo by challenging convention - and leaving her underarms unshaved. how body hair helps your skin heal. hair anywhere on the body is important for
aaron hernandez looked full of promise in his 2007 high school yearbook picture. aaron hernandez was a rapidly rising star in the nfl. he was a key part of the new england patriots offense , played in the super bowl and had signed a massive five-year contract extension that would pay him nearly $ 40million. he had a baby girl , a beautiful fiancee and an expansive $ 1.5 million mansion in the boston suburbs. but even before the murder of odin lloyd in june 2013 - a crime for which he will now spend the rest of his life in prison - hernandez was not the golden boy he seemed to be. his arrest for lloyd 's murder was not the
-lrb- cnn -rrb- canadian actor jonathan crombie , who co-starred in the `` anne of green gables '' tv movies , died this week at age 48. crombie died wednesday from complications of a brain hemorrhage , `` anne of green gables '' producer kevin sullivan said. `` it 's a real tragedy to see someone at age 48 go like that , '' he said. `` i will remember him as someone who worked extremely hard to make the roles he played onscreen come to life. '' based on canadian author lucy maud montgomery 's children 's books , `` anne of green gables '' debuted in canada on cbc tv in 1984 and became a cultural touchstone. the plot focused on the adventures of fiery orphan anne
jameela spent # 3,000 on having all her amalgam fillings removed and replaced with white fillings. jameela jamil has the dazzling smile that you 'd expect of a television presenter and former model. yet the 29-year-old broadcaster is convinced her teeth - or rather , the dental work done on them - triggered a host of health problems that plagued her for nearly seven years. ` from the age of 21 , i would wake up in the morning with a puffy , swollen face feeling utterly hungover - even though i do n't drink , ' says jameela , who has presented the
-lrb- cnn -rrb- in 2001 , the taliban wiped out 1700 years of history in a matter of seconds , by blowing up ancient buddha statues in central afghanistan with dynamite. they proceeded to do so after an attempt at bringing down the 175-foot tall sculptures with anti-aircraft artillery had failed. sadly , the event was just the first in a series of atrocities that have robbed the world of some of its most prized cultural heritage. but historical architecture is also under threat from calamities which might well escape our control , such as earthquakes and climate change. the thought of losing a piece of our
tokyo -lrb- cnn -rrb- the operator of the crippled fukushima daiichi nuclear plant has given up trying to recover a robotic probe after it stopped moving inside one of the reactors. tokyo electric power company -lrb- tepco -rrb- deployed the remote-controlled robot on friday inside one of the damaged reactors that had suffered a meltdown following a devastating earthquake and tsunami in 2011. it was the first time the probe had been used. the robot , set out to collect data on radiation levels and investigate the spread of debris , stalled after moving about 10 meters , according to a statement released by tepco. a newly released report and footage from the robot shows that a
a sorority housekeeper at the university of southern california was left screaming with joy after her ` girls ' gifted her $ 21,000 to buy herself the brand new car she was saving up for. fannie randle , who has worked at the usc sorority gamma phi beta for 24 years , was driving to work every day in an old car that was held together with duct tape - inspiring usc senior and former gamma phi beta president alicia jewell to show her gratitude for the housekeeper with one last gift before graduation in may. ` her car , currently , it just
known for his life of fast cars , supermodels , and heavy-duty firearms , dan bilzerian is perhaps the last man you would expect to be fronting a video about responsible gun use. but the so-called ` king of instagram ' has been forced into making a public safety announcement in order to avoid jail after being arrested for placing homemade explosives into a tractor before shooting them. the film shows a stony-faced bilzerian speaking from behind a desk in his lavish home , complete with gun-shaped candle holder , an action figurine of himself , and a bizarre painting , while lecturing people on ` responsible ' gun ownership. dead pan
she became a model at the tender age of 14. and after achieving global success as one of the world 's most famous supermodels , gisele bundchen took one last strut down the catwalk on wednesday. the 34-year-old beauty - who has announced she 's retiring from the runway - was seen walking for colcci during são paulo fashion week in her native brazil , wearing a selection of summery ensembles. scroll down for video. her swan song : gisele bunchen sashayed down the catwalk for the last time at são paulo fashion week on wednesday. it 's goodbye : a teary-eyed gisele shared this photo on instagram revealing the experience of walking the catwalk for the last time
flower pattern : miriam gonzález durántez wore a particularly colourful ensemble to a fashion show and award gala in central london tonight. miriam gonzález durántez is not one to blend into the background. she is known for her bold choices and this exotic look was no exception. the lawyer , wife of the deputy prime minister and mother of three boys , wore a particularly colourful ensemble to a fashion show and award gala in central london tonight. her bright pink , long-sleeved dress was covered in bright blooms at the ldny fashion show and wie -lrb- women : inspiration and enterprise -rrb- award
nigel farage has revealed his preparation technique for tonight 's crunch election debate -- no booze until 6pm. the ukip leader said he wanted to ` keep his mind as clear as possible ' before the two-hour live tv showdown. but he admitted that he would break his drink ban at 6pm before heading into the studio for the showdown against britain 's six other political party leaders. admitted that he would break his drink ban at 6pm before heading into the studio for the showdown against britain 's six other political party leaders. mr farage , speaking on fubarradio.com , said : ' i think that for a big event like this
frightened : diana doyle was plagued with cold calls. a firm linked to the sale of nhs patient data is offering details of eating disorder sufferers for just 12p a head , the mail can reveal today. it has also offered to supply names of those suffering from stress , hair loss , dandruff , impotence and snoring. even details of dieters and those who have had plastic surgery appear on the list of data for sale. the mail has this week exposed companies that have secretly sold private financial and medical information without proper checks. our investigation has revealed that :. the revelations have prompted probes
downton abbey fans left reeling that the hit show is coming to an end can rejoice -- for the sharp-tongued dowager countess is among a clutch of characters who may return to our screens. played by dame maggie smith in the itv drama , violet , countess of grantham may be coming back in the new american show the gilded age , from downton creator julian fellowes. made by the us network nbc , the gilded age will be set among the high society families of new york in the late 19th century -- meaning that violet will be seen as her far younger self , with events taking place decades before the first series of downton abbey. scroll down for
for the parents of children living with cancer , there is often so little hope. and for those facing the bleakest of prognoses -- that , barring a miracle , the disease will cut short their young lives -- the agony is almost indescribable. so the decision to enrol such a child on to a trial for largely untested treatments that may save them , but may make them suffer far more , is another kind of mental anguish altogether. now , a ground-breaking television documentary filmed over two years follows three children and their families through such a situation. battler : chloe ballouqui during her treatment. she is one of three children featured in a ground-breaking tv documentary. in the film they reveal with heroic honesty why they are willing to risk their lives as they become the first children in
there was a time when the name of juventus would be one to avoid in the semi-final of european competition. those days are long gone. when the old lady of turin takes her place alongside bayern munich , barcelona and real madrid on friday , it will appear that massimiliano allegri has returned this great club to the elite level. in reality it will be a clash of cultures as juventus , who have kept nine clean sheets in their last ten fixtures , plot their path to the champions league final in berlin. it will be painful and far from pretty if juve , who held on to the lead arturo vidal gave them from the penalty spot in the first leg against monaco , progress to
a married dentist forced his practice nurse to resign after she rejected his attempts to kiss her , a tribunal heard. colin cromie told xara grogan , 29 , they should jet to barcelona for a break and claimed they were both stuck with the wrong partner. but when she turned down his advances their working relationship soured and mr cromie , 49 , became increasingly hostile and unfriendly. he would also snatch instruments from her in the surgery and be ` abrupt and rude ' and blamed her for a fall-out with another dental practice. married dentist colin cromie -lrb- left -rrb- , 49 , forced practice nurse xara grogan -lrb- right -rrb- , 29 , to resign after she rejected his attempts to kiss her , a
the biblical-style ramblings of accused killer charles severance , 54 , were revealed during his court appearance on thursday -lrb- pictured -rrb-. an accused serial killer 's rambling manifesto revealed details of his chilling plan to ` knock. talk. enter. kill. exit. murder ' , a prosecutor has said. charles severance , 54 , who has been charged with the murders of nancy dunning , ron kirby and ruthanne lodato , in alexandria , virginia , was in court for a hearing on thursday. all three victims were gunned down at their homes in daylight attacks : dunning in 2003 , kirby in 2013 and
kim richards was arrested early thursday morning after allegedly attacking a police officer. law enforcement were called to the beverly hills hotel at approximately 1:30 am where the 50-year-old reality star was hanging out at the polo lounge. radar reports that at some point after midnight the mother-of-four was refused service by a bartender after she 'd had a few too many vodka tonics. the real housewives of beverly hills star then became very angry and reportedly shouted ` do n't you know who i am ? ' scroll down for video. in jail : kim richards was arrested on thursday morning after becoming belligerent while intoxicated at the polo lounge in the beverly hills hotel. kim - who
a 45-year-old nba fan has become a celebrity in her own right for her enthusiastic air bongo-playing skills. it 's been a longtime tradition for the conga to play during memphis grizzlies games with cartoon bongos appearing on the giant court tv screen. spectators are then filmed attempting to play the imaginary drums but one competitor who continues to turn heads is mother-of-two , malenda meacham. at a recent game , the basketball-loving attorney was filmed unleashing her percussion skills. getting into the groove : a 45-year-old nba fan has become a celebrity in her own right for her enthusiastic air bongo-playing skills. smile for the camera : it 's been a longtime tradition for the conga to play
former dragons ' den star duncan bannatyne this morning announced he would back labour at the next election -- just a week after backing the tories. the millionaire businessman said ed miliband 's plan to scrap the controversial ` non-dom ' status had won him over. he tweeted : ` ed milliband says he will abolish non-dom status in uk. this gets my vote i never thought any party would have courage to do this. ' scroll down for video. duncan bannatyne said ed miliband 's plan to scrap the controversial ` non-dom ' status had won him over. it comes after the hotelier
it has been almost a month since an italian model accused movie executive harvey weinstein of groping her , and wednesday night he and his wife were spotted out together for the first time since the alleged incident. weinsten and his designer wife georgina chapman turned up for the premiere of his new broadway production finding neverland in new york city. the play , which stars glee star matthew morrison and kelsey grammer , is based on the 2004 film of the same name weinstein produced starring kate winslet and johnny depp. the couple have been out together numerous times over the past few weeks as well , attending finding neverland rehearsals , celebrating easter together with their children , and
-lrb- cnn -rrb- `` star wars '' is once again back in our lives , the burger-king couple helped us believe love can be found in fast food , and mindy kaling 's brother had a shocking announcement. those are just a few of the stories that trended this week. 1. ` star wars ' streaming. the force is with the streaming device of your choice , thanks to this week 's surprise announcement that the entire `` star wars '' saga -lrb- so far , anyway -rrb- would be released on digital hd at the end of the week. between this and
living near congested roads with high levels of air pollution can cause ` silent strokes ' which increase the risk of dementia , scientists have warned. exposure to small , sooty particles , mostly caused by traffic fumes and factory emissions , alters the structure of the brain , they said. the microscopic particles have previously been shown to cause lung damage and harmful changes in blood vessels and clotting , and are thought to contribute to the deaths of 29,000 people every year in britain. living near a congested road can increase the chance of developing dementia , research has found. researchers examined the brains of more than 900 people aged more than 60 and assessed the pollution risk. us researchers found evidence that
an australian band has told fans ` stop listening to us altogether ' if they disagree with its opinion on the imminent bali nine execution , after a series of heated exchanges over the weekend. sydney electronic duo the presets , made up of julian hamilton and kim moyes , published a series of posts on its facebook page on saturday night and sunday morning , hours after it was announced andrew chan and myuran sukumaran would be executed this week. ` if you agree with murder , lack compassion and openly display those views on our page then yes , you are a total c *** and can f *** off , ' one post read. scroll down for video. sydney duo the presets , made up
the celebrations will continue long after barnet 's delirious supporters are cleared off the pitch as the club returned to the football league following a two-year absence. three points were all that separated barnet from the conference title , and two goals from mauro vilhete ensured martin allen 's fourth spell in charge of the club would be his most successful. this was a potential banana skin. lose or draw , and bristol rovers would have taken barnet 's place. yet those in the south west will have to make do with the play-offs. there was to be no drama on this finale. mauro vilhete -lrb- right
what does republican senator and presidential contender rand paul have in common with a gun-toting , stripper-hurling playboy ? an avid interest in poker , as it turns out. on friday , the 52-year-old libertarian lawmaker from kentucky shared a snapchat video of himself learning how to play poker from the infamous ` king of instagram ' dan blizerian. the 10-second video , obtained by daily caller reporter kaitlin collins , is titled ` lessons from dan blizerian. ' scroll down for video. strange bedfellows : on friday , senator rand paul -lrb- left -rrb- shared a snapchat video of himself learning how to play poker from the debauched social media star dan blizerian -lrb- right -rrb-. high stakes : the pair were playing liar 's poker
-lrb- cnn -rrb- for the fifth year in a row in 2014 , ambush attacks on police officers were the no. 1 cause of felonious deaths of law enforcement officers in the line of duty. nevertheless , google continues to market a smartphone application that lets lawbreakers pinpoint the location of police officers in the field. google 's executives wo n't even discuss the subject with organizations representing law enforcement. google 's popular real-time traffic app , waze , uses gps navigation and crowdsourcing to alert users to traffic jams , automobile accidents , stalled cars , and through its `` traffic cop '' feature , the presence of law enforcement. most people undoubtedly use waze 's police-finding feature to avoid traffic
chaos erupted at an easter egg hunt in sacramento when adults launched in trying to grab sweets for their children. the event was an attempt at breaking the record for the world 's biggest , with 500,000 eggs laid out for thousands of youngsters. but it descended into mayhem as parents raced into the field armed with baskets of their own. scroll down for video. chaos : an attempt at the world 's biggest easter egg hunt in sacramento became shambolic on sunday. mayhem : children as young as two were pushed to the ground as adults invaded the children-only event. ` there was no
thousands of animals have died overnight at a commercial fish farm in southern china 's guangdong province after the lake became polluted. more than 100 tonnes of dead fish were found floating in the water near huizhou city on friday morning by devastated farmer mr zhang. workers had rushed to clear the lake , using plastic baskets and nets to scoop them out , creating a huge mountain of rotting fish on the shore. thousands of fish , weighing 100 tonnes , have been found dead at a lake in huizhou city in southern china 's guangdong province. a mountain of rotting fish : a team of people have been working to clear the dead fish from the water by piling them up on the nearby shore. others were sent to
wakefield coach james webster explained how tough his club were finding life after their 80-0 first utility super league thrashing by warrington wolves. the wildcats are rooted to the foot of the table after eight consecutive defeats. the rout saw a hat-trick of tries by wolves ' richie myler and a 28-point haul for stefan ratchford. gene ormsby claimed two tries along with toby king and ben currie. the other tries came from daryl clark , ashton sims , ben westwood , ben currie and joel monaghan. wakefield wildcats coach james webster said after the game he does not have enough players. webster said : ` over six weeks now we have n't had a seven-day turnaround and we find it
as the weather heats up and we prepare for summer , thoughts are turning to those all-important holidays and festivals. packing can be a nightmare , but as summer approaches , retailers are unveiling quirky products designed to make your life easier this season. from unbreakable sunglasses to foldable wellies , femail has rounded up the eight products you should be packing to make your summer break as foolproof as possible. 1. the t-shirt with built-in spf. religiously slathering on sun cream on a hot day can be a time consuming process , but lifestyle guru gwyneth paltrow has an answer. the mother-of-two and actress is selling a sun proof
president barack obama held up the shrinking florida everglades today as proof positive that climate change is real and is threatening america 's ` national treasures , ' as well as the economies of their surrounding towns , which rely heavily on tourist dollars. ` climate change can no longer be denied. it ca n't be edited out , ' he said this afternoon in a speech at everglades national park commemorating earth day. ` it ca n't be omitted from the conversation. and action can no longer be delayed. ' ` that 's why i 've committed the united states to lead the world in combatting this threat , ' he said , throwing a spotlight on his administration 's efforts to reduce the rate of global warming through the reduction of carbon emissions. the day trip to south
a husband has penned a moving essay celebrating his wife and everything she does for their family as a stay-at-home mother. steven nelms writes in the essay 's introduction that he ca n't afford his wife to be a stay-at home. ' i do n't at all mean to offend anyone with this post , ' he writes. ` i 'd like to explain exactly what that means so that no one thinks i 'm in any way devaluing stay-at-home moms. ' steven nelms penned a moving essay celebrating his wife and everything she does for their family as a stay-at-home mother to their two-year-old son ezra. ` on the contrary ,
fed up of your neighbor 's dog barking ? it seems you could be in for a windfall. a couple in oregon have been awarded $ 240,000 compensation for more than a decade of disquiet. dale and debra krein of rogue river filed a suit in 2012 against their neighbors and their giant tibetan mastiffs. winners ! debra and dale krein -lrb- pictured -rrb- have been awarded $ 240,000 after complaining that their neighbors ' tibetan mastiffs have caused them more than a decade of disquiet by barking until 5am. overruled : john updegraff and karen szewc -lrb- above -rrb- tried to argue they needed the dogs for their livestock. finally , after three years of proceedings , a jury has
the state of oregon on friday released 94,000 emails involving the fiancee of former gov. john kitzhaber , who resigned amid scandal earlier this year over allegations that the former first lady used her relationship with him to land contracts for her business. the emails show the very active role that cylvia hayes , kitzhaber 's longtime companion , played in his administration , as well as the tension that it sometimes raised with the governor 's staff. hayes routinely attended meetings , was copied on emails among senior staff and requested information or clerical assistance from state employees. kitzhaber had downplayed her role
the ocean is known for claiming countless of treasured items , particularly rings and sentimental jewellery which remain lost forever. however , an australian woman is on a campaign to reunite a lost ring with its owner after discovering the buried treasure deep in the ocean. ` so here 's a super long shot , ' queensland resident roxy walsh wrote on facebook. ` found this gold ring snorkelling at finns beach club in bali today -lrb- april 7 -rrb-. ' roxy walsh shared a photo of a gold ring she found on facebook in the hope of finding its owner. roxy walsh -lrb- pictured
boxer amir khan could face a police probe after posting pictures on snapchat while driving his car on a busy road in california. the lightweight posted the pictures to the image sharing app from behind the wheel in the city of fremont close to san francisco. the 28-year-old splits his time between his hometown of bolton and the us , where he is preparing for his next fight. scroll down for video. boxer amir khan , who could face a police probe after posting pictures on snapchat while driving his car. the boxer posted this picture on snapchat , while driving his car
floyd mayweather vs manny pacquiao will be the biggest fight of all time financially and the most significant this century. evaluating the greatest ever fights is a complex variable of several factors including not only the quality and excitement of the action but the political , social and cultural undertones , the scale of expectation and outside influences. where money man vs pacman comes to rank among the most important fights in ring history will depend upon what happens that coming night in the mgm grand garden arena. here is the second of my 12 most significant fights in boxing 's history. the fight against the nazis. yankee stadium , new york. june 22 , 1938. joe louis vs max schmeling. joe louis -lrb- left -rrb- knocks out max schmeling in the first round to win the heavyweight title on june 22
decisions , decisions. a north carolina student who was accepted into all eight ivy league schools will have to make a tough choice and decide where he wants to attend college in the fall. victor agbafe , a student at cape fear academy in wilmington , also could go to stanford or duke because he was accepted at those prestigious institutions as well. the 17-year-old got into 14 schools in all. victor agbafe , 17 -lrb- pictured above -rrb- , is currently attending cape fear academy in wilmington , north carolina. on one of his facebook pages , agbafe describes himself as a ` passionate , honest , open-minded individual ' agbafe hopes to become a
ahead of this weekend 's premier league action , sportsmail will be providing you with all you need to know about every fixture , with team news , provisional squads , betting odds and opta stats. here is all the information you need for liverpool 's home clash with newcastle ... liverpool vs newcastle united -lrb- anfield -rrb-. team news. liverpool. liverpool defender mamadou sakho will miss monday 's visit of newcastle with a hamstring injury. the france international came off in the first half of wednesday 's fa cup win over blackburn but his absence will be lessened by the return from suspension of emre can , although martin skrtel and steven gerrard must serve the final match of
when louis van gaal talked about michael carrick and wayne rooney as coaches on the pitch last week , it actually revealed far more than you might at first imagine. football intelligence is something very few people are truly blessed with. van gaal was highlighting these two because of their superior football intelligence. the backdrop is a season at old trafford where champions league football looks likely , but at the same time it is fair to say united have only been truly convincing in a few isolated games. louis van gaal has identified michael carrick -lrb- left -rrb- and wayne rooney as two of his most bright players. van gaal demands a level
a university student from kosovo has become an internet celebrity thanks to his uncanny likeness to zayn malik. flamur ukshini , 23 , from the kosovan capital of pristina , is in his final year studying business informatics and also works as a part time model. but thanks to his eerie similarity to the one direction singer , he boasts almost 40,000 followers on his instagram page. scroll down for video. flamur ukshini , 23 , -lrb- left -rrb- from the kosovan capital of pristina has got almost 40,000 fans on instagram thanks to his likeness to zayn malik -lrb- right -rrb-. every picture that flamur posts on his instagram
-lrb- cnn -rrb- they may not be `` star trek '' - type extraterrestrials , but we may be close to finding evidence of alien life , a nasa scientist says. `` i think we 're going to have strong indications of life beyond earth within a decade , and i think we 're going to have definitive evidence within 20 to 30 years , '' nasa chief scientist ellen stofan said tuesday during a panel discussion on water in the universe. `` we know where to look. we know how to look , '' she said. `` in most cases , we have the technology , and we 're on a path to
a top queensland barrister with a handsome income will use case law dating back 200 years to try to avoid a $ 146 speeding fine. tony morris qc is mounting a landmark legal challenge against queensland 's speed-camera laws , the courier-mail reports. mr morris says he was n't driving when his volvo was photographed doing 57km/h in a 50km/h zone last year. but he wo n't say who was behind the wheel. he has invoked a spousal privilege case from 1817 , arguing it 's unconstitutional for a queensland court to fine him when there 's evidence he was not the driver. scroll down for video. tony morris qc is
a jealous husband who fatally stabbed his ex-wife in the heart after discovering she had been using dating websites has been found guilty of murder. lorna mccarthy feared for her life in the hours leading up to her death at the hands of barry mccarthy , the man she had spent 25 years with before their separation four months earlier. mrs mccarthy , 50 , sent a series of messages to friends and family on september 27 , including one to her daughter saying she did n't know ` what he is capable of these days '. she urged her daughter to call the
-lrb- cnn -rrb- before landing a gyrocopter on the capitol lawn wednesday , doug hughes wrote about his intentions and the reasons behind them on a website called the thedemocracyclub.org. `` the point of the flight is to spotlight corruption in dc and more importantly , to present the solution -lrb- s -rrb- to the institutional graft , '' the 61-year-old florida postal carrier wrote in an online post titled `` your pilot. '' `` my flight is not a secret , '' the post says. `` before i took off , i sent an email to info@barackobama.com. the letter is intended to persuade the guardians of the capitol
ryan giggs , paul scholes , gary neville , nicky butt and andrew cole went out for dinner just hours after their former side 's 1-0 defeat by chelsea. ex-manchester united striker cole took to twitter to upload an image of himself alongside four of his former colleagues and their respective partners at a restaurant table. cole wrote to his 185,000-plus followers : ` saturday night. . great company great team mates. #mufc '. andrew cole -lrb- right -rrb- took to twitter to reveal he went out for dinner with former manchester united team-mates paul scholes , gary neville , ryan giggs and nicky butt on saturday night. former manchester
-lrb- cnn -rrb- jason rezaian has sat in jail in iran for nearly nine months. the washington post 's bureau chief in tehran was arrested in july on unspecified allegations. it took more than four months for a judge to hear charges against him. they remained publicly undisclosed until last week. the iranian-american will be tried soon on espionage , tehran 's chief justice said. he is accused of economic spying , the post reported , citing iranian state media. the washington post did not mince words on the allegation. `` any charges of that sort would be absurd , the product of fertile
lindsey vonn made another appearance in augusta on thursday to cheer on her golfer boyfriend tiger woods while he goes after a fifth masters championship after back surgery temporarily put his career on ice last year. woods ' children were n't around this time , though. and without them , ski champ vonn looked less like the beautiful stepmom and more like a girlfriend concerned for her struggling beau. vonn 's sympathy should come as no surprise , not only because she is girlfriend. she 's also come roaring back from her own terrible injuries. scroll down for video. there for tiger : ski champ lindsey vonn looked a little teed off at the first day of
a young cancer sufferer who proposed to his girlfriend hoping surgery would save his life is set to marry in hospital after being told he 's too ill for the operation and has just weeks to live. jack jordan , 23 , proposed to his girlfriend laura cant last christmas from his hospital bed while suffering from leukaemia. the pair planned to wed after a bone marrow transplant , which they hoped would have given them a bright future together. jack jordan and his girlfriend laura cant , who are to marry tomorrow in hospital after being told he had just weeks to live. however , last
kathmandu , nepal -lrb- cnn -rrb- more than 4,600 people dead. more than 9,000 injured. eight million affected across nepal. one million children urgently in need of help. those are the startling numbers that indicate the scale of the devastation from the huge earthquake that struck the himalayan nation on saturday. and some of the grim figures are likely to get even worse as hopes of rescuing any more survivors diminish every hour. heartbreaking scenes of suffering and loss are playing out across this shell-shocked nation as it reels from its deadliest natural disaster in more than 80 years. as the country coped with the fallout of the quake , another natural disaster struck tuesday afternoon in a popular trekking area north of kathmandu , and up to 200 people were feared missing as a result of
victoria beckham did it. so did kim kardashian. and now the australian it crowd are following in their footsteps by taking their children along to mercedes-benz fashion week. the offspring of some of sydney 's style set have been front and centre at the catwalk presentations of ellery , alice mccall and maticevski - highly-coveted tickets that many fully grown adults failed to snag an invitation to. scroll down for video. front row kids ! the australian fashion crowd are following in the footsteps of the beckhams and kimye by bringing their children to fashion week. trendsetters : david beckham with daughter harper during
mesut ozil is playing the best football since he joined arsenal in the summer of 2013 , after leading the gunners to second in the premier league table. ozil was off the pace at the beginning of this season , but says he is now back to his best since returning to fitness in january. and the german star says his injury has actually helped him , claiming that it ` worked in my favour ' after a busy schedule. mesut ozil trains ahead of arsenal 's fa cup semi final against reading on saturday. the german star says he is now playing his best football since joining the gunners in the
napoli coach rafa benitez on wednesday quashed speculation that he is to return to the premier league to take charge manchester city. the former liverpool and chelsea manager has yet to sign a contract extension with napoli , with his current deal ending this summer. it has been rumoured benitez could replace manuel pellegrini at the helm of city at the end of the campaign. napoli boss rafael benitez has dismissed reports linking him to the manchester city job. the spaniard is out of contract at the end of the season and has yet to agree an extension with napoli. however , benitez said to the italian press : '
a youngster admiring his catch was left surprised when the fish jumped up and slapped him in the face. quinn patrick was on a fishing trip with his dad at snow lake , indiana when the pair caught a bowfin , videoed lying lifeless on a concrete dock. crouching over the fish , quinn deliberates whether someone should put it back in the water. when suddenly the bowfin propels itself from the ground and slaps the youngster straight in the face with its large tail. the sound of the fish making impact with the youngster 's face is not dissimilar to a sound effect used in a cartoon. recoiling , quinn stumbles backwards in shock as his dad begins laughing --
an arkansas woman who has become the world 's oldest living person wants president barack obama to attend her 117th birthday party on the fourth of july. at 116 , gertrude weaver was already the oldest person in america. with the death of 117-year-old misao okawa in japan on wednesday , weaver became the world 's oldest person , according to the los angeles-based gerontology research group. scroll down for video. gertrude weaver , 116 , of camden , arkansas , attributes her longevity to treating others well and exercising three times a week in her wheelchair. the staff at the silver oaks health and rehabilitation center in camden , about 100
ahead of this weekend 's premier league action , sportsmail will be providing you with all you need to know about every fixture , with team news , provisional squads , betting odds and opta stats. here is all the information you need for leicester 's home clash with west ham ... leicester city vs west ham united -lrb- king power stadium -rrb-. team news. leicester city. matt upson is out of leicester 's clash with west ham as the rock-bottom foxes continue their fight for survival. the defender limped off in their 4-3 defeat by tottenham before the international break with an achilles problem and will not
washington -lrb- cnn -rrb- an off-duty member of the uniformed division of secret service was arrested friday in washington and charged with first-degree attempted burglary , a felony , and one misdemeanor count for destruction of property , the d.c. metropolitan police department reported. arthur baldwin , 29 , was arrested at a woman 's residence in southeast washington , according to documents provided by the police department. he has been placed on administrative leave and his security clearance has been suspended , the secret service said. baldwin is assigned to the foreign missions branch , according to u.s. secret service spokesman brian leary. that branch is responsible for working
britt mchenry has marked her return to work by apologizing for her ` hurtful ' actions and has asked fans for a second chance. the disgraced espn reporter was behind the mic covering the nhl stanley cup playoff game between the new york islanders and washington capitals. the 29-year-old was suspended for a week footage emerged showing her unleash a vicious verbal attack on a single mother-of-three at a towing firm. ahead of her return to work , she tweeted : ` back to work. excited to be covering caps-isles today. now that the suspension is over , i want to
as a childhood friend of pop star ed sheeran it would be understandable if jonny may felt like singing the blues with the memory of being dropped by england still painfully fresh in his mind. just a couple of months after scoring a sensational first international try against new zealand , may was axed for striking the wrong note by ignoring an overlap in england 's six nations win over italy. he was told to go away and learn his lessons back at gloucester. with a mother who taught sheeran to play the guitar as a youngster , learning lessons has never been a problem for the 25-year-old may ,
an unemployed alcoholic who boasts of fathering 40 children plays ultra-violent grand theft auto for up to 20 hours a day on a playstation4 bought with his benefits. mike holpin has three 48in widescreen televisions dotted around his monmouthshire council house , each connected to his three # 450 ps4 consoles all funded by his state handouts. his 40 children by 20 women have cost the taxpayer more than # 4million in benefits and care costs , with at least 16 taken off him and their mothers by social services. ' i wo n't stop ' : father of 40 mike holpin
le manoir aux quat ` saisons had been on my wish list for a while - and mum is such a huge fan of raymond blanc she once confessed he could be her mastermind subject ... nestled in the green rolling hills of the chilterns , le manoir is a striking building ; a 15th century manor house built with golden bricks and burgundy roof tiles , and boasting tall chimney stacks and climbing wisteria. it is beautiful - and it 's impossible not to gawp. the impeccably kept grounds included perfectly trimmed lawns , bronze sculptures -lrb- including a scarecrow
real madrid ace gareth bale treated himself to a sunday evening bbq after his earlier exploits had helped los blancos on their way to a sensational victory. the welsh wizard was in fine form for his country during the international break , scoring twice and assisting another in an impressive win victory in israel. and the former tottenham hotspur certainly kept that impressive run going as he opened the scoring in real madrid 's impressive 9-1 victory against granada. gareth bale tweeted : ` unbelievable result this afternoon , great team performance. now for a bbq. ' gareth bale rounds granada goalkeeper oier olazabal to open the scoring
anti-hillary clinton street art emerged in brooklyn just hours before clinton 's presidential candidacy announcement on sunday. the signs feature portraits of clinton with phrases including ` dont say secretive ' , ` do n't say entitled ' and ` do n't say ambitious '. the street art appears to be a dig at a group of clinton supporters who said it would be on the look out for evidence of sexism in reporting about the democratic politician , according to the weekly standard. last month , the new york times ' amy chozick brought attention to the efforts made by the group , which goes by the name of ` hrc super volunteers '. the descriptive terms that clinton 's
robbie savage has taken to twitter to show fans that his diet and fitness regime is paying dividends , as he tries to lose the flab. the match of the day pundit appears to have worked hard in the gym to lose his ` podgy ' label but he still has some way to go to return back to his so-called ` glory days. ' he posted the photo on twitter saying : '12 weeks. . 12st 12. . 12.4 % bodyfat @joshmchale. ' robbie savage posed this snap on his twitter showing the progress he had made during his fitness regime. the former birmingham player is certainly an acquired taste and was too much for sportsmail 's laura williamson - who described the star
a mother was left in shock after her four-year-old daughter discovered a four-foot snake in the bath - just a week after moving into the house. michelle woods , from norton in teesside , was told by her daughter elisha mann that ` something was moving ' in the bath. and when the pair walked into the bathroom to check what was there , that 's when they came face to face with the reptile. the four-foot red and orange corn snake , which michelle woods discovered slithering around in the bathroom of her new home. she believes it may belong to the property 's previous tenant. mrs woods , a full-time mother , said : ' i thought she was
a young fisherman in thailand reeled in the catch of the day after hooking a fish with a plastic toy fishing rod -- but was the achievement just a hoax ? captured standing on the bank of what appears to be a lake , the youngster -- with a big grin on his face -- holds onto a tiny blue and yellow fishing rod. approaching the water , the young boy reels rapidly , but at this point it is n't clear whether or not he has hooked anything. the youngster stands on the bank of what appears to be a lake and holds a tiny blue and yellow fishing rod. he then crouches down by the side
the common ancestor of humans may have had tentacles , a scientist has claimed. organisms that lived in the sea 635 to 541 million years ago , from which humans and other animals evolved , likely had flexible appendages and a complex nervous system. it seemingly puts to bed another theory that suggests our ancestors were much more simple , worm-like creatures. a russian scientist says the distant ancestor of humans had tentacles. one such creature can be seen at the centre of this illustration. they lived more than 540 million years ago and used them for food. it 's likely they also had a complex nervous system like we do today. the latest research was conducted by dr elena temereva from the department
firefighters tackling a huge blaze at an oxford hotel saved a couple 's wedding when they salvaged their rings and the bride 's dress from the charred building yesterday. lauren halliday and steven smith feared they would have to get married in their jeans after they were evacuated from the randolph hotel on friday. the ceremony went ahead at st edmund hall in the city. eighty guests fled the fire at the 119-bedroom hotel , which featured in tv 's inspector morse. no one was hurt. eighty guests fled the fire at the 119-bedroom hotel , which featured in tv 's inspector morse. no one was hurt. seventy firefighters fought the blaze and the damage was
images revealing the shocking extent of gender stereotyping in toy shops have been posted online under the hashtag #notanaprilfools. the pictures show a wide divide between the aspirations set out for girls and boys , with females offered pink beautician 's outfits while males are offered doctor 's uniforms. products intended for infants are equally polarised , with babygros for girls emblazoned with a slogan that reads : ' i hate my thighs '. the fancy dress options for girls and boys hint at very different future careers. babygros reading ' i hate my thighs ' and ` i 'm super ' left customers in one store feeling cross. by contrast , the boy 's
a stunning convertible ferrari which is almost identical to one that was famously destroyed in cult 1980s film ferris bueller 's day off is expected to sell for # 10million at auction. the 1961 ferrari 250 gt swb california spider is widely regarded by many as the most beautiful convertible ever made. but it is best known for that infamous scene in the 1986 teen comedy starring matthew broderick. the car , in classic ferrari red , was the pride and joy of the father of ferris bueller 's best friend cameron in the movie. that was until the friends take the model out for a spin which results in the convertible accidentally smashing through its glass showroom doors into the
police believe they are on the verge of solving a brutal cold case murder that occurred 35 years ago. ronda blaylock was just 14-years-old in 1980 when she and a friend took a ride home from a stranger after finishing the day at atkins high school in rural hall , north carolina - a town so quaint and wholesome that it was the model for the fictional mayberry in ` the andy griffith show. ' her friend got dropped off first , but ronda never made it back home. three days later , her partially clothed body was discovered in a heavily wooded area almost 20 miles away
-lrb- cnn -rrb- universal 's `` furious 7 '' is about to make history. `` furious 7 '' -- the final film from the late paul walker -- is expected to gross $ 115 million or more when opening at the north american box office this weekend , the top showing ever for an april title , not accounting for inflation.domestically , it is getting the widest release in universal 's history with a theater count of roughly 4,003 -lrb- including imax locations -rrb- , eclipsing `` despicable me 2 '' -lrb- 3,956 -rrb-. anything north of 4,000 is usually reserved for summer tentpoles and year-end titles. overseas , the movie is also poised to
barely out of nappies , this five-year-old boy was not the most likely candidate to take on six heavily armed troops. but that did not stop the palestinian youngster , dressed in full combat gear , from attempting to pelt israeli police with stones during violent clashes on the west bank. the bemused officers , equipped with helmets and body armour , calmly watched as the child launched his own assault before racing away. the incident raised fears that palestinian children are being encouraged to mimic and glorify violence. david and goliath battle : a five-year-old palestinian boy pelted the israeli police with stones as violence erupted during a rally in the northern west bank. the dark-haired child ,
1. lewis hamilton -lrb- britain -rrb- mercedes 93. 2. nico rosberg -lrb- germany -rrb- mercedes 66. 3. sebastian vettel -lrb- germany -rrb- ferrari 65. 4. kimi raikkonen -lrb- finland -rrb- ferrari 42. fireworks lit up the desert night and sparks glowed from under the cars , but nothing shone brighter in the bahrain grand prix than the luminous talent of lewis hamilton. such is his form at the start of the season that we could easily mistake the extraordinary for the routine. the hard facts are that hamilton 's third win in four races extends his lead in the championship to 27
louis smith is man of many talents. a medal-winning olympic gymnast of course ... and even a strictly come dancing champion. however , it appears the athlete , 25 , is gaining expertise in an area previously dominated by queen of the ` belfie ' , kim kardashian. yes , louis smith , mbe , is now also very good at exciting his fans with selfies. topless selfies , where we 're treated to a view of his rippling muscles in full flexed action , to be more specific. if you 've got it , flaunt it : former olympic gymnast , louis smith , is constantly sharing images of his honed torso with
it 's that time of the season when premier league footballers cast their vote for the pfa players ' player of the year. last year 's winner luis suarez now resides in spain , so , too , does 2013 victor gareth bale. it means we 're almost certain to see a new name on the trophy come may. here , sportsmail runs you through the six leading contenders ... name : harry kane. club : tottenham. age : 21. stats : apps 44 , goals 29. striker harry kane has hit an astonishing 29 goals in 44 games for tottenham so far
-lrb- cnn -rrb- tejano star selena , who died 20 years ago , is coming back in a big way : with a hologram-like figure. billboard reports that the singer 's family is creating a version of the singer that will be `` walking , talking , singing and dancing digital embodiment '' of her persona. `` by no means is this something that 's creepy or weird , '' her sister , suzette quintanilla , told billboard. `` we think it 's something amazing. a lot of the new fans that did not get to experience what selena was about hopefully will be able to get a sense of her with this new
sometimes strong-willed children can prove a challenge to parents , especially when it comes to doing what they 're told. and that 's certainly the case in one household , as a new video shows. little catalina from america was filmed emptying out the contents of the kitchen cabinets at home. but when her father tells her to clean up her mess , she vehemently refuses with a heated - and rather cute - argument ensuing. standing in a frilly skirt with her arms crossed , catalina answers back at her father in a bid to get him to do the cleaning. ' i already cleaned the kitchen
roaming. the word suggests travelling with a worry-free , devil-may-care attitude. but in the world of mobile phones , where roaming means using your device abroad , that approach is unwise. making calls , downloading emails and browsing the internet when in another country can result in very large bills. so how can you keep roaming costs down ? the best option is to be with mobile operator three. its customers can call and text uk numbers and use data in some countries at no extra cost to their uk price plans. three is the only operator to offer this arrangement , which it calls feel at home. three 's feel at home covers 18 destinations in europe , australia , the united states , asia and the middle east. in september 2013 , when three
it is still der klassiker - but not quite as we know it. the fierce rivalry between bayern munich and borussia dortmund has dominated german football for much of the past decade , reaching its crescendo when the two titans met in the 2013 champions league final at wembley. for a while , der klassiker represented the pinnacle of european football. briefly , it carried as much relevance on the continental stage as el clasico between barcelona and real madrid - maybe even more. pierre-emerick aubameyang of borussia dortmund looks dejected after robert lewandowski of bayern munich scored an equaliser during der klassiker between the teams at the allianz arena in november. arjen robben
-lrb- cnn -rrb- when bruce jenner told abc 's diane sawyer and the world on friday night that `` yes , for all intents and purposes , i 'm a woman , '' the declaration was n't particularly surprising. paparazzi have been stalking the former olympic champion for months , breathlessly documenting his increasingly feminine appearance down to his lip gloss , pierced ears and french manicure. the social media reaction ? a cheer , a shrug -- and not much else. except the occasional prod at jenner also being republican. of course , jenner 's family owned the moment , being the reality
the u.s. put the first man on the moon , but in a strange twist of history it appears the russians may have beat america in settling oregon. experts proposed this new theory in a recently released 200-page report on the molalla log cabin , a structure they believe could have been built as early as 1795 - ten years before lewis and clark reached the pacific ocean. historic building repairer gregg olson and architectural historian pam hayden have been analyzing the log cabin for seven years and say it is unlike anything else found in oregon. secrets hidden in wood : experts believe the molalla log house -lrb- above -rrb- was constructed as early as 1795 - a decade before lewis and clark reached the pacific ocean. one of a kind : the construction of the log cabin is
an unknown englishman playing in his first pga tour event will have the chance to complete an unbelievable fairytale at the shell houston open on sunday and earn the most unlikely invitation to the masters. surrey-born kelvin day has only played a handful of events on the subsidiary circuit , the web.com tour but decided to enter qualifying for the houston event. this is a real 36 hole lottery where 131 players were fighting for the final four spots. with two excellent rounds of 64 , the 27-year-old finished tied first to earn his place -- and how he has taken advantage. it was a decent achievement in itself to make the
it is not often you hear this said but the goalkeeper really should have scored. deep in injury time , with blackburn 's fa cup journey about to end , simon eastwood appeared for a corner and found the ball at his feet as it dropped from a jumble of players 12 yards out. eastwood , oddly , had time and , even more strangely given the melee in the area , he had space , too. he had the whole goal to aim at. he should have scored. as it happened , his right-foot shot on the turn was struck well enough but
it is legendary now that when the spanish national team was coming to the boil and about to scald world football for six years , la roja 's own fans did n't even know the water was hot. because they left spanish soil having eked out two single-goal wins , over peru and the usa , the booing , whistling and jeering which had pursued them around the peninsula for two years was the last thing they heard before heading off to win euro 2008. three trophies later , the senior team is finally in search of a reboot. the identity has been eroded by the passage of time. the transition from excellent to elderly is never fun. spain lift
the crucible curse will be one weight on the mind of mark selby on saturday , but the mercurial talents of a debutant capable of ` absolutely murdering anybody ' will be another altogether. the world champion will have to negotiate both if he is to make history in sheffield. it is one of the quirks of this venue that no first-time winner has retained his title the next year. while that statistical curiosity has added an element of pressure to selby , so too has the presence of kurt maflin , one of four men making their first appearance in
police in surrey are hunting two raiders who stripped off their tops during the hottest day of the year before holding up an esso petrol station. the men , who were both in their 20s ,. these bare-chested men had stripped off before raiding a petrol station on the hottest day of the years so far and were caught on camera. police in surrey have released cctv of the two raiders who stripped-off their shirts before attempting to rob the esso filling station in town end caterham , surrey early last wednesday evening. the men forced their way into the manager 's office of the
amir khan has gone face to face with adrien broner ahead of a possible summer fight against the former lightweight world champion. khan is expected to announce his next opponent imminently , with british rival kell brook set to feature on his agenda for a wembley blockbuster next year. amir khan appears on the screen as adrien broner urges him to make their fight happen on facetime. broner says , ` let 's get this money ' , in the short video of their conversation posted on instagram. khan has n't fought since his win over devon alexander in december and has struggled to
jose mourinho resisted the temptation until someone mentioned defending. arsene wenger had been talking about how it was easier to set up a team designed primarily to defend , just as brendan rodgers had ventured after chelsea 's victory at liverpool , last year. ` it 's not easy , not easy , ' said mourinho. ` if it was easy , you would n't lose 3-1 at home to monaco. if he defends well he draws 0-0 against monaco and wins in monte carlo. it 's not easy to defend. ' jose mourinho hit back at arsene wenger during his pre-match press conference on friday. arsene wenger -lrb- left -rrb- and mourinho have over a decade
a. alfred taubman , the self-made michigan billionaire whose philanthropy and business success -- including weaving the enclosed shopping mall into american culture -- was clouded by a criminal conviction late in his career , has died aged 91. taubman , who donated hundreds of millions of dollars to universities , hospitals and museums , died friday night at his home of a heart attack , according to son robert s. taubman , president and ceo of taubman centers , inc.. ` this company and all that you stand for were among the greatest joys of his life , ' robert s. taubman wrote in
robert kennedy jr has apologized for describing the number of children injured by vaccines as ' a holocaust '. the nephew of president john f kennedy used the term last week during the screening of a film that links autism to a chemical found in several childhood vaccinations - despite evidence to the contrary. on monday , following a storm of criticism , he publicly retracted his statement. back track : robert kennedy jr has apologized for comparing vaccinated children to holocaust victims. kennedy said he had been struggling for a way to convey the effects of autism on children and their families. ' i want to apologize to all whom i offended by my use of the
chameleons are known for their ability to change colours and blend in , but these two had no trouble spotting each other 's ambitions in a fierce battle for a female mate. footage of the brief contest was captured on a property near the amber mountain national park on the northern edge of madagascar. it shows the males sizing each other up before one is forced to retreat following a violent battle for the attention of a female chameleon that is n't seen in the video. the more aggressive of the two -lrb- right -rrb- chases his rival out of the tree and along a concrete
the south korean government paid an eye-watering # 2.4 million to the makers of the new avengers movie to ensure the country is shown in a positive light , it has emerged. much of the comic book film , avengers : age of ultron , was shot in seoul and the country 's culture ministry agreed to cover a third of filming costs in the city on the agreement the republic of korea is shown as ` high tech ' and ` modern '. the use of public funds in what appears to be an extreme case of product placement has been criticised by south koreans - as officials are having to wait with the rest of the world
-lrb- cnn -rrb- i would have done anything to get to europe. it was worth the risk , the bad treatment and the fear , hard as that may be to believe. simply put , i have a better life now than i did before. but my journey across the mediterranean , like those of thousands of other migrants , was n't easy. here 's my story. it all started late last year when i lost my job in dubai. my work visa had expired , and i had nowhere else to go. i 'm syrian , and returning to syria was n't an option -- going back means you either have to kill or be killed. but syrians do n't
the last two weeks have showcased all that is best about lewis hamilton. he has driven supremely well , gaining the congratulations of the man he hopes to emulate as a triple world champion , sir jackie stewart. but seeing the two men on the podium -- one as the winner of the bahrain grand prix , the other conducting the post-race interviews -- was a reminder of what differentiates them as individuals as well as what binds them together as exceptional grand prix drivers. hamilton could do considerably worse than learn a few things from and about sir jackie. lewis
standing in a public shower cubicle with my screaming 15-month-old son , i was starting to wonder whether i truly was a keycamp type of person. my hazy memories of similar family holidays as a child were of slow days spent on pine-scented campsites , punctuated by trips to sun-soaked beaches. but here i was , a fully-fledged father , some quarter of a century later wondering what had gone wrong. our journey to argeles-sur-mer on france 's mediterranean coast went without a hitch , despite being in the minority of travellers flying , then hiring a car , rather than driving all the
ahead of this weekend 's premier league action , sportsmail will be providing you with all you need to know about every fixture , with team news , provisional squads , betting odds and opta stats. here is all the information you need for arsenal 's home clash with liverpool ... arsenal vs liverpool -lrb- emirates stadium -rrb-. team news. arsenal. arsenal forward danny welbeck will face a fitness test on the knee injury picked up during international duty with england ahead of saturday 's barclays premier league clash against liverpool. club captain mikel arteta , full-back mathieu debuchy , midfielders abou diaby and jack wilshere all stepped up their rehabilitation in a friendly match on tuesday , so will
he has shown himself to be quite a philanthropist. and leonardo dicaprio is planning to improve the ecosystem of an entire island in his latest crusade as an environmental activist. the 40-year-old actor is launching a project that will transform a small island off the coast of belize into an eco-resort and conservation area. according to a friday report from the new york times , the wolf of wall street star , along with a partner , purchased the 104-acre blackadore caye nearly a decade ago for $ 1.75 million. but he recently teamed up with paul scialla , the chief executive of new york development firm delos , to create the
the nypd detective caught on video screaming at an uber driver has apologized in a televised interview. detective patrick cherry was stripped of his shield and gun and will be placed on administrative duty following the outburst which was viewed more than three million times on youtube. reacting to the mass outcry , cherry appears on nbc 4 new york on friday night to say : ' i apologize. i sincerely apologize. ' he adds : ` people should n't be treated that way. i let my emotions get the better of me and i was angry. ` my intention was to be courteous and then we
former rangers manager walter smith has praised stuart mccall for making an impact at ibrox - but he maintains ally mccoist was given little chance of succeeding. mccall has put rangers in the driving seat for second place in the scottish championship and a place in the semi-finals of the play-offs after taking over from reluctant caretaker kenny mcdowall. mccoist was put on gardening leave just before christmas after handing in his notice following three-and-a-half difficult seasons in charge under the chaotic reigns of the likes of craig whyte and then charles green and his allies. but his failure to win a cup competition and his team 's style of play drew serious criticism. walter smith -lrb-
authorities have said an underground electrical fire is blamed for a explosion that sent a manhole cover flying more than 200 feet above a buffalo street in a blast that was captured by a television news photographer. the fire began around 11:30 a.m. sunday on tupper street in downtown buffalo , wgrz reported. police evacuated two buildings as smoke came out of manholes , according to the television station. interview : this man was speaking to a local news station when the second of three explosions sent a manhole cover flying more than 200 feet above a buffalo street. close encounter : the cover flew high into the air as the man yelled ` heads-up ! ' several times. a buffalo fire department official
relief : chrystie crownover told gma on monday that she watched her ex-husband , bruce jenner 's dramatic abc diane sawyer interview with the olympic athlete and their children. bruce jenner 's first wife has shared the emotional moment her ex-husband told her he wanted to be a woman and how she kept his secret for 43-years. speaking to gma in a tearful interview , chrystie crownover , the daughter of a mormon minister , told how the olympic champion first opened up to her when they married in 1972. ' i cant remember the exact words because it was such a shock to me ,
a photograph has been snapped of a man-sized kangaroo flexing his massive guns while hugging a soft toy bunny. roger , an alpha male at the alice springs kangaroo sanctuary in the northern territory , was gifted his new friend by a fan. sanctuary manager chris barnes said the kangaroo quickly became attached to the bunny , but soon tired of it. alpha kangaroo roger cuddles up to his new soft toy bunny while showing off his massive guns. ` roger received the bunny from a fan. i thought roger would probably like to play with his soft toy , ' mr barnes
posters promoting a ` straight pride ' week at a northeast ohio university were removed this week after student leaders determined that the message went beyond free speech. youngstown state university student government leaders said they decided to remove the posters , which were hung on around campus earlier this week , after consulting with university officials. the posters included profanity and promoted the event as a time to not highlight sexual orientation or differences among students. posters promoting a ` straight pride ' week were removed from campus after student leaders said that they went ` way further than a free speech issue ' they encouraged students to
wisconsin 's frank kaminsky has brushed off the obsenity and racial slur that kentucky guard andrew harrison directed at him during a postgame news conference at the final four. harrison muttered ` f *** that n **** ' into a live microphone when another player was asked a question about kaminsky after kentucky lost 71-64 to the badgers saturday. the loss ruined the wildcats ' undefeated season ; they finished 38-1. harrison has since apologized for his comment. ` he reached out to me , we talked about it , -lsb- i 'm -rsb- over it , ' kaminsky told reporters saturday. ` nothing needs to be made out of it. ' scroll
four genuine european heavyweights remain in the champions league , a quartet steeped in history and silverware. between real madrid , bayern munich , barcelona and juventus , the big-eared trophy has been lifted 21 times. any of those clubs would be deserving finalists in the olympiastadion in berlin on june 6. but for tension , intrigue , and the potential for high drama , the match-up that most appeals has to be real madrid versus barcelona. javier hernandez 's late winner against atletico madrid sent real madrid into the champions league semis. neymar scored both goals in the second leg as barcelona beat paris saint-germain 5-1 on aggregate. transporting el clasico to east germany would bring a defining chapter to a myriad narratives , raising europe 's grandest derby
a missouri family has bee reunited 49 years after a mother was falsely told her daughter had died at the hospital just hours after being born. for the first time , zella jackson price , 76 , and melanie diane gilmore , 49 , met in-person at price 's olivette home. when price gave birth at homer g. phillips hospital so many years ago , she was told shortly after delivery that the infant had died. but gilmore was alive and for an unknown reason adopted by another family. scroll down for video. zella jackson price -lrb- pictured -rrb- , 76 ,
sweeping is a tedious task but now a new ` smart bin ' could help save you from all that bending down with a dust pan. the bruno smartcan is said to be the first internet connected combined kitchen bin and vacuum cleaner. using sensors on the front of the bin , it is able to sense when dust and debris from the kitchen floor is swept towards it with a brush , turning on a vacuum to suck up the offending mess. the bruno smartcan -lrb- pictured -rrb- uses sensors to detect when you want the lid to open or when dirt has been swept close so it can activate its integrated vacuum. it also has an integrated bag store and charging cord. bruno comes with an integrated bag dispenser that additionally sends alerts
canadian actor jonathan crombie died on wednesday night in new york after suffering a brain hemorrhage. he was 48 ears old. anne of green gables actor jonathan crombie died of a brain hemorrhage , aged 48. the actor is best known for his role as gilbert blythe in the canadian television drama film anne of green gables and two sequels. toronto-born crombie died on wednesday in new york , his sister carrie crombie told cbc on saturday. ` he was funny , he was sweet , he loved acting , he loved comedy and singing and dancing. as a little kid , he just loved broadway shows and all of that kind of stuff and would sing
there 's nothing better than a succulent steak , sizzling from the hot plate , charred to perfection on the outside , bursting with juices within. people often get it wrong when cooking this cut of meat and end up with an overdone dish that 's bone dry , grey-hued and distinctly unappetising. so what is the best way to cook the perfect steak ? do you season before or after ? oil the pan or the meat ? and what are the best cuts ? scroll down for video. speak to your butcher when you 're shopping for a perfect steak and pay a little bit extra for the best meat. allow your meat to come to room temperature before you start cooking , mr
an alopecia sufferer left with no body hair or fingernails is calling for the medical tattooing that changed her life to be made available on the nhs. brenda finn , 30 , says losing her hair at the age of 14 destroyed her confidence. she was also left suffering crippling anxiety and depression after bullying forced her to leave school. but now , after her family paid for her to have eyebrows tattooed on , she says she is finally able to face the world with more confidence. however she says having the procedure earlier would have made a huge difference to her life. scroll down for video. brenda finn , 30 , became
we have all been there. wanting to get online but just out of wifi coverage. however in central china , mother nature recently appeared to lend a helping hand by giving locals what could be the world 's largest ` wi-fi cloud '. a cloud formation resembling the wi-fi symbol appeared recently in the sky of xiangtan city in hunan province , the people 's daily online reports. god 's router ? a cloud formation resembling the wi-fi symbol appeared in central china last week. the global wi-fi symbol has one dot and three curved lines radiating from it. shi chao , a student at the hunan university of science and technology , saw the cloud - which appeared to perfectly mimick the global
a glamour model who showcases her curves in glossy magazines around the world has a new thrill-inducing hobby - freestyle skydiving. anais zanotti , 30 , who lives in miami , first became interested in the high-flying sport when a friend recommended it to her. now the brunette , who has modelled for playboy , gq , esquire and maxim and has 35 cover shoots under her belt , is a pro who teaches other adrenaline junkies how to jump from a plane , thousands of feet in the air. scroll down for video. anais zanotti strikes a pose , combining her two jobs : bikini modelling and skydiving. the st tropez-born model moved to the us to become
-lrb- the hollywood reporter -rrb- stan freberg , whose freewheeling comic career in advertising garnered him worldwide acclaim and whose satirical entertainments abounded on tv , the radio and on records , has died. he was 88. freberg died of natural causes at a santa monica hospital , his son and daughter , donavan and donna freberg , confirmed to the hollywood reporter. `` he was and will always be my hero , and i will carry his brilliant legacy forward as best i am able , '' his son wrote on facebook. the godfather of humorous and irreverent commercials , freberg lampooned cultural institutions and described himself as a `` guerilla
an english photographer has traveled all over the world - and along the way created stunning panoramic images using a film camera. john chapple has captured all types of landscapes , including grassy fields in england , major us cities , and sandy beaches in australia. chapple , originally from north devon , first worked as a news and show business photographer before he got into landscape photography , his website says. scroll down for video. quite the view ! photographer john chapple captured this shot of the santa monica pier in santa monica , california. escape : water pours down a grassy california hillside in this
liverpool are showing interest in borussia dortmund striker ciro immobile. the italy international has not had the best of times in the bundesliga following his move from torino last summer and dortmund are willing to sell. immobile fits the profile of player liverpool want. he has pace and is a busy forward who can chase down the opposition. his goals ratio has dropped at dortmund but he has still managed nine goals in a troubled season for the team. ciro immobile -lrb- left -rrb- of dortmund has struggled in germany and is wanted by liverpool to boost their attack. immobile -lrb- left -rrb- was signed by
it is matches like this that makes one wonder just how good gael monfils could have been ; and perhaps how good he still can be. the frenchman is sometimes fantastic , often frustrating and always flamboyant but he brought all the good parts of his game to bear as he knocked roger federer out of the monte carlo masters 6-4 , 7-6 in a thrilling last-16 encounter. monfils displayed the breathtaking athleticism that can make novak djokovic look sluggish and the shotmaking that can make andy murray seem conventional. but the 28-year-old also played with focus and commitment , two attributes which can sometimes
anyone who has seen the lion king will surely agree that it contains one of the most tear-jerking scenes in all of disney history. and for one little girl , whose crestfallen reaction as she witnessed it for the first time was captured on camera by her father , it proved almost too much to bear. shot by adoring dad , called barles charkley on the site , who is based in baltimore , maryland , the video stars his toddler daughter viktoria , as she comes to terms with the tragedy that is the death of simba the lion 's father , mufasa. tear-jerker :
hull , leicester and swansea city are following poland international winger maciej rybus. stan ternent , hull 's chief scout has watched the 25-year-old playing for russian side terek grozny. he has one year left on his current deal and has a get-out clause for # 3.2 million. poland international maciej rybus -lrb- right -rrb- is being followed by hull , leicester and swansea. rybus impressed during poland 's 1-1 draw with republic of ireland last month. the former legia warsaw player made his debut for his country in franciszek smuda 's first match in charge , a friendly versus romania in november 2009 , but has been used predominately as a substitute.
ronny deila insists celtic will not risk their champions league aspirations by embarking on another gruelling pre-season travel schedule. the norwegian blamed last summer 's money-spinning programme of games in the united states , austria , germany for a damaging 4-1 qualifying defeat to legia warsaw. celtic command lucrative fees for pre-season commitments and have also taken on trips to australia and the far east in recent seasons. ronny deila and nir bitton walk off the pitch after losing to legia warsaw in champions league qualifying. a return to america for this july has not yet been ruled out. with # 16million on offer just for returning to the champions league group stages , however , deila says he has the
new delhi , india -lrb- cnn -rrb- as the earth shook in nepal , tremors were felt over the border in india as well. it was a call to action : within hours of the first 7.8 magnitude quake , india began planning a massive cross-border aid mission. with each hour , the scale of the devastation in nepal became clearer -- some 3,862 people are known to have died so far -- and plans in india , where 72 people were also killed , got bigger. on sunday alone , india delivered 187 tons of supplies , including 50 tons of water , 22 tons of food and 2 tons of medicine. and there will be
pope francis is presiding over a good friday torchlight procession at the colosseum this evening - and is using the service to stress the persecution of christians. the pope has repeatedly lamented christian suffering in the middle east , africa and elsewhere. reflecting this concern , among those chosen to take turns carrying the cross in the way of the cross procession in the ancient arena were faithful from iraq , syria , nigeria , egypt and china. thousands of people congregate outside the colosseum for tonight 's way of the cross procession. pope francis prays in front of the colosseum during the via crucis -lrb- way of the cross -rrb- torchlight procession. a
atlanta -lrb- cnn -rrb- `` do you use toilet paper ? '' that 's the question 26-year-old anamarie shreeves receives most often. it 's not exactly a typical question , but shreeves , who lives in atlanta and is the site manager for the nonprofit keep atlanta beautiful , lives what some may consider an atypical lifestyle : she creates almost no waste. the list of things she does n't use would send shivers up a consumer marketer 's spine : no plastic packaging , no new clothing , no metal cans , no cars -lrb- and in turn , no gas -rrb-. the small amount of waste shreeves does create goes straight into a 32-ounce mason jar that sits three-quarters full right
-lrb- cnn -rrb- criminal justice reform is rapidly becoming one of the few bipartisan issues of our time. it 's about time. america has the highest incarceration rate in the world , with 5 % of the world 's population and 25 % of its prisoners. nearly 2 1/2 million americans are in prison. over 65 million people , or 20 % of the country , have criminal records. most disturbingly , nearly 40 % of our country 's prisoners are african-americans , who only make up 13 % of the general population. it 's time for policymakers to address this criminal justice crisis head on. we must change the dismal
she has already taken the modelling world by storm , being snapped up to front campaigns for the upside , myer , berlei and asos , to name a few. and now like megan gale , jennifer hawkins and elle macpherson before her , plus-size queen laura wells has turned her hand to designing. the brunette bombshell has launched a new swimwear line with a twist - the eco-friendly collection is made entirely of 100 per cent recycled material. scroll down for video. curves to coral : model and environmental scientist laura wells uses figure to flaunt ocean inspired swimwear. sizzling : the australian beauty smoulders in the campaign. the environmental scientist turned model designed the line in collaboration with us
when lane smith passed away in a freak accident last july , he left behind his heavily-pregnant girlfriend and their unborn son. but now , nearly eight months after his passing , the young oklahoma family has been reunited in their first ever family portrait , thanks to some clever photoshopping by a local photographer. kayli henley was snapping pictures of six-month-old taos and his 20-year-old mother , sierra sharry , when the young mom asked the photographer if she could make their family complete. so henley took a photograph of smith from the family and , with a ghostly filter , fitted the image around his girlfriend and son , as if he were standing over them.
aaron lennon has finally found something to smile about but roberto martinez carried the frown of a man down on his luck as he headed for the bus home. that 's not to say this was a bad day for everton. they have had plenty of those in this long season over land and sea and could yet finish in the lower half of the premier league for the first time since 2006. but this one frustrated the spaniard. his side have found a degree of freedom since their european travels came to an end and in winning three on the trot they started to resemble the side that blitzed their way through
-lrb- cnn -rrb- rebekah gregory blinked back tears as she thought about the verdict. it had been almost two years since dzhokhar tsarnaev and his brother planted bombs at the boston marathon , setting off deadly explosions that wounded her and hundreds of others. in court last month , she testified that one of the blasts on that day in 2013 left her lying in the street , staring at her own bones. now , jurors have found him guilty on all 30 counts he faced for the deadly bombings and their aftermath. but no verdict can ever totally make up for the pain , she said. `` i do n't believe that there will ever be justice brought to this , no mater if he does get the death penalty or he remains in prison for the rest of his life ,
-lrb- cnn -rrb- the public outrage over the `` religious freedom '' bills recently passed in arkansas and indiana caught the governors of those states completely off-guard , judging by their confused and contradictory responses. as poll watchers , they surely knew that most americans now oppose the discriminatory laws and practices they accepted as normal only a dozen years ago. but the politicians underestimated the pushback organized by local and national businesses , including companies with no previous record of public support for social equality. they had better adjust to a new reality. for the past three decades , socially conservative evangelicals and pro-business interests
the great british bake off presenter sue perkins is taking a break from twitter after men began sending her death threats in response to her becoming the bookmakers ' favourite to replace jeremy clarkson on top gear. last week , a flurry of bets placed on perkins , 45 , propelled her to the top spot for the now-vacant position , according to bookmakers coral. but announcing her departure from the social media site this morning , the popular tv personality tweeted : ` my timeline has been full of blokes wishing me dead ... this morning , someone suggested they 'd like to see me burn to death. ` all of which goes to say
paris in the spring is the time for lounging on blankets in a park while taking in the spectacular views , sipping on local wine and nibbling on a fresh baguette and ripe camembert. going from shop to shop to collect all of the essentials for a picnic can be a pain , so a made-to-order delivery service is making it easier for tourists to enjoy the french capital like a local. paris picnics saves its customers from the hassle of trawling through the marché by delivering a freshly-prepared lunch to wherever they are in the city. visitors or locals can select made-to-order picnic baskets filled with wine , baguettes , cheese and
south korean prosecutors on wednesday indicted a man who slashed the u.s. ambassador in seoul last month on charges of attempted murder. kim ki-jong , 55 , was also indicted wednesday on charges of assaulting a foreign envoy and obstruction , according to an official at the seoul central district prosecutors ' office , who did not want to be named , citing department rules. on monday , the recovering diplomat , mark lippert , was pictured out on the streets of seoul flanked by five bodyguards. his left hand is still in a cast from the attack. south korean law requires the trial to start within 14 days , and there is a possibility that it could start as early as next week , according to an official at the seoul central district court ,
not only does gareth bale definitely want to stay at real madrid beyond the end of this season but he is determined to win over some of the hardest to please supporters in football and become the best player in the world. sportsmail can reveal that is the unswerving message from the world 's most expensive player. and it is one that is not set to change regardless of how persistent the rumours of a possible switch to manchester united become. bale is injured and out of wednesday 's euroderby ii showdown with atletico madrid. carlo ancelotti has already gone on record as to just how important he believes the welshman is to real madrid. gareth bale is
it was one of the greatest tv series ever made , and changed the way we view our planet and the life on it. now , the sweeping documentary series ` planet earth ' is getting a sequel. the filmmakers said they plan to use the latest digital camera technology as they venture from the planet 's ice caps to ocean depths to deserts and remote forests. scroll down for video of the original planet earth. this photo provided by netflix and wwf-international shows an aerial view of hardy reef , home to the heart reef , in the great barrier reef , australia , an
what the nation needs is more geniuses. so said robert streeter and robert hoehn , two self-styled intelligence experts in the thirties , who set out to discover clever people by publishing a book posing devilishly difficult brain-teasers for members of the general public. now their book has been republished and here we offer you a selection of its tortuous tests -- so you can discover if you are a genius ... a book designed to discover clever people in the 1930s has been republished and is full of tricky questions and brain-teasers. the answers can be found at the bottom of
two hitmen associates of a ` freddy krueger ' killer who tried to gun down a rival during london 's bloodiest gang feud have been jailed for a total of 44 years today. christopher annan , 24 , and tyrone wright , 20 , took part in a gun attack on tottenham turks gang member inan eren. the 35-year-old victim , who survived , was ambushed as he arrived home on the evening of 30 december 2012 , shot three times in the arm , stomach and buttock. the attack was led by hitman jamie marsh-smith , 23 , a fearsome hired gun who had earned the nickname ` freddy ' after the
while pounding on the treadmill day in and day out may work for some people , for others it is a torturous task that makes exercise nearly impossible to enjoy , let alone commit to. enter ` retrosweat '. founded by former nida graduate shannon dooley , 30 , the aerobics classes with a twist are all about ` making fitness fabulous '. described as ` freestyle aerobic workout , ' retrosweat is inspired by the era of old-school vhs workouts made famous by jane fonda , and involves choreography to match the eighties soundtrack. scroll down for video. getting physical : shannon dooley has founded ` retrosweat ' - an eighties-inspired aerobics class in the style of jane
a nebraska man has found an innovative way to make his craigslist ad stand out by shooting a commercial for the car he is trying to sell. django greenblatt-seay , 33 , said he decided to make the video for the 2002 ford taurus , which he is selling for $ 3,000 , because he thought it would help spike people 's interest. ` while the 2002 ford taurus is a fine car , it 's not exactly exciting with just a couple of photos on craigslist on its own , ' he told the daily mail online. ' i thought i would add a little flair to it
pope francis has angered the turkish government by describing the mass-murders of up to 1.5 million armenians in 1915 as ` the first. genocide of the 20th century '. the pontiff made the comments at a 100th anniversary mass on. sunday , prompting turkey to summon the holy see 's ambassador in. ankara in protest. turkey told the vatican ambassador it was ` deeply sorry and disappointed ' in pope francis , adding that his comments had caused a ` problem of trust '. scroll down for video. turkey said pope francis has caused a ` problem of trust ' after
in the summer of 2014 she started noticing some symptoms such as fatigue and shortness of breath , but did n't know what was plaguing her. so avril lavigne started visiting specialists , but no one could help her out. ' i was up against a lot of doctors that told me i was crazy and that my problems did n't exist , ' the 30-year-old singer told abc news on thursday. turns out the complicated hit maker was suffering from lyme disease , which yolanda foster of the real housewives of beverly hills and eighties pop icon debbie gibson also have. struggling : avril lavigne told
this is the moment that a crew of firefighters struggled to haul a giant pig out of a garden swimming pool. the prize porker , known as pigwig , had fallen into the pool in an upmarket neighbourhood in ringwood , hampshire. his owners had been taking him for a walk around the garden when the animal plunged into the water and was unable to get out. a team from dorset fire and rescue struggled to haul the huge black pig out of swimming pool water. the prize porker known as pigwig had fallen into the water and had then been unable to get out again. two fire crews and a specialist animal rescue
sometimes life imitates art , but apparently not when it comes to the central intelligence agency. current and former female agents spoke out to the new york times on sunday to renounce depictions of cia women on tv shows and in movies. the group of women say they are nothing like the honey-pots on these shows who use their sexuality to ensnare terrorists and drown ptsd with booze and pills. retired cia officer sandra grimes , 69 , who helped expose her colleague aldrich ames as a russian double agent , says she sees nothing of herself in the characters at the center of shows like state of affairs and homeland.
manny pacquiao has promoted a range of t-shirts commemorating his impending bout with floyd mayweather in las vegas on may 2. he uploaded a picture to instagram of one the shirts , named ` fight gear ' on the website selling the merchandise , which is black and has ` the fight of the century , mayweather vs pacquiao ' with a picture of the filipino boxer across it. pacquiao wrote ` get your fight shirts now at maypacgear.com , ' alongside the t-shirt that features him glaring out of the centre. manny pacquiao uploaded a picture of one of the shirts made ahead
the philippine army has released new photographs of chinese construction work in disputed waters in the south china sea as it launched giant war games with the united states involving 11,500 personnel that were partly aimed at warning china. the philippines voiced alarm about chinese ` aggressiveness ' in the area as it launched the balikatan 2015 joint philippines and us military exercises. philippine president benigno. aquino is set to ask southeast asian leaders to issue a collective. statement denouncing the reclamation activities. he said recently that china 's actions in the region could lead to military conflict. the aerial images show intense recent chinese construction over seven reefs and shoals in the
the wi has been told it must pay the royal albert hall thousands of pounds if it wants to serve the cakes to 5,000 women attending centenary celebrations at the venue in june. it 's been a gargantuan undertaking , even by the formidable standards of the women 's institute. for days on end , two of its members slaved away baking enough cakes to feed 5,000 women attending the wi 's centenary celebrations at the royal albert hall in june. but the wi has now been told it must pay the venue thousands of pounds to serve the cakes. ` it 's outrageous
a home video of a six-year-old boy taking his morning pills to treat cystic fibrosis has had more than one million hits in just a week -- with no sign of global interest waning. the footage of jesse o'brien was taken by his mother heidi , 37 , to encourage the brave youngster to take the vast volume of drugs he has to consume every single day to battle his terminal illness. ` i 've always wanted to be famous so this is just brilliant , ' says jesse , from kesgrave , suffolk , who is seen taking nine out of his daily dose of 45 pills. scroll down for video. jesse o'brien , pictured with his mother
a new york man was indicted wednesday on multiple charges after allegedly strangling a relative 's dog and bragging about it afterward. police say edward nudel , 41 , of staten island broke into his relative 's home on march 11 and strangled a 2-year-old pomeranian named lola ` in an especially depraved and sadistic manner , ' silive reports. nudel and the relative reportedly had an argument and , after strangling the dog , he called the relative and said ' i killed lola. ' bragging : edward nudel , 41 -lrb- photographed -rrb- , was indicted wednesday on multiple charges after allegedly strangling a relative 's dog and bragging about it afterward. police were called and arrived at nudel 's bay
-lrb- cnn -rrb- the idea of sustainable development is that raw capitalism is far too powerful for its own good. global capitalism is a juggernaut , with the world economy now doubling in size every generation. yet on a finite earth , with a billion new people being added every 15 years , that juggernaut is now laying siege to the physical bases of life and the social support systems that make life pleasant and decent. sustainable development offers a path out of this growing crisis. the reality is that raw capitalism is the economics of greed. unleash greed , the theory goes , and type-a personalities around the world will spend inordinate energy to
a california homeowners ' surveillance video captured footage of three burglars who broke into their house , including one who stared directly at the camera. in the video , released by the los angeles police department , two men and one woman can be seen entering a san fernando valley home in the mid-afternoon. the burglars get into the house through the kitchen , peeking and even tip-toeing around as they walk through the living room of the empty home and disappear into what seems to be a hallway. say cheese ! this young burglar stared right into a security camera and he and two pals robbed a home in los angeles -
a new york city skin clinic 's popular new laser treatment promises to tighten skin and improve complexion - if clients are brave enough to sign a waiver releasing their personal information to a funeral director and a coroner first. manhattan-based skin laundry says that after just ten minutes , their light and laser procedure will leave your skin ` glowing ' , while also promising that long-term use will reduce wrinkles , clear acne , and minimize scarring. with these claims , the quickie treatment seems perfect on paper - unless that paper is in the mandatory eight-page contract that one client told the new york post was like ' a
somehow , to the backdrop of supporter unrest , protests and a worst-ever start to a premier league season , alan pardew managed to excavate five straight victories from a newcastle side which ranks as their most uninspiring of recent years. many fans may be loath to admit as much -- others readily do -- but without that freakish run manufactured by an embattled pardew , they would be headed for a second relegation in seven seasons. remove those five wins and united would have just 20 points -- the autumn run , then , has saved them from the fall. alan pardew 's five-game winning run was crucial to newcastle 's season , who
when a rubber dinghy carrying around 100 african refugees across the mediterranean began to sink , a nigerian christian prayed for his life in an innocent act that would end in the deaths of 12 fellow migrants. one of the muslims on board the rickety craft ordered him to stop , saying : ` here , we only pray to allah. ' when he refused , a violent fight ensued and 12 christians drowned when they were thrown overboard by the muslim refugees. the tragic news comes amid reports that an unprecedented 10,000 refugees fleeing war and persecution in africa have been rescued by italian ships in the past week. scroll down for videos. desperate : nigerian muslims on a dinghy carrying
wedding season is fast upon us , but with the average cost of the big day hitting # 25,000 , thrifty brides are on the hunt for ways to budget. but how do you create a stunning wedding venue without breaking the bank , or wow your guests with a gourmet meal sans the staggering price tag ? from scrimping on bar costs to avoiding hefty food bills , femail has compiled the best budgeting tips for brides-to-be. scroll down for video. wedding season is upon us and for brides on a budget , there 's plenty of ways to save
in february , when lady gaga went on stage at the oscars , millions of viewers in more than 200 countries saw her perform a tribute to the sound of music to mark its 50th anniversary. in los angeles there was a standing ovation when the original star , julie andrews , came on stage. however , one country was left baffled : austria , where the movie was set and filmed. ` we did n't really know what was going on , ' said one austrian i know. each year , 300,000 people come to salzburg to soak up the magic and visit the
a man tore a tendon in his thumb after playing candy crush on his phone for weeks -- and did n't even realise he was injured. the 29-year-old , who lived in california , had been playing the game all day for six to eight weeks as he had just left the military and was in between jobs. he tore the tendon , an injury which is normally quite painful , but reported he felt nothing at all. doctors who treated him said his case shows video games can numb people 's pain and this might be why some people play them excessively , and why some people become addicted or become injured while playing. a man tore a tendon in his
a pregnant mother with a rare form of dwarfism has revealed the physical challenges of raising her three-year-old son - who is more than half her size - while preparing for the arrival of her second child. tiffanie didonato , from swansboro , north carolina , was born with diastrophic dysplasia and underwent numerous limb-lengthening surgeries as a child so she would grow to be 4 '10 tall , instead of her previous height of 3 ' 8 , which is how tall her son titan currently is. but even with the additional inches , parenting a rambunctious toddler can be difficult for the 34-year-old mom who has certain physical limitations , and often has to use crutches , or sometimes a wheelchair , in addition to being three months pregnant.
a 1921 application form to join the racist ku klux klan organisation has emerged , which asks ` are you of the white race or of a colored race ? ' the form asks a further 19 questions ranging from the mundane , such as ` what is your age ? ' , to the overtly sinister -- ` do you believe in white supremacy ? ' at the top is an introduction implying that it is intended to be sent out to people whose friends have identified them as suitable recruits. scroll down for video. a 1921 application form to join the racist ku klux klan organisation has emerged. the form was purchased at an ephemera show -- where collectibles are
probably the most extraordinary thing about the island of st helena is that it was ever found at all. a tiny ten by six mile speck in the south atlantic 1,200 miles from the coast of west africa , it lay undiscovered for around 14 million years able to evolve its own unique flora and fauna untouched by the outside world. but almost from the moment portuguese explorer juan de nova was blown there by the trade winds in 1502 it assumed an importance out of all proportion to its size. jamestown is the capital of the south atlantic island of saint helena , discovered by in 1502 by juan de nova. it was a key stopping place for the
hillary clinton embraced the federal recognition of same-sex marriage today , saying through a spokesperson she believes it should be a ` constitutional right. ' the former obama administration official endorsed gay marriage in 2013 after she left the state department , saying she ` was fully in support of gay marriage and that it is now continuing to proceed state-by-state. ' and in a terse interview with npr last year in which she declined to go into detail about her views on the topic , she repeated that position. now a presidential candidate , clinton today gave same-sex marriage her complete backing ahead of the presentation later this month of
the front row at mercedes-benz fashion week australia were given an eyeful during the st george new generation show on thursday. models strut down the runway in delicate sheer creations by marriam seddiq , and a few stood out for being particularly eyebrow-raising. one model paraded in a completely see-through mesh dress that left little to the imagination. scroll down for video. cheeky : models give the front row an eyeful in sheer dresses and pants by marriam seddiq during the st george new generation show at mercedes-benz fashion week australia. leather and straps : a model at the raffles international showcase wore a dress by any step constructed of leather straps and buckles. another wore an unusual skirt and pants creation that appeared demure front-on , but as the
izaak gillen -lrb- above -rrb- , seven months , was taken to hospital on april 6 with a skull fracture while at his babysitter 's oregon city home. he was pronounced dead the next day. a seven-month-old boy 's death has been ruled a homicide after he suffered a skull fracture while in the care of his babysitter and later died. izaak gillen of oregon city was taken to randall children 's hospital on april 6 with the injury and was pronounced dead the next day , said oregon city police sgt. matthew paschall. detectives began investigating the circumstances surrounding the incident and concluded he was at the babysitter 's house when he sustained
when catherine gerhardt got her business of the ground , she chose to reach out to her competitors and ask them if they were interested in collaborating. while most ignored her offer , she did receive one response so nasty , that the thought of it still fires her up. ' i felt as though i had been punched in the gut , ' ms gerhardt told daily mail australia. after reaching out to competitors only to receive a nasty response , catherine gerhardt now uses her experiences to educate other adults and children on how to deal with online ` flamers ' she teaches the children to follow ice : ignore , communicate
ferguson , missouri -lrb- cnn -rrb-. -lsb- breaking news update at 11:45 p.m. et -rsb-. two african-americans -- ella jones and wesley bell -- were elected to the ferguson city council on tuesday , meaning three of the six council members are black. -lsb- previous story , published at 6:52 p.m. et -rsb-. the skies grew ominous and the radio crackled with warnings of flash floods. amid the rain , ferguson opened its polls at 6 a.m. for municipal elections that traditionally have drawn very few out to vote. but today was different. this was the first city election since white police officer darren wilson shot and killed unarmed black teenager
real madrid midfielder james rodriguez is ` worth his weight in gold ' after settling in seamlessly at the bernabeu this season. that 's the view of spanish newspaper marca , who focus on the impressive form of the colombian star since his # 60million move from monaco last summer. according to the madrid-based publication , los blancos have won 80 per cent of their games when rodriguez is in the side compared to just 58 per cent when he 's been missing. marca -lrb- left -rrb- say that james rodriguez is ` worth his weight in gold ' as as focus on cristiano ronaldo 's appeal. the 23-year-old is also described as ` the
-lrb- cnn -rrb- sen. elizabeth warren insists she 's not running for president. but her description of a 2016 `` dream '' presidential candidate sounds a lot like , well , her. warren , during an appearance friday on cnn 's `` new day , '' said she wanted to see someone willing to fight for the middle class and `` make washington work for families again. '' warren says she feels that washington functions well for special interest groups and the well-connected but leaves out the rest of the nation. '' -lrb- i 've -rrb- spent my whole life studying what 's happening to america 's middle class and watching year by year , one blow after another , '' she said. `` we live in an america now
scott dann was a fraction offside when he set up glenn murray for palace 's first goal -lrb- 2 -rrb- , but it would be harsh to put too much blame on assistant john brooks. he was spot on with two equally tight calls in the same move -- before dann got the ball -lrb- 1 -rrb- and for murray 's finish -lrb- 3 -rrb-.
rock hudson once called him his ` one true love , ' and now lee garlington is opening up about his three year relationship with the iconic hollywood actor - and the lengths they went to in order to keep his sexuality a secret. garlington says he was an extra on a movie set when he first decided to check out hudson , having heard rumors the star was gay , but had to wait an entire year until he heard from the star. ' i think he had me checked out , ' says garlington in an interview with people. scroll down for video. lee garlington is opening up about his secret gay relationship with hollywood
with rigorous grooming regimes and instagram filters , it seems that some celebrities are on a constant mission to stay forever young - and succeeding. but whether it 's through botched surgeries , poor lifestyles , stressful career lows or shattered relationships , certain stars have taken a quicker turn for the worst than their contemporaries. from child actors that swiftly deteriorated in the lime light or golden hollywood stars that have greyed with time , femail rounds up the celebrities that have aged terribly. lindsay lohan. lindsay lohan at the age of 18 in 2005 -lrb- left -rrb- and now at the age
dubai is renowned as the playground of the rich and famous. it is a melting pot of decadence in the middle east with year-round sunshine , some of the best hotels on the planet , and shopping opportunities to seriously damage the credit card. despite the restrictions of local religious laws , the champagne-fuelled party life has come to somewhat define dubai as a holiday destination. dubai : it 's still ` bling ' but the natural habitat of the mega-wealthy has a developing cultural underside. because of this , i have always regarded this uae state as the natural habitat for the types of mega-wealthy who like to splash
some tour guides will do anything for a good tip. in the australian outback , if you want to get up-close and personal with a mob of local emus , you need a guide who will get down and dirty ... apparently. in a video posted online by youtube user ratbag nomad , one man , referred to as australianwidefishingguide , shows tourists how it 's done. emus are notoriously curious flightless birds of australia. as the tour guide started peddling his legs slowly in the air , the mob of emus started coming closer. and closer. the video , filmed from a vehicle on an empty dirt road in the bush , shows the guide lying down on his back and kicking his legs
a liberal mayor who wrote a glowing reference for a convicted rapist asking for him to be spared jail is developing a program to teach young women about ` risky behaviour '. eastern sydney 's waverley mayor sally betts wrote a reference for luke lazarus ` out of loyalty to the family ' after he raped an 18-year-old woman in an alleyway outside his father 's soho nightclub , in sydney. now the controversial councillor is developing ' a new risky behaviour education program to try and help young women understand and better deal with being in vulnerable situations '. in an interview with the wentworth courier she referenced the behaviour of lazarus 's victim. the mayor of three years said : ` by the sheer fact of -lrb- the assault -rrb- happening at a nightclub and alcohol is involved , -lrb- means people are -rrb- open to the possibility
they are often an embarrassing topic that leaves many people unwilling to talk about them , let alone own up to having one. but analysis of popular search terms on google has revealed the areas around the world that seem to be most concerned with sexually transmitted diseases. by far , the most searched for term globally is hiv and aids , followed by herpes and then human papilloma virus -lrb- hpv -rrb- which can cause cervical cancer. the map above shows the countries in europe with the highest and second highest number of searches per capita for different sexually transmitted diseases. the data was gathered using google trends. in the uk
kathmandu , nepal -lrb- cnn -rrb- rescue crews and residents in nepal early sunday began the desperate search for survivors after a magnitude-7 .8 quake near the capital of kathmandu a day earlier flattened homes , buildings and temples , causing widespread damage across the region and killing more than 1,800 people. follow the latest coverage of nepal earthquake. whole streets and squares in the capital of more than 1 million people were covered in rubble. stunned residents stared at temples that were once part of their daily lives and now were reduced to nothing. locals and tourists ferreted through mounds of debris in
usain bolt walked into a small gym at the base of rio de janeiro 's mangueira favela on thursday , took three shots on the basketball court - at least one from 3-point range - and made all three. that bodes well for next year 's olympics , where the six-time gold-medal sprinter will try to add three more in rio. he won three in 2008 in beijing and three more in london in 2012. ` this will be my last olympics , but i am definitely looking forward to it , ' bolt said , ushered away quickly into black car. ` i 'm
peter scudamore rode an incredible 1,678 winners but has seen his achievements dwarfed by ap mccoy. here , he identifies what he believes are the 10 finest achievements of saturday 's retiring champion. 1 riding his 4,000 th winner at towcester on november 7 , 2013. he has won virtually every big race in the calendar but mccoy 's greatest feat has to be the immense tally of winners he has ridden. to put his numbers into perspective , in the all-time list of successful jockeys , great rival richard johnson is closest to him and the gap is around 1,500 winners. tony mccoy celebrating after he
with britons downing a caffeine-shake-inducing average of 70 million cups of coffee per day , pret has revealed a secret that the nation may want take note of - how to get a free cup. clive schlee , chief executive of the coffee giant , revealed he has given his staff the power to hand out a coffee on the house to people they like or fancy. ` the staff have to give away a certain number of hot drinks and food every week , ' mr schlee said. scroll down for video. femail writer deni kirkova travelled to four different pret a manger shops in london to find out what it takes to get a free coffee from staff. here she is after failing to secure a freebie at their gloucester road store. ` they will decide `` i like
-lrb- cnn -rrb- u.s. president barack obama 's recent explanation of how his administration will engage with the middle east is far from reassuring to the region. in his interview with tom friedman from the new york times on april 4 , obama explained u.s. foreign policy moves on iran and cuba , which friedman described as the `` obama doctrine. '' he stated that `` we will engage , but we preserve all our capabilities. '' by capabilities , the president must mean the tools , whether diplomatic , economic or military , to protect and defend u.s. interests. the doctrine is significant because
the other day i was driving past the port at bristol and i saw all those thousands of cars lined up on the quayside -- and whoa ... i did a double take. there they were : phalanx upon phalanx of shiny new vehicles glinting like dinky toys in the sun ; and i suddenly realised that they were n't arriving in this country. these cars had n't just disembarked from france or germany or japan. they were about to make their own journey overseas -- they were british cars , for goodness sake. they were examples of british manufacturing and design and engineering -- and they were about to be loaded on to ships and taken
furious 7 has raced to. the top of the domestic box office , picking up a massive $ 143.6. million in its opening weekend. the film has also established a new high-water mark for the month of. april , blowing past the $ 95 million debut of captain america :. the winter soldier , and now stands as the highest-grossing opening for any film in the fast and furious franchise. it also ranks. ninth among the top ten openings in history. much as the dark knight turned into a memorial for heath. ledger , audiences flocked to see star paul walker in one of his. final roles. scroll down for video. furious 7 has raced to the top of the
she recently revealed her then boyfriend jerry o'connell ` flirted with and felt up ' rebecca romijn at a party over a decade ago. and photos from that party reveal a loved up couple just moments before giuliana rancic became a woman scorned. the television personality - with the maiden name depandi at the time - cuddled up to the stand by me actor on the red carpet at the maxim magazine hot 100 party in las vegas back in june 2004. scroll down for video. former flame : giuliana rancic and jerry o'connell were pictured together at the maxim hot 100 party in las
a pensioner who has visited a beauty spot for 70 years has been banned after she was accused of knocking down the landowner 's son with her car. patricia wilnecker , 81 , fell in love with lamorna cove in cornwall so much on her first visit in 1948 she eventually moved nearby and also wrote a book about it. but she has been told she is no longer welcome there by the owner roy stevenson after he accused her of deliberately hitting his son daniel , 36 , during a stand-off at the entrance. he said : ` if she wants to be welcomed back to the cove , she needs to say to daniel , ' i am very sorry i hit you with my car '. banned : patricia wilnecker , 81 , pictured with
around 16 million tourists visit florence every year. it 's popularity is not surprising - the city contains over sixty per cent of the world 's art heritage. but for its population of 350,000 , that 's an overwhelming figure. so a new initiative set up by prince ottaviano de'medici di toscana , representative of the historic house of the medici , is aiming to reclaim the city , saving it from the ruins of mass tourism. around 16 million tourists visit florence every year , visiting historical sights such as the duomo , pictured here. the last ten years have
washington -lrb- cnn -rrb- judge jeffrey sutton does n't have a lot of company on the appeals courts these days. sutton , who sits on the 6th u.s. circuit court of appeals in cincinnati , penned the only recent appellate court decision to uphold state bans on same-sex marriage. his opinion , issued in november , goes up against an avalanche of judicial rulings striking down such bans. the split helped pave the way for the u.s. supreme court to take up a case on tuesday that could ultimately decide whether gay and lesbian couples nationwide have a constitutional right to marry. and it provides important insight into the legal arguments that could be made before the court by states
authorities forced alleged gang members to reveal their tattoos after they were arrested during a nationwide operation that saw more than 1,200 people detained. teams from homeland security and immigration and customs enforcement -lrb- ice -rrb- stormed properties associated with 239 crime syndicates following a six-week operation known as project wildfire. officials from 215 local , state and federal law-enforcement agencies seized hoards of weapons , drugs and cash at the addresses and at least 913 have already been charged with a range of crimes including rape , murder and sexual assault. as they were booked into jail , some of the suspects were forced to take off their shirts and reveal their ink - many of which are believed to be tied to gangs. detained :
-lrb- cnn -rrb- a jury of rolling stone 's media peers has dissected the magazine 's disastrous , discredited story about rape on the campus of the university of virginia , and the emerging consensus is that rolling stone 's lapses and sloppy blunders amount to journalistic malpractice -- made all the worse by the magazine 's head-in-the sand reaction to the thorough , devastating report released by a panel of investigators from the columbia university graduate school of journalism. rolling stone 's egregious mistakes of reporting and editing are regrettable but understandable. the magazine 's decision not to fire anybody or reorganize its newsroom operation is not. before the original story , `` a rape on campus , '' was pulled from the rolling stone website , it registered 2.7 million hits following its publication
two best friends who shed an impressive amount of weight and scored top modelling careers prove that with a little determination and self-belief , you can achieve your dreams. jamie jewitt , 24 , and henry rogers , 22 , both admit that when they were in their teens , their self-esteem was at rock bottom. henry , from ealing , reached eighteen stone at his heaviest. before he made his foray into modelling , henry , 22 , was a student and working part-time as an electronic salesman. scroll down for video. henry rogers , 22 , hit 18st at his heaviest , left , but went on an intense two-year diet , including going vegan for a year , and now he 's a sought-after model , right. at this point , he was keen to pursue a career
-lrb- cnn -rrb- robert boardwine 's path to fatherhood was unconventional , but virginia 's appeals court said tuesday he is legally entitled to be a part of his son 's life. boardwine 's friend , joyce bruce , had used his sperm and a turkey baster to get pregnant. she thought after she learned she was with child that they should just be friends. she also thought that because they never had sex , she was entitled to be the boy 's sole parent , according to court documents. the court of appeals of virginia decided differently in weighing the commonwealth 's assisted conception statute and denying bruce 's appeal to deny boardwine visitation. it agreed
-lrb- cnn -rrb- unicef said friday that an initial shipment of 16 tons of medical supplies , meant to help 80,000 innocents caught up in the havoc of yemen , had at last landed in yemen 's capital , sanaa. the conflict is exacting a heavy toll on children and families , unicef said in a statement. `` the humanitarian situation is worsening all the time , with increasingly limited access to water , basic sanitation and critical health services , '' the statement quoted unicef yemen representative julien harneis , speaking from amman , jordan , as saying. `` the supplies we have managed to bring in today can make the difference between life and death for children and their families -- but we
-lrb- cnn -rrb- c-span 's live telecast of the white house correspondents ' association dinner on saturday night , hosted by cecily strong of `` saturday night live , '' was not strong 's finest hour , though the entire affair seemed like five of c-span 's longest hours. even so , there were some genuinely funny moments , although the ratio was low , and you had to be patient to get to them. but when you step back and look at the event as a whole , and appreciate what 's really happening -- in terms of press freedoms and even a u.s. president willing and able to
hillary clinton 's now-famous scooby doo van made an appearance in council bluffs , iowa on thursday for a closed-door meeting with state democratic party officials -- and it idled in a handicapped parking space from beginning to end. footage broadcast by ketv-7 in the nearby city of omaha , nebraska , showed the presidential nominee emerging from a cafe , greeting onlookers and walking past the blue handicapped-parking sign to climb into the vehicle. secret service agents are technically federal law enforcement officers , so there was no chance of a parking ticket , even if scooby had been left unattended. scroll down for videos. secret service agents parked hillary clinton
ten years ago , i signed a letter backing labour in the 2005 election. earlier this month i signed a letter backing the conservatives for this one. why the conversion ? i 'm not a tribally political animal. i am someone who runs and starts businesses , but most importantly wants to see our country succeed. i back whatever works. five years ago the world was facing catastrophic economic problems. we had stared into the abyss of a complete failure of the international financial system , and managed -- via huge state intervention -- to avoid total collapse. the recovery of the uk since then has been extraordinary. we have outperformed every
phoenix , arizona -lrb- cnn -rrb- nearly 12 million parents in the united states currently are raising kids on their own. when single parents face a devastating illness such as cancer , everyday needs like cleaning and cooking can become a struggle. jody farley-berens saw the need firsthand , when her childhood friend faced that situation. `` making ends meet is insurmountable , '' said farley-berens. `` there are so many doctors ' appointments , copays , surgeries , prescriptions. and then the inability to work -- any savings that there may have been is gone very quickly. '' she did all she could to help. after her friend passed away , farley-berens helped
fleece jackets , piles of hay , a fuzzy stuffed animal sloth and a lot of fruit were on bobbi gordon 's shopping list when she became a surrogate mother to a big-eyed , spikey-haired little boy. a handful of animal keepers at salt lake city 's hogle zoo found themselves with a tiny red-headed charge when eve , a bornean orangutan , died a few weeks after giving birth. now 5 months old , the 14-inch , 11-pound tuah is starting to crawl. scroll down for video. a new addition : tuah , the five month-old bornean orangutan looks on in the great ape building at
an alcohol-fuelled 14-year-old boy killed a father-of-two in an unprovoked street attack after wishing him ` happy new year '. kyle major , from blackpool , lancashire , followed his victim - who had just asked his group of friends for directions - and felled him from behind with a punch to the back of the head. paul walker , 52 , was thought to be unconscious before his chin hit the ground and died shortly afterwards in hospital. kyle major , 14 , punched father-of-two paul walker -lrb- right -rrb- in the back of the head after wishing him a happy new year. the court heard the boy had been ` allowed to run wild ' the court heard how he
barcelona took a major step towards qualification for the last four of the champions league after they dismantled paris saint-germain on wednesday night. sportsmail 's adam crafton takes a look at five things we learned from barcelona 's emphatic victory. super suarez. it feels rather strange now but there was a time last summer when we were all wondering whether luis suarez - with his penchant for a human-based snack during football matches - was worth all that money for barcelona. there can be no question anymore. it is now 17 goals for the season and barcelona 's front three , spearheaded by suarez , lionel messi and neymar is
they are one of the world 's most famous couples - and have quickly gained respect among the fashion elite. and now , one esteemed designer has revealed why kim kardashian and kanye west have the midas touch. olivier rousteing has revealed that he chose kim and kanye to star in balmain 's latest campaign because they ` represent a family for the new world '. scroll down for video. fashion 's most well-connected designer , olivier rousteing , has revealed why he snapped kim kardashian and kanye west up to front his balmain campaign. the 29-year-old creative director has revealed he was inspired to
dear lord hall ,. my jeans are too tight , my hairstyle is an exercise in holding back the years , my friends are all incredibly right-wing and i 've got hog-whimperingly drunk in the presence of david cameron on more than one occasion. but none of these are the reasons why i want you to give me jeremy clarkson 's job. i know many men may baulk at the suggestion that a woman can take jeremy 's place. just look at what happened to sue perkins this week , who received a barrage of abuse on twitter when her name was mentioned
-lrb- cnn -rrb- the force is strong in turkey -- or at least it appears to be at one university where thousands of students are petitioning for a jedi temple to be built on campus. the petition , which was started by a student at dokuz eylul university in the western province of izmir , so far has almost 5,500 signatures. `` there are less and less jedi left on the earth , '' the petition says. it adds that `` uneducated padawan '' -- the novice jedis in george lucas ' `` star wars '' film franchise -- `` are moving to the dark side. ... to find the balance in the force , we want a jedi temple. '' the page on change.org also
the university of michigan yanked an upcoming screening of the oscar-nominated drama american sniper over student complaints but quickly did an about-face after news of the cancellation sparked a firestorm on campus. the school tweeted out a statement saying the ` decision to cancel not consistent w/high value @umich places on freedom of expression. ' that tweet was linked to a statement by e. royster harper , the school 's vice president for student life , acknowledging that it was ` a mistake ' to call off the screening. ` the movie will be shown at the originally scheduled time and location , ' harper 's statement read. ` we recognize , however , that some students are uncomfortable with the content of the movie
raccoons are known for being excellent climbers. but one critter ran into a spot of bother when he went on a romp around the urban jungle this week. the black-eyed bandit was found stuck 30ft-high on a flag pole outside philadelphia 's cathedral basilica of saints peter and paul on tuesday morning. video footage shows the animal clinging for life as it teeters on its makeshift perch. scroll down for video. bizarre site : a raccoon was found stuck 30ft-high on a flag pole outside philadelphia 's cathedral basilica of saints peter and paul on tuesday morning. far from home : video footage shows the animal clinging for life as
it 's the first food for a large number of the population , and many consider it to be one of the best starts in life a mother can give her child. and nutrient-rich , there is no denying that breast milk has myriad benefits for babies. but now one company has made the controversial move of using breast milk in a new vanilla ice cream aimed at adults. scroll down for video. royal baby gaga ice cream is made with donated breast milk - screened in line with hospital standards. breastfeeding campaigner victoria hiley has teamed up with london-based ice-creamery the licktators. royal baby gaga ice cream is the
abraham lincoln and george washington were gay , says a new book by a gay activist and award winning writer. larry kramer , 79 , says he believes what 's written in his history book is true though he is selling it as fiction to avoid legal troubles. in volume one of his two part book ` the american people , ' kramer says that abraham lincoln was gay and his killer john wilkes booth was actually lincoln 's spurned gay lover. ` we know that abraham lincoln was gay , ' kramer told cbs in an interview about the book which came out
two thousand miles might seem like a long way to go just for fried chicken. but two long-time friends from canada , who took their two sets of sons on a journey to the original home of kentucky fried chicken in corbin , kentucky , said it 's a trip they 'll never forget. the group of six completed the drive in three days crossing two canadian provinces including quebec and ontario , as well as five u.s. states - new york , pennsylvania , ohio , indiana and kentucky , according to the times tribune. for three of the sons , it was the first time they had tasted kfc. two long-time friends and their four sons traveled from montreal , quebec to corbin , kentucky to eat at the original home of kentucky fried chicken -lrb- above left to right : jason lutfy ,
a chicago cubs fan managed to catch a foul ball in her cup of beer during a game against the san diego padres on saturday afternoon. the woman , identified as 24-year-old krista dotzenrod from minnesota by the chicago sun times , said it was ` pure luck. ' ' i was sitting there , and all of a sudden there is a ball in my cup. it fell straight in there. ' scroll down for video ... caught ! a woman at a game in chicago who snagged a foul ball in her full cup of beer in the ninth inning on saturday. prime position : ms. dotzenrod said she
deposed masters champion bubba watson had to settle for an opening-day 70 to sit four shots off huang wen-yi 's lead at the shenzhen international. watson , who finished 38th at augusta national on sunday as the defence of his masters crown finished in disappointing fashion , was struggling on one over after 13 holes on thursday - having started on the back nine - but three successive birdies got him back under par. the american 's 70 leaves him in joint 17th place , with home hope huang setting the early running on a day when he shared the highlights with an byeong-hun , who recorded a hole in one. bubba watson was off the pace at the shenzhen international and had to settle for an opening-day 70. china 's huang , who
-lrb- cnn -rrb- beer and ice cream. it does n't exactly spring to mind when you think of classic food pairings -- old friends such as bacon and eggs or steak and cabernet. but colorado 's new belgium brewery and the folks at ben & jerry 's are teaming up on a beer inspired by ice cream -- salted caramel brownie ice cream , to be precise. `` at this time i can confirm that ben & jerry 's and new belgium are collaborating to raise awareness around issues we are passionate about , and that the results will be delicious , '' new belgium 's director of sustainability , jenn vervier , said in a statement. both companies have a history of social activism , and the new project will be
james tomkins hopes to return to action with west ham before the end of the season , but the defender knows his campaign may be over. tomkins dislocated his shoulder in the gym last month and has undergone successful surgery. ` hopefully it will not set me back and i will be able to play a couple of games before the end of the season , you never know , ' he said on whufc.com. james tomkins hopes to return to action with west ham before the end of the season. tomkins , seen with stewart downing , dislocated his shoulder in the gym underwent successful surgery. ` it depends on how well it goes. i 'm preparing myself
david alaba has given bayern munich some good news after posting a video on his instagram of the cast being removed following his recent knee ligament damage. the austrian has n't had much luck in terms of injuries but is clearly delighted he can now step-up his recovery and return for the bundesliga leaders. on his instagram , he said : ` moving forward ! #da27 #meinekraftliegtinjesus #comebackstronger. ' david alaba is looking to get back to fitness for bayern munich now his cast has been removed. the versatile star had his cast signed by all his team-mates who arrived in portugal on monday , ahead of their champions league quarter-final clash with porto. bayern thrashed shakhtar donetsk in the last round and will be looking for
this is the moment jeremy clarkson talked himself out of a ticket after leaving his bright green lamborghini parked on yellow lines. despite his recent woes , he was seen laughing with a traffic warden in london , who had tried to put a ticket on his borrowed supercar. the warden recognized the former top gear host immediately and the pair chatted for a few minutes. and the conversation must have been a good one - as the warden then appeared to walk away without leaving a ticket on the eye-catching lamborghini. scroll down for video. jeremy clarkson talked himself out of a parking ticket in london
an australian plus-sized model has revealed her skinnier counterparts have only ` one cracker and a couple glasses of water ' per day to keep thin in the lead up to fashion week. laura wells has found international success as a size 14 model , including appearing in cosmopolitan and australian women 's weekly magazines. having lived and worked with other less curvy models in new york city , wells has seen the shocking sacrifices they make to keep skinny. scroll down for video. laura wells -lrb- left -rrb- has found international success as a size 14 model , including appearing in cosmopolitan and australian women 's weekly magazines. ` it goes to the extremes - no food being eaten , prescription dietary pills , agents telling girls that they 're only allowed
he was once the most powerful man in the world , but former us president bill clinton says he believes he should take a more backstage role should his wife , hillary , decide to run for president. in an interview with town & country magazine , the 68-year-old revealed that he believes he has lost his natural flair for political campaigning , adding that becoming a grandparent to his daughter chelsea 's six-month-old daughter charlotte has tamed the angry side of his personality which once helped to propel him to victory. ` i 've told hillary that i do n't think i 'm good -lsb- at campaigning -rsb- anymore because i 'm not mad at anybody. i 'm a grandfather , and i got to see my granddaughter last night , and
tragedy : dr. frederic brandt was battling with extreme depression before his suicide on sunday a police report revealed on tuesday. a friend insists fredric brandt was offended by a character on tina fey 's new tv show that bore uncanny similarities to him - despite initial claims he ` laughed it off '. the cosmetologist killed himself on easter sunday , weeks after the march 6 launch of the unbreakable kimmy schmidt on netflix. in it , martin short plays a caricatured white-haired cosmetologist called dr franff with an inordinate amount of fillers in his face. friends admit brandt identified the resemblance - but most claim he jovially pointed it out and laughed. however , another friend
sir bradley wiggins will bid for cycling 's hour record on june 7 at london 's olympic velodrome. the four-time olympic champion and 2012 tour de france winner , who is 35 on april 28 , will attempt to add to his accomplishments by riding the furthest distance in 60 minutes at the lee valley velopark. ` the hour record is a holy grail for cyclists , ' wiggins said. four-time olympic champion bradley wiggins will bid to break cycling 's hour record in june. wiggins finished his team sky career in the paris-roubaix 253.5 km one-day race on sunday. australian rider
note to all managers : if you 're top striker is misfiring , have a word with tim sherwood. he obviously knows the secret of getting them back among the goals. sherwood , albeit for a short period of time , revived emmanuel adebayor 's flagging tottenham career last season ; now he 's replicating the achievement with christian benteke. christian benteke heads aston villa into the lead against tottenham in the 35th minute of the game. benteke celebrates the goal that gave tim sherwood 's team the advantage at the end of the first half. benteke continued his fine form for villa from tuesday
she had n't spoken for weeks after her health deteriorated rapidly due to terminal brain cancer. but one day recently , sara martin , from lititz , pennsylvania , uttered a single word : ` florida '. now , the mother-of-three 's devoted family is taking her there for what will likely be her final holiday. they leave for sarasota , south-west florida , today. final holiday : brain cancer sufferer sara martin , from pennsylvania , is being driven to florida today after she uttered the word ` florida ' following weeks of not speaking. above , mrs martin , center , sits in the
hillary clinton 's astroturf candidacy is in full swing in iowa. her tuesday morning visit to a coffee shop in leclaire , iowa was staged from beginning to end , according to austin bird , one of the men pictured sitting at the table with mrs. clinton. bird told daily mail online that campaign staffer troy price called and asked him and two other young people to meet him tuesday morning at a restaurant in davenport , a nearby city. price then drove them to the coffee house to meet clinton after vetting them for about a half-hour. the three got the lion 's share of mrs. clinton 's time and participated in what breathless news reports described
-lrb- cnn -rrb- roseanne barr revealed earlier this week that she is going blind. in an interview with the daily beast , the 62-year-old comic talked about her struggle with macular degeneration and glaucoma -- two eye diseases that get progressively worse over time and can steal vision. barr 's doctors have n't provided a timeline , but her symptoms are worsening : `` my vision is closing in now , '' she said. `` i just try and enjoy vision as much as possible. y' know , living it up. '' related : 9 worst eye care mistakes you 're making. macular degeneration is a breakdown of the part of the retina that allows us to see fine details in the center of vision ; while glaucoma damages the nerve that connects
-lrb- cnn -rrb- five americans who were monitored for three weeks at an omaha , nebraska , hospital after being exposed to ebola in west africa have been released , a nebraska medicine spokesman said in an email wednesday. one of the five had a heart-related issue on saturday and has been discharged but has n't left the area , taylor wilson wrote. the others have already gone home. they were exposed to ebola in sierra leone in march , but none developed the deadly virus. they are clinicians for partners in health , a boston-based aid group. they all had contact with a colleague who was diagnosed with the disease and is being treated at the national institutes of health in
lewis hamilton took a well-earned break from his blistering start to the formula one season , taking his brother nicolas out for a spin out in la.. the two-time formula one world champion took time out from training ahead of the spanish grand prix next week to go cruising with his younger sibling in his stylish shelby cobra. the pair can be seen posing in caps and shades as the mercedes driver rolled down to the beach and along one of la 's busiest freeways. nicolas hamilton takes a selfie with his brother lewis whilst the pair take a ride in the la sunshine. nicolas posted to his facebook page : ` all in red today for my last day in
children may be drawn to greasy fries and burgers , but fatty foods can reduce the speed at which their brains work , according to a new study. it found that children who ate a diet higher in saturated fats and cholesterol had slower reaction times and a poorer working memory. children who ate the fatty diet performed worse when they were given a task-switching game to complete , the researchers said. a new study has found that children who ate a diet higher in saturated fats and cholesterol had slower reaction times and a poorer working memory. a stock image is pictured. for the study , scientists at the university of illinois recruited 150 children aged between seven and 10 and gave them a game which involved learning a pattern between a
it looks , and sometimes acts , like a huge sponge floating in space. but this crumpet-like rock is in fact one of saturn 's outer moons , measuring 255 by 161 miles -lrb- 410 by 260km -rrb-. named hyperion , the moon 's porous surface can be seen in incredible detail in this image taken by cassini as it performed a flyby of the satellite. the floating bath sponge : this image shows one of saturn 's outer moons , measuring 255 by 161 miles -lrb- 410 by 260km -rrb-. cassini was around 38,500 miles -lrb- 62,000 km -rrb- from hyperion when the image was taken. hyperion is shaped like a potato and is
` you guys ready to play some golf ? ' asked the starter. and , yes he was. that 's exactly what tiger woods was ready for. some golf. he smiled , slapped his playing partner rory mcilroy on the back. damn right he was ready. not to win maybe. not yet. by the summer , though , who knows ? there have been enough sightings of the old tiger at augusta this week not to give up on him yet. the problem with new tiger , though , is that as desperate as he appears to march on , obstacles line his path , like tree roots. in
trainer paul webber was on sunday praying the ground at fairyhouse dries out further for cantlow , who will attempt to give ap mccoy a glorious send off in ireland with a second victory in easter monday 's irish grand national. the 19-time champion won the 2007 running on butler 's cabin and success aboard cantlow would be a fairytale start to what could be mccoy 's final week as a jockey. he has vowed to immediately retire if he wins saturday 's crabbie 's grand national at aintree on favourite shutthefrontdoor , the gelding which won last year 's irish national under barry geraghty. ap mccoy will attempt to win the
the pentagon said tuesday it would exhume and try to identify the remains of nearly 400 sailors and marines killed when the uss oklahoma sank in the bombing of pearl harbor. the ship capsized after being hit by nine torpedoes during the december 7 , 1941 surprise attack from japanese forces. altogether , 429 sailors and marines onboard were killed. only 35 were identified in the years immediately after. hundreds were buried as unknowns at cemeteries in hawaii. in 1950 , they were reburied as unknowns at the national memorial cemetery of the pacific - also known as the punchbowl - inside
a california woman was arrested after a video was posted on youtube that showed her striking a young , crying child in the face with what appeared to be a ipad-like tablet. yvonne camargo , 39 , of victorville , was arrested on suspicion of willful cruelty to a child on april 3 but it is unknown as to if she was charged. the video was filmed april 1 in a parking lot after a man identifying as edward moneyhanz on youtube saw the woman ` pulling this kid by his hair out of the khols store ' , according to the posting
-lrb- cnn -rrb- it wo n't come as news to anyone in america today that the authority to make an arrest carries with it the potential to escalate to lethal force. but the seemingly innocuous genesis of police authority -lrb- initial stop and question , pulling someone over for a traffic violation -rrb- becomes significant because of the potential result -lrb- deadly force -rrb-. a minor traffic stop can be the springboard to a check for outstanding warrants. an initial stop can therefore lead to an arrest. and an arrest , we know , can have fatal results. in south carolina earlier this month , walter scott was the subject of a bench warrant for over $ 18,000
measuring 30cm high and made entirely from cake , these amazing hand-crafted designs are a luxury alternative to traditional easter eggs. the incredibly detailed works of art were inspired by faberge 's famous jewelled eggs , and painstakingly created by 14 of the uk 's top cake artists. each of the intricate treats is entirely edible and were made using a range of decorating techniques and sugar work. scroll down for video. yellow bee cake company 's amazing violet and gold carousel which features cakes as rides instead of the usual animals. purple cake with gold detailing and purple roses by rose marie 's cake -lrb- left -rrb- and zee chik cakes ' peephole egg with sugar work figurine -lrb-
-lrb- cnn -rrb- i do n't always talk about news events with my daughters , but there was something about the story of espn reporter britt mchenry and the wildly offensive way she spoke to that towing company employee that made me bring it up. one of the main things i preach to my girls , ages 7 and 9 , is the importance of respecting other people , no matter who you are and what you go on to accomplish. it 's something that my husband and i just do -- we show respect to everyone from a taxi driver to a teacher to the
-lrb- billboard -rrb- from channing tatum twerking for jennifer lopez to host amy schumer 's archery fail , there were plenty of highlights and misfires from the 2015 mtv movie awards. 2015 mtv movie awards : see the full winners list. here are the jokes , performances and moments that hit the target and the ones and missed it. best moments. amy schumer 's opener : from a `` boyhood '' / hpv joke to nearly flashing j.k. simmons to her run-in with a cancer support group , schumer 's opening video segment was as reliably hilarious and inventive as her comedy central show -lrb- which ca n't come back on tv soon enough -rrb-. plus , her monologue killed
it 's a classic australian saying : ` g'day mate , how you going ? '. but when one australian traveller tried to get american 's to repeat it , many were lost for words. kieran murray , from brisbane in queensland , recently spent months travelling across the us , and documented his interactions with locals all around the country. from a homeless man who was insistent upon telling his story about britney spears , to a man who insisted murray was saying ` get out of my nightgown ' , the filmmaker captured it all. scroll down for video. aussie filmmaker kieran murray has released the second installment of his hilarious series which asks americans to attempt the australian accent by saying ` g'day mate , how you going ? one man in austin , texas -lrb- far right -rrb- was convinced murray said ` get out -lrb- of -rrb- my nightgown '
-lrb- cnn -rrb- a prosecutor has dismissed allegations that argentine president cristina fernandez de kirchner tried to cover up iran 's involvement in a 1994 bombing in buenos aires. the move by prosecutor javier de luca to drop the case could mean a definitive end to the accusations that have roiled the nation , according to argentina 's state-run telam news agency. the case became of high interest globally after the original prosecutor who brought the allegations was found dead in january. alberto nisman was found dead days after making the accusations. his death sparked outrage and conspiracy theories aplenty. nisman alleged that argentina 's government agreed not to go after iranian suspects in the
a father has told how he 's embraced 21st century parenting by using a drone to walk his eight-year-old daughter to school. chris early , who owns a production company in knoxville , tennessee , bought a quadcopter to make commercials but he decided he could use it for personal surveillance purposes too. the tech-enthusiast released footage of one of his remote chaperoning session to abc news , showing how he is now able monitor his child 's whereabouts from the skies. scroll down for video. caught on camera : a father has told how he 's embraced 21st century parenting by using a drone to walk his eight-year-old daughter to school. aerial views : chris early , who owns
shanghai , china -lrb- cnn -rrb- with a well-paid job in finance and his own apartment , li lifei is living the chinese dream. but there 's one missing ingredient -- his own car. the 26-year old has his eye on a volkswagen tiguan but shanghai , like many large chinese cities , rations license plates as it looks for a solution to its gridlocked roads and polluted skies. to register for a license plate auction , prospective car buyers like li must put down a deposit in exchange for disc containing software they can use to bid online. the auctions take place once a month on a saturday morning. `` i 've been trying for six months with no success ,
kim kardashian is undoubtedly the queen of self-promotion , posting ` selfie ' snaps to her millions of followers on a daily basis and even releasing a book filled with her self-taken pictures. and now , kim 's secret weapon to achieving the perfect photo has seemingly been revealed. buzzfeed is convinced that the social media superstar has been using facetune to edit her selfies - a # 2.99 photo editing app designed to help you edit your portrait photographs into ` perfection '. scroll down for video. spot the difference ? bianca london and martha cliff used facetune to edit their selfies. the # 2.99 photo editing app is designed to help you edit your
an artist with a penchant for snapping urban architecture has come up with an innovative new way of making the most of his photography. french photographer and illustrator , thomas lamadieu , takes snaps of the sky in courtyards and built-up areas to create a frame of buildings. the space in between then acts as a canvas for his playful illustrations which he has dubbed ` sky art '. on his website thomas says that his artistic aim is to ` show a different perception of urban architecture and the everyday environment around us , what we can construct with a boundless imagination '. before and after : lamadieu 's original shot -lrb- left -rrb- and after it is transformed into ` sky art ' -lrb- right -rrb-.
brynn johnson and cassie miller have known each other for some time , but seven months ago they were brought together by a terrible tragedy. cassie was in her car picking up brynn 's son for preschool in tenino , washington , when she accidentally ran over brynn 's younger daughter , 17-month-old rowyn , who was killed. incredibly though , brynn forgave cassie for what happened , acknowledging what happened as a horrific accident. ` it 's a hard thing to accept and a hard thing to swallow to this day , ' cassie told komo news. scroll down for video. pulled together by
it is not just humans who are concerned about the privacy implications of drones. an arnhem tv station has lost one of its expensive drones after a chimpanzee managed to knock it out of the sky. the craft was supposed to be capturing footage of the royal burgers zoo chimp enclosure for a tv show. watch the video here. look out ! an arnhem tv station has lost one of its expensive drones after a chimpanzee managed to knock it out of the sky. following the attack , the drone crashes to the ground - only for the chimp to pounce on it. ` on the morning of friday , april 10 , 2015 , the chimpanzees of royal burgers ' zoo once again proved how intelligent they are , ' a spokesman
she 's better known as the eccentric grandmother from hit comedy absolutely fabulous - but 89-year-old june whitfield has donned a habit for her latest role as sister ruth , a nun , in bbc soap eastenders. she may be more familiar to viewers as the eccentric grandmother from absolutely fabulous. but june whitfield 's next appearance will see her in a rather different role -- as a nun in eastenders. the 89-year-old is set to make a guest appearance in the bbc soap next week as sister ruth. her character will offer advice to jessie wallace 's character kat moon , who
the semi-final line-up for the champions league has been confirmed and , although there may be no english involvement , four european giants are just three games from being crowned champions of the continent in berlin on june 6. with real madrid and juventus winning on wednesday to join barcelona and bayern munich in the last four , this season 's competition is one of the toughest to call in recent memory. we asked our team of reporters who they think will win this season 's champions league. sami mokbel - barcelona. momentum is key at this point in the season and
-lrb- cnn -rrb-. i see signs of a revolution everywhere. i see it in the op-ed pages of the newspapers , and on the state ballots in nearly half the country. i see it in politicians who once preferred to play it safe with this explosive issue but are now willing to stake their political futures on it. i see the revolution in the eyes of sterling scientists , previously reluctant to dip a toe into this heavily stigmatized world , who are diving in head first. i see it in the new surgeon general who cites data showing just how helpful it can be. i see a revolution in the attitudes of everyday
the mysterious moai statues of easter island have gazed inland for hundreds of years. and now experts believe they have finally discovered how the rapa nui people placed distinctive ` hats ' made of red stone on top of some of the figures ' heads , more than 700 years ago. they believe that the hats , or ` pukao ' , were rolled up ramps to reach the top of the figures which measure up to 40ft -lrb- 12 metres -rrb- tall. mystery solved ? experts believe they have finally discovered how the rapa nui people placed distinctive hats made of red stone on top of some of the easter island figures ' heads , more than 700 years ago. despite the
rating :. poets house is a swish new hotel in ely , a three-minute walk from the cathedral , offering terrific value. it 's quite a venture - and must have been a huge investment. there are 21 rooms , all with copper standalone baths placed near luxurious double beds. i keep thinking about phil neville , the former england footballer whose home once appeared in hello ! and which forever more is held as the gold standard for unadulterated bling. which is to say that poets house is glossy and lavish , but manages to stay on the right side of kitsch , not least because the finish is so good. there is n't
a man who was run over by suge knight has refused to testify against the rap mogul , defiantly stating in court that he is ` no snitch '. cle ` bone ' sloan , 45 , was crushed beneath the wheels of knight 's pickup truck outside a burger stand in january , leaving him with two fractured ankles and wounds on to his head , knees and shoulder. but he claimed from the witness stand of the los angeles superior court on monday that he does not remember the specifics of the confrontation , in which his companion terry carter , 55 , was killed. `
while google and apple are developing self driving vehicles , nasa has revealed its vision - and its a lot more fun. called the modular robotic vehicle , or mrv , it was developed at nasa 's johnson space center to show off the technologies that could let man move across other planets. on earth , however , it also has some neat tricks - from the ability to park sideways to being able to spin on the spot , as well as being driven remotely at up to 70mph. watch the buggy in action below. unlike a normal car , the buggy has no mechanical linkages to the propulsion , steering , or brake actuators , the driver of an mrv relies completely on control inputs being converted to electrical signals and then transmitted by
with just 10 days to go until the general election , ed miliband has already won one political battle -- as the nation 's ` best looking ' political leader. first it was the ` milifandom ' -- with thousands of teenage girls allegedly swooning for the labour leader on twitter. but now it seems he 's gained another big fan in the form of the only way is essex star lydia bright. the only way is essex star lydia bright met labour leader ed miliband as part of the ` useyourvoice ' campaign encouraging young people to vote. the reality tv star said mr miliband ` definitely ' topped her list of political leaders in a game of ` snog , marry or avoid ' the reality tv star said
-lrb- cnn -rrb- he was impressively polite and bright in the eyes of his boyhood teachers , an encourager of his college friends. he was a docile captured killer in the care of paramedics tending to his gunshot wounds. dzhokhar `` jahar '' tsarnaev 's defense team is seeking to spare him from a death sentence for his part two years ago in the boston marathon bombings and murder of an mit police officer. having focused on his dead older brother , portraying tamerlan tsarnav as harsh , overbearing and bent on jihad , they now shift to the younger brother who tagged after him , as one witness said , `` like a
residents in a chinese city had a shock when they looked up and saw the sky glowing bright red - like something from a hollywood disaster movie. and if that was n't scary enough , people in the northern city of aershan feared the end was nigh when the heavens opened and out of the sky fell ... mud , covering them in a strange dark residue , according to the people 's daily online. shocking : sky turned blood red for nearly an hour in aershan city in inner mongolia. surreal : the city looks like a scene out of a hollywood disaster movie. the scary natural phenomenon happened at 2pm on wednesday in the city in inner
usain bolt will compete at the iaaf/btc world relays in the bahamas next month , the jamaica athletics administrative association has announced. the six-time olympic gold medallist will compete at the relay championship on may 2 and 3 as part of the jamaican team. ` i 'm happy to be part of the jamaican team for the iaaf / btc world relays in the bahamas. i am fit , healthy and ready to run , ' said bolt. usain bolt has confirmed he will be part of jamaica 's team at the world relays in the bahamas. bolt reacts as he wins 4x100m gold at the london
it 's official : alcohol makes you more attractive to the opposite sex. and that 's when you are boozing , not them. scientists at the university of bristol found that having ` one large glass of wine ' increases ` facial flushing ' and ` confidence ' , making the drinker ` more attractive ' to others and more likely to ` get lucky '. researchers quizzed 40 heterosexual male and female students and asked them to rate the attractiveness of three groups of people who were sober , tipsy and drunk. a study of 40 men and women found drinking a glass of wine makes you more attractive to the opposite sex ... ... but too much booze leads to ` excessive and
condemned bali nine drug smuggler myuran sukumaran has pledged to stare down the indonesian firing squad who will drag him to a jungle clearing and kill him shortly after midnight wednesday. that 's according close supporter and artist ben quilty , who has taken to the airwaves in a desperate final bid to stop sukumaran and fellow australian inmate andrew chan 's execution. ` myuran always said to me he would never take this lying down , ' mr quilty told radio 2gb. ` that he would stare them down , that no-one would cover his eyes , that he would face it with
as the bright , smiling face of morning tv in the noughties fern britton shocked fans when she admitted to struggling with crippling depression. the mother-of-four had her first experience of depression as a child and has suffered attacks throughout her adult life. things were so difficult at one point that she planned to crash her car into a brick wall. and in an interview with the telegraph on saturday the 57-year-old revealed how close she came to suicide one day after her divorce from first husband clive jones. scroll down for video. presenter fern britton , who suffers from depression , has revealed how close she came to suicide following her divorce from first husband clive jones. the presenter and author , who has been married to her second husband tv chef phil vickery , 53 , for fifteen years , claims
it 's a shame to see another talented young player being photographed taking ` hippy crack. ' it might be legal but it 's still a drug. if you want to be a top athlete you do n't want that in your body. in a strange way , maybe this story will actually help keep jack grealish 's feet on the ground. he was outstanding against liverpool but it was one game -- he has not made it yet. jack grealish -lrb- left -rrb- has become the third top flight starlet caught on camera inhaling nitrous oxide. grealish starred for aston villa in their fa cup semi-final win over
follow your heart. that 's the advice of carl jenkinson to jack grealish as the young aston villa star weighs up his international future. the west ham defender , on loan from arsenal until the end of the season , knows the predicament that faces the teenager torn between representing the republic of ireland or england. jenkinson has experienced an identical international limbo before. carl jenkinson -lrb- left -rrb- says jack grealish should follow his heart when choosing ireland or england. in 2012 , a year after his big move from charlton to the club he supported as a boy - arsenal - the essex-born full-back chose the three lions despite having played for finland , the nation of his mother , at under 18 and
lesean mccoy 's acrimony with chip kelly continues to rumble on , with the buffalo bills running back taking another swipe at the eagles head coach. mccoy was shipped to the bills in exchange for linebacker kiko alonso and says kelly 's team has a college feel and that he does n't like star talent. ' i do n't think he likes or respects the stars. i 'm being honest. i think he likes the fact that it 's `` chip kelly and the eagles '' , ' he told the philadephia enquirer. lesean mccoy warms up as he takes part in a voluntary offseason conditioning session with the bills. mccoy clearly has a chip on his shoulder about the trade , but slated philadelphia 's ` college
coastlines : the story of our shore. by patrick barkham. -lrb- granta books # 20 -rrb-. we are an island race , -- which means , in practice , we are a coastal people. no one in britain lives as much as 70 miles from the sea. our coastline of 10,800 miles is longer than india 's -lrb- unbelievable ? try measuring the ins and outs of scotland 's -rrb-. many people in the u.s. , russia or china never see the sea in their lives. but most of us are saturated with it in childhood -- in holiday homes and beach huts with deckchairs
attorney general eric holder bid farewell to the justice department on friday after six years , outlining what he said were his major accomplishments and telling staffers that they helped produce a ` golden age ' in the department 's history. an emotional holder , who has served as the nation 's top law enforcement official since the start of the obama administration , addressed hundreds of lawyers and staff members one day after his successor , loretta lynch , was confirmed by the senate following a months-long delay. ' i am proud of you. i 'm going to miss you. i am going to miss this building. i am going to miss this institution. more than anything , i am going to miss
thierry henry said the stadium of light was the noisiest atmosphere he had ever experienced during sunderland 's derby win over newcastle. six days later , silence reigned. a sorrowful silence as thousands streamed for the exits in the wake of crystal palace 's fourth goal inside 14 second-half minutes. sunderland strikers steven fletcher and jermain defoe ca n't hide their disappointment following defeat. a shameful silence as sunderland 's players afterwards absorbed the shock of another embarrassing home collapse. but perhaps most damning was the sad silence of realisation from dick advocaat. when asked how concerned he was that the side he has inherited are in danger of
-lrb- cnn -rrb- bobbi kristina brown , the daughter of bobby brown and whitney houston , has `` global and irreversible brain damage , '' according to her grandmother. though the 22-year-old is no longer in a medically induced coma , she remains unresponsive , cissy houston said in a statement monday after visiting her granddaughter. `` meeting with the doctors and understanding that she can live in this condition for a lifetime truly saddens me , '' houston said. `` we can only trust in god for a miracle at this time. '' houston 's statement matched that from a source with knowledge of brown 's condition , who told cnn on monday that she remained in the
` insta-fame ' is the latest criterion for models wanting to book jobs , according to leading australian modelling agencies. while being beautiful , fit and healthy is expected , it 's all about a demand for the ` influencer ' now. thanks to the proliferation of social media , in order for modelling agencies to keep up with client demand , ` influencer ' and ` blogger ' divisions are now being added to their traditional model portfolio. general manager of vivien 's models catherine mcgill told daily mail australia that they launched an ` influencers ' section two months ago because of the growing need to accommodate client demand for social media numbers. scroll down for video. influencer : gigi hadid is one of many
graeme mcdowell insisted he would never consider not playing the masters despite another frustrating experience at augusta national. mcdowell carded a final round of 73 on sunday to finish six over par and is now a combined 24 over for his eight appearances in the year 's first major championship. ' i ca n't imagine not coming here , ' the former us open champion said. ` it would be sacrilege not to play here no matter how much it frustrates you as you have to enjoy it for what it is. graeme mcdowell tees off on the third hole during the third round at augusta on saturday. ` it is a celebration of golf on my favourite golf course in the world. it is. i love it.
a police crime commissioner is facing investigation after awarding more than half a million pounds of taxpayers ' money to the charity she runs alongside the force 's chief. vera baird donated # 500,000 to victims first northumbria , a charity which supports crime victims in her area and of which she is a director. sitting alongside her on the organisation 's top table is sue sim , northumbria 's chief constable , records revealed. the pair now face a ministry of justice probe as critics accuse them of concocting ' a soap opera ' within the force. vera baird , the police and crime commissioner for northumbria , faces a ministry of justice
the navy says a second seal has died following a training accident in a swimming pool at a base in virginia. lt. david lloyd tells media outlets that special warfare operator 1st class brett allen marihugh of livonia , michigan , died sunday. the 34-year-old marihugh and 32-year-old special warfare operator 1st class seth cody lewis of queens , new york , were found unresponsive on friday at the bottom of the combat swimming training facility at joint expeditionary base little creek-fort story. lewis died friday. lloyd says both sailors were members of naval special warfare group 2. ` training accident ' : special warfare operator 1st class brett allen marihugh -lrb- left -rrb- of livonia , michigan , died sunday after he and 32-year-old special warfare operator 1st class seth cody lewis were found unresponsive at the bottom of a swimming pool from what officials called a ` training accident ' while an investigation of the
a 12-year-old sports fan from texas - who 's become a star in his own right for his national anthem-singing skills - was surprised by one of his idols on tuesday night. nicholas connors gave a rousing performance ahead of the houston rockets and dallas mavericks nba playoffs game - with one of his favorite nfl players watching from the sidelines , houston texans defensive lineman j.j. watt. when nicholas finished , the 26-year-old player ran across the court to congratulate him. and the heartwarming moment was caught on camera. footage - secured by a spectator and shared on vine - shows nicholas looking confused at first when he 's caught off-guard and tapped on the shoulder. look
more than 70 years ago these five men each played their own vital role in the normandy campaign that began with the d-day landings. two were just teenagers , another was a young sapper , one a rookie tank driver and the last was a veteran of jungle warfare. all ordinary young men doing their bit to help liberate france. until now their exploits have escaped the attention of historians , but yesterday these veterans of world war two stood proudly side by side after being awarded france 's highest decoration , the legion d'honneur. courageous veterans are given france 's highest honour for their vital role on d-day in a ceremony at yorkshire air museum ,
mauricio pochettino insists aston villa manager tim sherwood will be shown respect on his return to white hart lane - 11 months after he was shown the door by tottenham chairman daniel levy. ' i expect a very good reception for him , ' said pochettino , whose spurs side entertain villa on saturday afternoon in the barclays premier league. ` he is a manager that worked here and spent a lot of time here as a player and a manager. he helped develop young talent too. tottenham hotspur manager mauricio pochettino gestures to his players at burnley last weekend. aston villa manager tim sherwood -lrb- centre -rrb- takes a training
a teenager who fell ill with flu four months ago is unable to move her arms and legs and can barely eat or talk. doctors are still trying to find out what the future holds for 17-year-old natasha willard after she was diagnosed with inflammation of the brain when she fell ill while studying for her a-levels in cwmbran in wales. miss willard 's family are unsure how the teenager became ill so suddenly , just four days after she returned her feeling unwell. they are now trying to teach her to walk and talk again. natasha willard was studying for her a levels at college when she appeared to get the flu just before christmas
officials at an elementary school in maine have come under fire for teaching students about transgender issues without first seeking the approval of parents. during a lesson on tolerance and acceptance , children at horace mitchell primary school in kittery point were read i am jazz , a book about a child ` with a boy 's body and a girl 's brain ' who eventually finds a doctor that tells the family the boy is a transgender. some parents are unhappy with the school after they say their children came home with questions about gender and wondering if they too might be trans. i am jazz
gary neville tore into manchester city following their defeat against crystal palace by insisting the champions have a ` mentality problem ' which prevents them from winning back-to-back titles. the former manchester united and england defender saw city lose 2-1 to leave them in fourth - nine points short of chelsea at the top of the barclays premier league. ` they 've got a mentality problem. there 's no doubt , ' neville said on monday night football. ` this team can not sustain success. manchester city captain vincent kompany leaves the field after their 2-1 defeat by crystal palace on monday.
this eighteen-month-old boy pulled a rice-cooker brimming with boiling water down on his head , burning deep scars into his face and leaving him almost blind. as a crack team of surgeons from the australian charity , interplast , worked last march to save the sight of little baby seng , from vientiane , laos , inspirational burns survivor turia pitt watched on. turia was deeply moved by the plight of the baby with big , brown eyes. that 's because she knows that if she lived in a country like seng 's , she would n't be here. foreign doctors would n't have been able to
leo bernal , 8 , is lucky to be alive after an intruder shot him in the head as he lay in bed at his home in culver city , california , over the weekend. on friday , five days after the shooting , the 8-year-old was released from the hospital with nearly two dozen medical staples holding his scalp together. ` my head kinda hurts right now , but i 'm ok with it , ' the brave boy said as he sat on a bench outside ronald reagan ucla medical center. scroll down for video. miracle boy : leo bernal , 8 , was released from the hospital friday , five days after he was shot in the head
jessica silva has spoken about why she had to kill her abusive husband and revealed she hopes his family can one day forgive her for what she did. in a tense interview for 60 minutes , silva visits the home of james polkinghorne 's father to explain to him why she had to kill his son. michael usher , the veteran journalist who conducted the interview , has revealed her walked away from the experience ` totally drained and realising that there are a lot of broken people '. he also admitted that despite all the revelations about his son 's abusive ways , mr polkinghorne could still not understand why his son was dead. scroll down for video. jessica silva reveals on 60 minutes that ` my head is just full , i ca n't live
the lovers who got the most complaints in new york city for loud sex are a handyman and the girlfriend he pops round for quickies with in the building where he works. the 25-year-old boytoy is the lover , of a dominican woman in her late 30s , who invites him round for romps around her entire apartment in brooklyn. the apartment block was named in a league table of complaints made to new york authorities about loud sex. most complained : the building maintenance worker -lrb- left -rrb- and his girlfriend -lrb- right -rrb- , who is now four months pregnant , were complained about six times for excessive noise at the bay ridge block ,
break-ups can be hard enough to deal with but two women were left with permanent reminders of their failed relationships thanks to having their ex-partners ' names tattooed on their bodies. jessica hardy , 23 , from hereford , was so desperate to remove her former flame 's name from her forearm when she met her new man , ryan , she tried to burn it off with acid. ` i 'm desperate to get rid of it , i have bad dreams about it , ' she said on channel 5 show tattoo disasters. scroll down for video. jessica hardy was so desperate to remove her former flame 's name from her forearm she used acid. the mother-of-one said she could n't afford
ed and justine miliband first met at a dinner party , hosted by the woman he was ` secretly ' dating. relish the scene. a dinner party in west london. the hostess : stephanie flanders , the glamorous then economics editor of bbc2 's newsnight. the guests : young barristers and would-be politicians. central to the party that night back in march 2004 was flanders ' boyfriend , labour rising star ed miliband. at the time , he was chief economics adviser to the chancellor , gordon brown. miliband had been back in britain for two months after a brief spell as a lecturer at harvard university in the u.s. ever the policy nerd , the son
scientists have revealed a sophisticated new dating. technique shows that little foot , an important fossil of an. early human forerunner unearthed in the 1990s in south africa ,. is roughly 3.7 million years old. ` the age of little foot has been highly debated , ' said. geologist darryl granger of purdue university in indiana , whose. research appears in the journal nature. the study found little foot , a member of the species. australopithecus prometheus , lived at roughly the same time as. australopithecus afarensis , the species whose most famous. fossil , known as lucy , comes from ethiopia. scroll
they are supposed to be a girl 's best friend - or at least her most valuable. but the diamond ring appears to have lost its sparkle according to experts who claim that women are abandoning the traditional jewel in favour of more exotic gems. the huge increase in demand for coloured stones , such as sapphires and rubies , has seen their prices soar. scroll down for video. kate middleton proudly wore a ceylon sapphire once owned by princess diana as her engagement ring. and experts say the trend might prove that diamonds are not forever after all , as the value of the jewels has been vastly overtaken by more fashionable stones. demand has seen the value of some coloured stones increase by more than 2,000 per cent
an australian man died suddenly on wednesday after suffering a suspected heart attack while holidaying in bali. the 50-year-old collapsed just after ordering breakfast at the rooftop restaurant on the fourth floor of the 101 legian hotel in the tourist town of kuta where he was staying. he was unable to be revived , but a doctor at the scene said that it was likely he died of a heart attack. it 's believed that he was from seymour in victoria. the 50-year-old man collapsed and died at his hotel in the tourist town of kuta in bali. an autopsy has still to be carried out to find the exact cause of death ,
they share the same side-swept fair hair and cheeky smile ... and when they 're perched on steps wearing knee socks and pullovers decorated with grenadier guards , it 's royally difficult to tell these two little boys apart. but one is hrh prince george of cambridge , third in line to the throne and born into a life of palaces and privilege -- while the other is plain old tommy cox from colchester , essex. two-year-old tommy 's mother -- whose name , as it happens , is kate -- and father paul , 41 , are regularly stopped by
it 's the changing face of russian politics. when russian president vladimir putin appeared on tv today to insist none of the country 's troops are positioned in the ukraine , he looked decidedly fresh-faced for a man accused of war-mongering. the wrinkles on the 62-year-old 's forehead , clearly visibly in previous pictures , have disappeared , while his skin look smooth , taut , tanned and younger than ever. vladimir putin appeared on russian tv today like you have never seen him before - leading to questions that he has had cosmetic surgery to get rid of the bags under his eyes
as gwyneth paltrow files for divorce from chris martin , the couple whose split made them ` closer than they ever have been ' are still confounding their critics by playing nicely. even if you thought their ` conscious uncoupling ' was a load of goop from gwyneth , it was a refreshing change from the vicious slanging matches other celebrities engage in after a split. there are lessons to be learnt from the couple on how to split amicably - and how to stay friends with an ex. scroll down for video. tracey cox says that gwyneth and chris ' amicable split is refreshing and something we can learn from. how the couple got it right :. put
johannesburg -lrb- cnn -rrb- he checked the series of stills on his camera. it was then that photographer james oatway realized the entire attack had taken less than two minutes. it was the morning after a night of unrest in johannesburg 's alexandra township that saw foreign-owned shops looted and destroyed. mozambican emmanuel sithole was walking down a street when four south africans surrounded him. sithole pleaded for mercy , but it was already too late. the attackers bludgeoned him with a wrench , stabbed him with knives , all in broad daylight. and oatway had captured it all on his camera. ``
poppy smart complained to police after accusing builders of sexual harassment for wolf-whistling. when poppy smart was wolf-whistled at by builders on her walk to work , she at first tried to ignore it. but as the whistles and accompanying sexist comments turned into a daily ritual , the 23-year-old began to get upset. finally , after a month of unwanted attention from the men on the building site , the marketing co-ordinator decided she 'd had enough -- and called the police. miss smart , who recorded the constant whistling using her smartphone 's video function , also contacted one of the construction
the married at first sight star who once considered leaving her groom at the altar because she was unimpressed with his looks has revealed that she is finally ready to physically consummate their marriage , as her feelings for her new husband continue to grow. all three couples began their real journey towards domestic bliss on last night 's episode of the fyi reality show , as the newlyweds searched for new homes to call their own , but , surprisingly , it was jaclyn methuen and ryan ranellone who were brought closer together by process. and the two even ended the first day in their new home sharing a bedroom together. ` now i am looking at him in a sexual way instead of just looking at him like he 's my bud , ' the 30-year-old said of her new husband. scroll down for video. look of love : jaclyn methuen and ryan ranellone enjoyed a bottle of wine
at the grand old age of 75 , jack nicklaus is still capable of hitting aces. the golden bear added another magic moment to his storied career at augusta national in the par-3 contest. stepping up to the tee on the 130-yard fourth , the greatest golfer of all time saw his shot sail beyond the flag before spinning back into the hole. jack nicklaus gave the crowd something to cheer with a hole in one on the fourth during the par-3 contest. nicklaus holds up his ball to an adoring crowd as gary player -lrb- left -rrb- and ben crenshaw salute the great. crenshaw and nicklaus fist pump following his ace on the 130-yard hole at augusta national. nicklaus was playing
if virgil van dijk is absent from the shortlists for this season 's player of the year awards , celtic will surely fire off a stiff missive seeking clarification on the reasons. the prospect of a treble evaporated last sunday , an afternoon ronny deila now describes as the worst of his career. ` i sat and stared at the walls , ' said the norwegian of the aftermath. eight points clear of aberdeen with five games left to play , however , his outlook is suddenly brighter. dundee 's simon ferry -lrb- left -rrb- tussles for possession with celtic 's james forrest -lrb- right -rrb- on wednesday night. celtic 's jason denayer -lrb- left
at least one is dead after a powerful storm capsized several sailboats participating in a regatta , and crews searched late on saturday for at least four people missing in the waters , the coast guard said. the storm rolled through the area about 4 p.m. and a man was plucked from the waters by the coast guard around 9 p.m. , petty officer carlos vega said. he said crews would search through the night. ` we knew we were totally lost at sea , ' said regatta participant rhonda morgan gilreath , right , shown with her boyfriend randy rutledge of rome georgia on saturday. dauphin island regatta sailors gather near their docked sailboats on saturday , april 25 , 2015 , in dauphin island , alabama where coast guard officials said they
-lrb- cnn -rrb- south america 's atacama desert , one of the driest places on earth , resembles some of the faraway planets monitored by giant telescopes there. the lack of humidity provides optimal conditions to watch the sky and study the origins of the universe. `` it is pure visual silence , '' said photographer andres figueroa. `` it is amazing. there is absolutely no humidity , and -lrb- these conditions -rrb- create some striking contrasts. '' there , in that clear , inhospitably arid environment , figueroa turned his camera lens toward another discussion on cosmology , one rooted in the ancient folklore of the andean people. taking along his mobile
veteran bbc commentator peter alliss has said that the corporation should have tried harder to win the rights to the open championship and that attempts to give women equal rights in golf have 'cause d mayhem '. recent legislation has given women more rights in golf clubs , while st andrews and royal st george 's have both voted to admit female members for the first time. but alliss told the radio times magazine that equality for women had ` b ******* up the game for a lot of people '. veteran broadcaster peter alliss -lrb- second right -rrb- claimed gender equality laws
the overbearing and interfering mother-in-law is often jokingly portrayed as most people 's least favourite family member. and now a new poll on modern families reveals this is a reality for almost a quarter of britons -- who said their pet dog was more important to them than their in-laws. of the 2,071 people surveyed , 22 per cent cited their pets as a close family member , above in-laws -lrb- 21 per cent -rrb- but below grandparents at 26 per cent. scroll down for video. a new poll on modern families reveals almost a quarter of brits prefer their pets to their in-laws. the research commissioned by matalan for its made for modern families
apple ceo tim cook described the company 's eagerly anticipated watch as ` the most personal device we 've ever created '. and it may be the california-based firm 's most durable too. a sapphire glass screen used in the device has remained scratch-free after being subjected to being rubbed with sandpaper , keyed and even hit with a hammer. scroll down for video. a sapphire glass screen used in the device has remained unscratched after being subjected to being rubbed against a stone wall -lrb- pictured -rrb- and with sandpaper , keyed and even hit with a hammer. the test was carried out by cardiff-based iphone repairs specialist iphonefixed.co.uk , which used
by the time she turned five , amber rachdi , now 24 , from troutdale in oregon , weighed 11st - the same as the average adult woman. 19 years later and ms rachdi hit rock bottom : virtually housebound and in constant pain , she was ashamed of her enormous 46st -lrb- 657lb -rrb- frame. but after doctors warned that she would be dead by the age of 30 , the 24-year-old plucked up the courage to make a change and has since lost 20st in a year. scroll down for video. obese : at her heaviest , amber tipped the scales at an unhealthy 46st -lrb- 657lbs -rrb-. ` sometimes i think to myself i
graeme dott fears exhaustion will kill off his hopes of winning snooker 's betfred world championship. the 37-year-old , a qualifier this year , survived a series of twitches close to the winning line before clinching a 10-8 first-round victory over ricky walden at the crucible in sheffield on sunday. he bungled a yellow but was reprieved when walden blazed the green off the table. and although walden looked for snookers , his tournament was over once dott dropped in the blue. dott , who is through to the last 16 , remains aggrieved by having to play three best-of-19-frame matches just to get to the main draw. the previous format meant
-lrb- cnn -rrb- the next time you fly to see grandma in florida , look down. the next time you take the kids on a pilgrimage to see the talking mouse or head down to south beach for some sun/sin , get a window seat and spend the moments before landing contemplating the seemingly endless swamp below. because there are few places that represent the folly of man -- and the cost of redemption -- like the everglades. on approach into miami or orlando , it just looks like squishy wasteland full of things that want to hurt you : snakes and scorpions , rats and roaches , gators and mosquitoes. -lrb- a researcher once caught 365,000 bloodthirsty bugs in a single trap in a single night. -rrb-. as you drive along the tamiami trail , it
-lrb- cnn -rrb- the bizarre circumstances surrounding freddie gray 's death have inflamed tensions across the country. how could a man suffer a severe spinal cord injury after getting arrested ? and what happened in the 30 minutes before he was taken to a hospital ? gray wavered in and out of a coma and died sunday , one week after his arrest. it 's not clear how he suffered the spinal cord injury. but gray is far from the only suspect who died under questionable circumstances after he was already in custody. here are several other cases :. date of arrest : march
a high school teenager 's romantic prom proposal ended in disaster when his date burst into tears. daniel pena had spent hours planning the perfect way to pop the question to his girlfriend alex. the pair had been driving along a route together where , unbeknownst to his girlfriend , daniel had erected a series of signs along the road. a teen 's attempt to ask his girlfriend to the prom ended in tears when she misunderstood the proposal. together they read : ` alex. will. you. marry. lol jk. go to. prom. with me. ' the final question mark was hidden in the car ready for the teen to pull out at the end to ask his girlfriend in person. but sadly his elaborate
it looks like something straight out of a hollywood movie , and on april 1st , most cynics may assume the research vessel flip is a poorly considered joke. but the 355-foot scientific platform is genuine and has been used by the us office for naval research for more than 50 years. the rv flip does not have its own engine and has to be towed to the location of scientific study , where it turns 90 degrees , leaving just 50 feet above the surface. the reason behind the flip , is that with 300 feet below the surface , the vessel becomes incredibly stable. instead
an arrest warrant has been issued for disgraced afl premiership player ben cousins after he failed to appear in a perth court on traffic offences. cousins , 36 , has been on bail and was due to face fremantle magistrates court on wednesday morning but he did not appear. his lawyer claimed the former west coast eagles captain had conflicting medical appointments , and said he had a photograph of the document , but the court requires a hard copy. the magistrate had ordered cousins to produce written evidence of the conflicting appointments before 4pm wst or an arrest warrant would be issued. scroll down for video. ben cousins , 36 ,
a former u.s. marine who lost his right leg and several fingers in an explosion in afghanistan is making a second attempt to scale mount everest to inspire others like him , a year after an avalanche that killed 16 sherpa guides stopped him at the base camp. former staff sgt. charlie linville , 29 , from boise , idaho , is using a specially designed metal foot outfitted with a climbing boot and another one with crampons in his quest to conquer the 8,850-meter -lrb- 29,035-foot -rrb- summit next month. ` my message is anything is possible. it is just not me being an amputee , but anyone sitting on the couch around the world that has problems - you can overcome life , it
alaa abdullah esayed admitted encouraging terrorism by posting 45,000 tweets supporting isis. a woman posted tens of thousands of tweets supporting isis which included pictures of dead bodies and encouraging children to arm themselves with weapons. alaa abdullah esayed , from south london , uploaded 45,600 tweets in less than a year. some of the messages she posted between june 1 2013 and may 14 2014 , included pictures of the corpses of fighters killed in syria which she uploaded to her instagram account. her tweets also included a poem ` mother of the martyr ' which advises parents how to raise a child to be violent with weapons and learn
jose mourinho relishes the pre-match press conference. for the chelsea manager , it 's where the game begins , especially ahead of a match like sunday 's at arsenal , where his side could move three points away from securing the premier league with a victory. it was a surprise , therefore , to see him stumped at a question posed to him at the end of his media conference on friday. rarely , if ever , does the portuguese coach not know what to say. but after going to great lengths to insist there are ` no problems ' with arsene wenger after the pair clashed on the sidelines at stamford bridge last
-lrb- cnn -rrb- president abraham lincoln never lost his ardor for the united states to remain united during the civil war. in his second inaugural address he attempted to salve the nation with an eloquent summation of his philosophy and plans for putting it into practice. `` with malice toward none , with charity for all , with firmness in the right as god gives us to see the right , '' he orated , `` let us strive on to finish the work we are in to bind up the nations ' wounds , to care for him who shall have borne
melbourne , australia -lrb- cnn -rrb- a man stands on a beach in a distant land. waves lap his ankles. he wades through the gentle dawn light , arms outstretched , his head held high. he is fully dressed ; not a tourist but a freedom fighter. a photograph of this man , beamed around the world , becomes a universal symbol of the struggle against tyranny and the sweet triumph of liberty. it is 2015. the man is peter greste. if you thought the man might have been an anzac on the shores of gallipoli , such is the power of persuasion. it 's easy to lead a horse
the church of scientology is one on a long list of organisations that have been barred from using the anzac brand by the department of veteran affairs ahead of april 25. out of 384 applications that have inundated the department over the past 12 months about 80 per cent have been approved to use the word anzac , which stands for the australian and new zealand army corp.. forty-four items were rejected for a range of reasons , including it was too commercial or its name was inappropriate. scroll down for video. the church of scientology is one on a long list of organisations who have been reprimanded for using the word anzac. an anzac-branded port , an educational
-lrb- cnn -rrb- panic. tears. fear. all those feelings and more permeated cities , villages and camps around nepal on saturday , after a massive 7.8 magnitude earthquake struck around midday. hours later , after a wave of relentless aftershocks , many people still were too scared to go back inside any buildings. others crowded around rubble , including men and women racing to rescue those trapped. and then there are the hundreds already confirmed dead , not to mention the hundreds more who suffered injuries. below are some accounts from witnesses in the mountainous asian nation , in their own words. fast facts
surkhet , nepal -lrb- cnn -rrb- ten years ago , with her high school diploma and a backpack , maggie doyne left her new jersey hometown to travel the world before college. she lived in a buddhist monastery , helped rebuild a sea wall in fiji , then went to india and worked with nepalese refugees. there , she met a young girl who wanted to find her family in nepal. doyne went with her. that 's when doyne 's life took an unexpected turn. do you know a hero ? nominations are open for cnn heroes 2015. a decade-long civil war had just ended in the country , and doyne witnessed its
this is the university equality officer at the centre of a sexism and racism row pictured in front of a ` no white men ' sign showing their tears dripping into a cup. a picture of bahar mustafa , 27 , student union welfare and diversity officer at goldsmiths university in london , pretending to cry was posted online as she was being accused of discrimination. the handmade poster also refers to a ban on ` cis ' or cisgender men , a term used of those whose mental gender and physical sex match , which is the opposite of transgender. message
gary ballance hit a chanceless hundred for england on thursday - his fourth century in nine tests - that further closes the door on the banished kevin pietersen returning to the side whatever the ballyhoo. ballance 's 122 was the mainstay of england 's 333 for seven declared leaving west indies needing an unlikely 438 to win the first test. they finished the fourth day on 98 for two after another superb chris jordan slip catch made the breakthrough. gary ballance scored 122 as england took firm control of the first test against the west indies in antigua. ballance plays a sweep shot during his impressive innings
western australia -lrb- cnn -rrb- many australians are understandably appalled by the brutal and pointless executions of andrew chan and myuran sukumaran. the death penalty looks anachronistic and ineffective at the best of times , but to kill two people who had clearly made the most of their long periods of incarceration to transform themselves and make amends for their actions looks gratuitous and cruel. consequently , indonesia 's actions raise more general questions about the powers we give to states -- or , more accurately , to those who control the coercive apparatus of the state at any particular moment. as german sociologist max weber pointed out , one of the key features of an
-lrb- cnn -rrb- jon reiter is no stranger to mount everest -- its world-record height , its prestige , its challenges. and its dangers. he learned that again shortly before noon saturday , after a monster magnitude 7.8 earthquake struck nepal. it not only rattled cities like kathmandu and pokhara , but caused avalanches at everest and nearby peaks. reiter was safe but shaken by the devastation. he told his wife , susan , about his putting one dead person in a sleeping bag and zipping it up , seeing others killed by the falling ice and collapsing snow , and doing all he could to help others fighting for their lives. `` it 's been a really
a rare black flamingo amazed bird watchers when it was spotted feeding among a group of the traditionally pink birds in cyprus. the migratory bird was spotted at a salt lake near the british raf base at akrotiri on the island 's south coast close to the resort city of limassol. normally , the graceful birds have a pink hue caused by the levels of beto-carotene in their diet. scroll down for video. ruffling feathers : the unusual black flamingo was spotted near the coastal city of limassol on cyprus by birdwatchers. alexia perdiou , the base 's assistant environment officer , said it could be one-of-a-kind. ` of course we are all very excited because we believe it could be the only flamingo of its kind in the world
-lrb- billboard -rrb- the key to rock 's longevity is it never defines itself into irrelevance. so while there were some loud , dirty guitars at the 2015 rock and roll hall of fame induction ceremony in cleveland on saturday night , there was as much recognition for rock 's antecedents in soul and blues , speaking less to a particular taxonomy than a spirit that 's beyond words. it 's easy to talk of such spirit when paul mccartney is there to honor ringo starr , and yoko ono is on hand as well. speaking briefly backstage , ono expressed feeling that it was wonderful for starr to be honored , `` just sad john and george are n't here
as every celebrity and fashionista knows , no look is complete without a statement bag. but for many stars , such as madonna who 's been showing off her mock croc ` dealer ' purse , that statement is becoming increasingly controversial , with clutches and handbags emblazoned with unsavoury slogans and pictures. and bad taste bags now seem to be everywhere , with designers incorporating weapons , naked women and even abandoned babies into their ranges. femail takes a look at the worst offenders in the luggage department. madonna 's new handbag has caused a stir for its seemingly drug related slogan , after the pop legend shared a picture
chances are you 've been to malaga. well , the airport at any rate. every year , millions of us pass through on the way to the beaches of the costa del sol or palaces of granada. but , now , the southern spanish port is having a moment. thanks to a multi-million pound regeneration project , and several new galleries and museums , this once down-at-heel city has become one of europe 's hippest destinations. incoming : the centre pompidou malaga , a pop-up version of the parisian institution , has opened to visitors. along with a thriving cultural scene , there are good restaurants , great shopping and
a panda in china has been nicknamed ` the enduring brother ' -- for his record-breaking love-making. lu lu and partner zhen zhen mated for an impressive seven minutes and 45 seconds , setting a new record for the year at the sichuan giant panda research centre. a video of their sexual antics means that ` stud ' lu lu is now the talk of china , says the people 's daily. scroll down for video. panda lu lu -lrb- right -rrb- mated with female partner zhen zhen for nearly eight minutes , setting a new centre record. lu lu has been bestowed the name ` the enduring brother ' after his sexual prowess hit the headlines. it also means the chinese panda lasts longer than the average american man
-lrb- cnn -rrb- when photographer johan bavman became a father for the first time , he took more than a passing wonder about how his native sweden is said to be the most generous nation on earth for parental leave. he immersed himself in fatherhood -- twice over , you might say. he used his photography to document the real-life experience of other fathers taking full advantage of sweden 's extraordinary program , which allows mothers and fathers to take long , long leaves from their careers so they can care for their newborns. get this : sweden grants a total of 480 calendar days of parental leave , with 390 of them paid at 80 % of income
steven finn believes he has rediscovered the form that made him one of the most exciting fast-bowling prospects in england. finn was overlooked for the west indies tour , but has spent time since the world cup working on his run-up -- and watching videos of his best spells as a reminder of why he became the youngest english bowler to take 50 test wickets. ` i 've had my trials and tribulations over the last 12 months , ' he said. ` but i feel everything at the crease is as i want it to be. steven finn believes he 's regained his previous best
when george clooney tied the knot with british lawyer amal alamuddin in 2014 , they chose venice as the place to get married. and no wonder , this stunning city of marble palaces , ancient churches , canals and waterways is a magnet for those in love. come may , lovers of art will be flocking to the city too as it plays host to its biennale art festival , an exhibition when over 88 nations showcase their country 's best works of art in national pavilions dotted throughout the city. so if you 're heading there then , get a taste of ` la dolce vita ' clooney-style by taking in some of the places the couple
-lrb- cnn -rrb- andrew getty , the 47-year-old grandson of j. paul getty , died tuesday afternoon in his home in los angeles , according to a statement from his mother and father. ann and gordon getty also `` requested that members of the media and the public respect -lrb- the family 's -rrb- privacy during this extremely difficult time , '' the statement added. getty 's death `` appears to be natural -lrb- causes -rrb- or an accident , '' ed winter , assistant chief in the los angeles county coroner 's office , told cnn affiliate ktla tuesday night. some medication had also been recovered from getty 's home , though investigators do n't know if getty was currently taking it or
with pearl lowe and gavin rossdale for parents , there 's no denying that daisy lowe is rock and roll royalty. the genetically-blessed model proves she 's a chip off the old block in an edgy new beauty shoot for rodial. wearing a leather jacket and skinny black jeans , daisy smoulders in the new shoot to promote the beauty house 's contouring range. daisy lowe , 26 , is the ultimate rock chick as she rocks leather and heavy eye make-up in her new beauty shoot for rodial. the 26-year-old was chosen by the brand last year thanks to her ` modern , cool and quintessentially british edge. ' so how does she achieve that flawless look ? femail caught up with the young star to
the petite thai woman sitting by sir john madejski presents herself initially as a typical grandmother. she is also co-chairman of reading football club with madejski. lady sasima srivikorn is in her 70s with an endearing laugh and a royal blue scarf she has knitted especially for saturday 's fa cup semi-final against arsenal at wembley. like 73-year-old madejski , lady sasima is something of an eccentric. educated at london 's guildhall school of music and drama in the 1950s , she has been a singer and composer who wrote the theme song for the asian games. ` it was called reach for the stars , ' she says proudly before talking enthusiastically about her involvement with the bangkok symphony orchestra and her autobiography , a life by chance. reading
it 's every chocoholic 's dream come true - a mountain of easter eggs covering the entire house. but while lian marshall - pictured among the treats - does have two chocolate-loving daughters , this incredible bounty is not for them. ellie , 10 , and taylor , five , lost their eight-year-old brother harvey last year to a mystery illness , and when easter approached they decided to donate all their eggs to the patients at sheffield children 's hospital where he was cared for. lian marshall - pictured among the treats - has two chocolate-loving daughters but this incredible bounty is not for them. instead the eggs
this is the shocking moment a pit crew member was hit by a car on sunday during the inaugural indycar grand prix of louisiana. todd phillips , a front-outside tire changer for dayle coyne racing , was injured when he was struck by the car of francesco dracone , who had come in on lap 25 for tyres and fuel. dracone spun while exiting his put box , clipping phillips ' leg. todd phillips waits in the pit lane as the car makes a stop during the race in louisiana. the car of francesco dracone spun out of control in the wet conditions as phillips tried to get out the way. the rear end of the car made
these incredible photos are about as close to an adult version of where 's wally as you can get. blended into the background , these models are difficult to tell apart from their surroundings. camouflaged in body paint , women pose for the camera against a backdrop of overgrown woodland. a series of pictures by german artist jörg düsterwald show body-painted models camouflaged in woodland. in many of the pictures , the intricate detailing of the paint on the naked bodies means it is virtually impossible to determine where the person is. the jaw-dropping artwork is the brainchild of jörg düsterwald , a 49-year-old artist
-lrb- cnn -rrb- editor 's note -lrb- july 8 , 2015 -rrb- -- questions have arisen about the identity of the girl who dr. sanjay gupta helped operate on during a week in nepal in the aftermath of a devastating earthquake. cnn is looking into those questions and will update our coverage as warranted. gupta helped doctors at bir hospital in kathmandu perform a craniotomy in a makeshift operating room on a young patient as described in this story ; it is the identity of the patient that is in question. original story -lrb- published april 27 , 2015 -rrb- :. kathmandu , nepal -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- an ambulance arrives , and a young girl with a
a new reddit thread is offering some fascinating insights into the strange lives of men who have purchased mail-order brides. the discussion , which focuses on brides from russia and the philippines and has so far garnered more than 10,000 comments , asked users to spill the beans on what ` surprised ' them the most when they started living with their spouses. ' -lsb- she -rsb- spoke about sex the same way she spoke about housework , ' wrote one , while another confessed : ' i could always tell she was uncomfortable. it seemed like she was just doing a job. ' ruse awakening : the reddit thread asked users to spill the beans on what ` surprised ' them the most when they
hodor hodor hodor. hodor hodor ? hodor. hodor-hodor. hodor ! while this sentence might puzzle many , fans of the hit hbo show game of thrones , the fifth season of which had its us premiere last night , will understand the reference. hodor is the brawny , simple-minded stableboy of the stark family in winterfell. his defining characteristic , of course , is that he only speaks a single word : ` hodor. ' hodor , a character in game of thrones , earned his name because he says only the word ` hodor ' over and over again. he may have expressive aphasia , according to jordan lewis , of penn state medical school. but those who read the a song of ice and fire book series by george r
crusaders in chains. by robin esser. -lrb- palatino # 9.99 -rrb-. journalists tend to be a fund of good stories and robin esser , who has worked in national newspapers for 60 years , is no exception. what shines through this memoir is that journalism is a serious business , but it is also fun. his best stories are from his days as editor of the william hickey gossip column in the daily express. robin esser -lrb- pictured -rrb- has worked in newspapers for 60 years. once , he answered the phone and an aristocratic voice said : ` marlborough here. that awful chap bedford has been round blenheim writing `` woburn is better '' on our brochures and giving them to our visitors. that 's the sort of thing you
a sting set up by police between hollywood producer harvey weinstein and the woman who claims he groped her has revealed he did not deny touching the model , it has been reported. italian model ambra battilana , 22 , has claimed the 63-year-old hollywood producer asked her for a kiss and groped her during a ` business meeting ' at his tribeca office in manhattan on friday night. but while weinstein has spoken to police and denied the accusations , a recorded conversation between him and battilana shows he did not deny the incident , it has been claimed. ` he did n't deny doing what she said he did to her , ' the source told the new york daily news. ` the
the former miss italy finalist who has accused film mogul harvey weinstein of molesting her tried to use the accusation to secure a movie role , it has been alleged. ambra battilana , 22 , did not ` co-operate ' with authorities for four days after her initial report to police saying she was groped by weinstein during a ` business meeting ' at his office in manhattan. it has been claimed the delay was because the italian model and her manager were working behind the scenes to try and land her a film role. but once the ` pipe dream ' came to nothing ,
-lrb- cnn -rrb- much like the ardent young royal-watchers of today , enamored by the duchess of cambridge 's very being , i was similarly captivated by diana , princess of wales when i was a youngster. she was a rare breed : stunningly beautiful , immediately accessible , witty , charming and endearingly mischievous -- she was one in a million. of course that was long before the , `` there were three of us in this marriage , so it was a bit crowded , '' interviews and tell-all books alleging suicide attempts and acts of betrayal , but back then i was unaware of her more scandalous infamy. i simply adored
once in a while , a colossal chunk of ice breaks free from antarctica 's majestic landscape and drifts out into the ocean. in march , nasa was able to capture this remarkable event from space during a process that was months in the making. the monster iceberg , larger than manhattan , was spotted breaking away from west antarctica 's getz ice shelf by the u.s. national ice center -lrb- nic -rrb-. scroll down for video. last month , nasa captured a 17 miles -lrb- 27km -rrb- long iceberg being born in the west antarctica 's getz ice shelf. the image on the left shows the landscape before the iceberg broke three and on the right the monster berg floating in the ocean. glaciers in the amundsen sea
he 's part of one of the most famous , most watched , most talked-about families on the planet. but over the last year , rob kardashian - brother to kim , kourtney and khloe - has all but disappeared from the media spotlight. and now in newly released clips from this week 's episode of keeping up with the kardashians his family have once again expressed their concern for the once gregarious but now reclusive 28-year-old. scroll down for video. rob kardashian is rarely seen out and about and is thought to have struggled with his weight gain over the recent years. for
katia apalategui was inspired after seeing her mother cope with the loss of her husband by clinging to his pillow. pictured posed by model. a grieving daughter has come up with an unusual way to keep the memory of loved ones alive - by bottling their scent. seven years ago , katia apalategui 's mother coped with losing her husband by holding on to his pillowcase which his smell clung to. this inspired the 52-year-old french insurance saleswoman to think of a more permanent way to capture a person 's individual scent in a bid to help others in mourning. the strong link between smell and memory is the reason her product will provide `
more than 250 million emergency calls are made each year but two thirds have inaccurate location information , resulting in an estimated 10,000 deaths. to make this process easier , developers in boston have worked with global emergency response teams to create its one-touch-911 app. users can call the police , fire service , report a car crash or seek medical help at the press of a button - and it works even if you do n't have signal. developers in boston have worked with global emergency response teams to create its one-touch-911 app -lrb- pictured -rrb-. users can call the police , fire service , report a
an american who suffered third-degree burns to 70 per cent of his body in a childhood accident has faced his fears by becoming a firefighter. terry mccarty was just six years old when he was engulfed with flames after his brothers filled a bowl with kerosene which was set alight and accidentally knocked on to him. the 29-year-old , from hawthorne , nevada , endured 58 operations as well as cruel taunts from bullies who called him freddy krueger because of the scars on his face , body and arms. but he was determined to overcome the harrowing experience that had crippled his confidence for years. form victim to hero : terry mccarty was just six years old -lrb- left -rrb-
conor mcgregor has claimed he would ` kill ' floyd mayweather ` in less than 30 seconds ' if he was ever pitted against the best boxer in the world. mcgregor , who is preparing for his world title fight against ufc featherweight champion jose aldo in july , said mayweather lacked the skills in areas other than boxing. ' i do n't look at a man who 's expert in one area as a specialist , ' he told esquire. ' i look at him as a rookie in ten other areas. if you can box , what happens if i grab hold of your legs ? conor mcgregor , posing here with his
thailand 's kiradech aphibarnrat produced a brilliant finish to claim his second european tour title and break chinese hearts in the inaugural shenzhen international on sunday. teenager li hao-tong looked to have done enough to secure a hugely popular victory on home soil , the 19-year-old emerging from a crowded leaderboard to card a closing 67 to finish 12 under par. that left overnight leader aphibarnrat two shots behind with two holes to play , only for the 25-year-old to hole from 18 feet for an eagle on the 17th and then miss from 12 feet for what would have been a winning birdie on the last. kiradech aphibarnrat poses with the trophy having won his second european tour
a mother-of-three has told of how a boob job saved her life -- as she discovered she had cancer after knocking one of her newly-enlarged breasts. leza davies , from telford , shropshire , believed breast feeding had left her chest saggy and thought implants would boost her confidence. the 33-year-old saved up # 4,000 to go from a 34a to a 34d and was pleased with her new look. then , in april 2012 , she was sorting out some washing and knocked her right breast on a door frame because of its increased size. scroll down for video. leza davies ,
terrified : miriam , 11 -lrb- left -rrb- , and ayesha , nine -lrb- right -rrb- , are currently living in fear in their basement. a terrified british family who are stuck in a basement in war-torn yemen have launched a desperate appeal to be evacuated to the uk. louise henderson alakil , 49 , moved to the middle eastern country 27 years ago and worked as a teacher at the international school in the capital sanaa until recent fighting forced it to close. she is now hiding in a shelter below her family home on the outskirts of the city with her youngest children , miriam , 11 , and ayesha , nine , amid heavy shelling and while bombs fall all around them. britons have been advised to
prince william is due at the cenotaph on the same day the duchess of cambridge is due to give birth. prince william is due to accompany the queen and duke of edinburgh on an official engagement next saturday -- the same day his wife is reportedly expected to give birth. despite the clash , the duke of cambridge plans to do ` everything he can ' to be at the official commemorations to mark the centenary of the gallipoli and anzac campaigns at the cenotaph on april 25 , kensington palace said yesterday. a spokesman for william said : ` the duke 's intention is to be at the commemorations. being the 100th anniversary , it is very important to him. ' although her due date has not
james ward -lrb- pictured -rrb- was left with a severed finger and wounds all over of his body after being attacked at his home by axe-wielding intruders. a father-of-six who was attacked with an axe lost a finger in the incident which left him needing 38 staples to seal wounds all over his body. james ward , 31 , of burnley , lancashire , also had several other fingers partially severed and surgeons were forced to use staples to seal wounds to his head , legs , and back. they managed to reattach his left index finger. mr ward is now in hiding and is too afraid to return to his home and see his children because he fears
britain 's public schools are now the very image of tradition but behind their establishment image lies a history of rebellion and revolution. the hidden story of some of the country 's most prestigious and best-known public schools - including eton -- is one of barricades and mutinies so fierce they nearly proved the institutions ' undoing. a new book by former education journalist david turner , the old boys , lays bare the little-known history. scroll down for video. eton 's famous wall game : the new book was inspired by david cameron 's comparison to flashman in tom brown 's school days. winchester college experienced six full-scale rebellion in the 18th and 19th centuries - one
duke was not the only big winner following monday 's ncaa championship game. in an upset even more surprising than the blue devils victory over the slightly favored wisconsin badgers , sam holtz , a 12-year-old sixth grader from lake zurich , illinois , beat out 11.5 million entries to win the annual espn tournament challenge. and for this impressive feat , sam gets bragging rights and an amazing sense of accomplishment. but not the actual grand prize of a $ 20,000 best buy gift card and an all-inclusive trip for two to the maui jim maui invitational college basketball tournament in hawaii this november. for that prize , valued at $ 30,000 , sam would have to
-lrb- cnn -rrb- robert downey jr. is making headlines for walking out of an interview with a british journalist who dared to veer away from the superhero movie downey was there to promote. the journalist instead started asking personal questions about the actor 's political beliefs and `` dark periods '' of addiction and jail time. twitter , of course , is abuzz : did journalist krishnan guru-murthy go too far ? must every interview be a license for a journalist to ask anything he 'd like ? from the start of the 7-minute television interview , it seems evident that downey is not particularly interested in being
real madrid are keeping tabs on liverpool contract rebel raheem sterling. bernabeu legend zinedine zidane , now managing the spanish giants ' castilla b-team but long tipped for the no 1 role , insists the club are looking for the world 's best youngsters to add to their squad. sterling would certainly fit the bill. the england winger , who has netted six times in the premier league this season , is at loggerheads with the anfield hierarchy over a new deal. zinedine zidane has revealed la liga giants real madrid are keen on signing liverpool winger raheem sterling. zidane -lrb- left , pictured with real madrid boss carlo ancelotti -rrb-
barry bonds has been cleared legally after 11 1/2 years in court. his reputation remains tainted in the mind of many baseball fans. a federal court of appeals threw out the career home run leader 's obstruction of justice conviction on wednesday , ruling 10-1 that his meandering answer before a grand jury in 2003 was not material to the government 's investigation into illegal steroids distribution. ` today 's news is something that i have long hoped for , ' bonds said in a statement. overturned : in this april 13 , 2011 , file photo , former baseball player barry
down augusta way they say the azaleas are in full bloom , which is more than can be said for england 's justin rose. a bruising florida swing last month saw the englishman fall outside the world 's top 10. for a player who has been virtually a fixture in the top five for the last three years it was certainly a dent to the ego , with the masters now just around the corner. rose 's solution to his miserable form -- three missed cuts and a 55th-place finish at the cadillac championship in four pga tour starts -- was
a man has been arrested after crashing through two fences and sprinting from police onto a runway during an eight-minute chase at a utah airport. the events unfolded during a routine traffic stop after airport police tried to stop the car with its bumper dragging. the chase then started on a public road near salt lake city international airport on monday at 3am. leo greene , 39 , of salt lake city was asked to hand over the keys to his car by police when he drove off , crashed through the fence lines and onto the tarmac area before crashing into another fence. leo greene , 39 , of salt lake city has been arrested after crashing through two fences
for many people there is nothing worse than wasting food , especially when it comes to that half eaten loaf of bread. but now bon apetit has come up with a genius way to revive your stale loaf and it involves running it under the tap. and whilst it might sound like an unusual move , they promise that this trick will revive your crusty old bread before dinner time. bon apetit have revealed that the best way to revive a stale loaf of bread is to run it under water before baking it in the oven. the first step they suggest is to take your stale bread and run it under your tap. it does n't matter if
reanne evans , the 10-time ladies ' snooker world champion , begins her bid to make history and reach the world championship finals. the 29-year-old from dudley would be the first woman ever to reach the crucible should she win three qualifiers , but she faces a tough start in the form of 1997 world champion ken doherty. watch all the action below with our live video. reanne evans faces ken doherty -lrb- right -rrb-
the skeleton of a new species of giant predatory bird that terrorised the earth 3.5 million years ago has been discovered and is helping to reveal how these creatures would have sounded. palaeontologists say the four feet -lrb- 1.2 metres -rrb- tall bird is the most complete skeletons of a ` terror bird ' - a group of flightless prehistoric meat-eating birds - to be discovered. the south american bird has been named llallawavis scagliai - meaning scaglia 's magnificent bird after one of argentina 's famous naturalists galileo juan scaglia. scroll down for video. llallawavis scagliai -lrb- shown in the reconstruction above -rrb- would have had powerful jaws but limited hearing. it was so well preserved
sania mirza became the first indian to climb to the top of the wta doubles ranking after she teamed up with swiss great martina hingis to claim the family circle cup title. the 28-year-old won her third successive doubles title with hingis , beating casey dellacqua and darija jurak 6-0 , 6-4 in just 57 minutes , to achieve the top ranking milestone. ` when you start off as a child playing tennis , you dream of being no 1 in the world. it 's a dream for every person ; very few get there. i feel extremely honoured to be no1 , it 's
for those in the west , amusement parks are a popular day out , with hundreds of millions of visitors flocking to the most popular theme parks each year. however , for children living in pakistan 's slums , often forced into relocation due to fighting in tribal areas , there is often little entertainment offered. but there are some facilities popping up in poor areas on the outskirts of major cities , with makeshift parks providing the chance to play and laugh with others and escape their difficult lives , if only for a few hours. scroll down for video. a pakistani man who fled his village due to fighting between security forces and militants in pakistan 's tribal area of bajur ,
a darwin woman has become a tv sensation in the philippines , earning a legion of adoring fans in southeast asia and an award nomination for her role in the country 's answer to us hit series modern family. after struggling to hit the big time in australia , bubbly blonde natalia moon followed her dreams and moved to the philippines in 2012. she became fluent in the local language , tagalog , in the hope of becoming a star. scroll down for video. natalia moon -lrb- pictured -rrb- learned filipino language tagalog to score a role on sitcom ismol family. the darwin
it was a gruesome death that is the stuff of most people 's nightmares. now scientists have identified the unfortunate individual whose bones were found fused to the walls of a cave in lamalunga , near altamura , in southern italy. using analysis of dna extracted from the bones sticking out from the limestone rock , researchers have found he was a neanderthal who fell down a sinkhole around 150,000 years ago. scroll down for video. genetic analysis of the bones -lrb- above -rrb- of ` altamura man ' , found entombed in limestone in a cave in altamura , italy , has revealed that they
an estimated 957,000 shoppers in the us alone ordered apple watches on friday and this popularity surpassed expectations - even apple 's. in a leaked memo from the firm 's angela ahrendts , the retail chief said that customers wo n't be able to buy an apple watch in store ` through the month of may ' due to ` high global interest combined with our initial supply. ' it was expected to launch on 24 april. ms ahrendts added it had not been an easy decision and would provide more updates as the firm gets ` closer to in-store availability. ' scroll down for video. in a leaked memo from apple 's angela ahrendts the retail chief wrote : ` due to high global interest combined with our
as the final episodes of poldark approach , men across the nation have longed for respite from the hysteria over heartthrob aidan turner. but the bad news -- for them , at least -- is that any well-earned break wo n't last for long. tv chiefs yesterday announced the cornwall-set drama will be coming back for eight more episodes after it helped bbc1 deliver its strongest start to a year for a decade. scroll down for video. fans , rejoice ! aidan turner has been signed up for a second series of bbc period drama poldark. bbc1 boss charlotte moore confirmed that turner 's broody ross would return for another series , alongside actress eleanor tomlinson , who plays love interest -- and now wife -- demelza. ` i can
that 's me and ` daddy. ' karl lagerfeld and choupette. her trademark hair is thick , glossy and silky smooth. her sapphire blue eyes are piercing and stare icily ahead making little effort to disguise the contempt she feels for all before her. the lady in question is choupette , the moody french sensation taking the modelling world by storm and who , last year , clawed in over # 2 million in fees , outstripping the earnings of bushy-eyebrowed supermodel-of-the-moment cara delevingne. designer karl lagerfeld says : ` she is the centre of the world , when you see her you understand. she is kind of
dancing with the stars co-host erin andrews surfaced for the first time after her nhl star boyfriend jarret stoll was busted at a pool party at the mgm grand hotel , allegedly with cocaine and molly tucked into his swim trunks. stoll , 32 , who currently plays with the los angeles kings , was booked for drug possession and released on $ 5,000 bond friday. tmz reports the nhl player passed through security on his way to the wet republic pool at the las vegas hotel when a security guard found a ` pink baggie ' filled with 3.3 grams of cocaine and ` gel-caps ' containing 8.1 grams of molly. scroll down for video. spotted : andrews , who co-hosts dancing with the stars and works as an nfl sideline reporter
the us body that regulates internet addresses is looking to crack down on a canadian company using the new '. sucks ' domain name to extract exorbitant sums from celebrities such as kevin spacey and companies looking to protect their reputations. so far , purchased names include youtube.sucks , bing.sucks , visa.sucks , bankofamerica.sucks , yahoo.sucks , telusmobility.sucks and other major brand names. kevin spacey has reportedly paid have his his '. sucks ' domain taken down. kevin spacey is reportedly among celebrities paying out to have their name removed from one of the '. sucks ' domains which opened on 30 march. taylor swift has also had to spend defensively in the past to remove her name from '. porn ' and '. adult ' domains attacking her , cnbc reported. the internet
-lrb- cnn -rrb- those poor fish must have been wondering what the heck was happening to them. the oregon parks and recreation department has reported that a section of a fiberglass boat 20 or 30 feet long was spotted off the state 's coast this week and has been towed into harbor. the debris is suspected to be from the earthquake and tsunami that hit japan on march 11 , 2011. the boat fragment was found this week and towed to newport , oregon , where it is moored at a marina. inside were found -- more than four years and 4,000 miles later , if officials ' suspicions
ready , set ... crack ! this is the moment a two-year-old boy is reduced to tears as he loses an easter egg rolling race - before he 's even set off. video footage shows blaine taylor from aberdeen , scotland , competing against his older brother , cody. but as he goes to roll his egg down a grassy hill , he accidentally steps on it with shell and yolk mushed into the ground. ` it 's broken , ' he exclaims as he surveys the mess below him. immediately blaine starts wailing with tears welling up in his eyes. the
-lrb- cnn -rrb- easter is a cornerstone event in the christian faith , but it 's surrounded by interesting quirks. it celebrates the completion of christ 's mission of salvation in the crucifixion and resurrection. by dying on good friday , christ atoned for the sins of others ; by rising from the grave on sunday , christ conquered death. simple enough and reason for christians to celebrate. but , like christmas with its tree , ornaments and santa claus , easter has picked up its peripheral trappings -- the bunny and colorful eggs. unlike christmas , it does n't fall on the same day every year but shifts around in spring depending upon cosmic events. and that blood moon we just had -- is it pure
-lrb- cnn -rrb- seven people -- including illinois state university associate men 's basketball coach torrey ward and deputy athletic director aaron leetch -- died when their small plane crashed while heading back from the ncaa tournament final. the aircraft went down overnight monday about 2 miles east of the central illinois regional airport in bloomington , mclean county sheriff 's office sgt. bill tate said. that 's about 5 miles from the campus of illinois state , where ward and leetch both worked. it was not immediately known who else was on the aircraft , which the national transportation safety board tweeted was a cessna 414. the plane was coming back
bayern munich will be without versatile left-back david alaba for the closing stages of the season after he was ruled out for around seven weeks with a torn knee ligament. alaba , out for three months earlier this season after a partial ligament tear in his right knee , was injured while playing for austria in their 1-1 draw against bosnia on tuesday. ' i am bitterly disappointed , ' the 22-year-old told the club 's website. ` but i have a big aim and that is to be there at the season finale. ' david alaba is tackled by emir spahic 's tackle during austria 's 1-1 draw against bosnia-herzegovina. marc
fernando alonso , whose youthful brilliance usurped even michael schumacher in the autumn of his career , considered a life beyond formula one. this full-blooded driver , who has proved himself probably the best of his generation during 15 dazzling yet sometimes turbulent seasons , said mclaren would be his last team and that when he walks out of the paddock for ever he will barely take a backward glance. ` i will close the loop on that part of my life , ' he said ahead of sunday 's chinese grand prix. fernando alonso says he will retire from formula one once his deal with mclaren-honda comes to
dr mehmet oz 's fellow faculty members at columbia have written an op-ed lashing out at how his ` unsubstantiated medicine ... sullies the reputation ' of the university - in just the latest attack on his talk show tactics. but they also leap to the physician 's defense in the piece , saying that his on-air ` ozisms ' should not cancel out his stellar work at the university , where he has an unblemished record as a doctor. the eight staff wrote the op-ed for usa today after 10 doctors urged columbia to sever all ties with oz , who serves as vice
april 2 , 2015. an unstable middle eastern country has become a potential battlefield for a proxy war. today on cnn student news , hear an explainer on why yemen is the focus of global concern. we also report on the origins of april fools ' day , we detail how a 1,000-year-old recipe could cure a modern-day superbug , and we feature a character study on a woman who 's steering kids to a better life. on
when even injuries are working in leicester 's favour , the other teams around the relegation zone should begin to worry. leonardo ulloa was not supposed to be starting this match , left out in favour of andrej kramaric. but when david nugent suffered injury in the warm-up , ulloa was sent on. inside 15 minutes he scored a goal that provided the platform for a victory that looks increasingly like being part of a truly great escape. that familiar melody was hummed loudly by leicester 's fans at full-time , fuelled by andy king 's late second goal and the sight of their team moving off the bottom of the table for the first time since
-lrb- cnn -rrb- video may have killed the radio star , but in norway it 's digital that 's killing fm radio. in two years ' time , the scandinavian nation is slated to become the first in the world to phase out radio entirely. that does n't mean that norwegians will be left with radio silence ; they 'll merely have to tune in digitally. according to officials in oslo , many in this nation of 5 million have already made the move. on fm , norwegians can only find five stations. on the digital audio broadcasting network , there are four times that number. half the country already listens that
the wife of a florida chef who was killed by a suspected drunk driver on saturday has given birth his son , only three days following his death. ana granucci davis , 28 , wife of st petersburg chef aaron davis , 31 , gave birth to their son andrew aaron lawrence on tuesday. ` andrew and i are doing very well and we are both ready to take on this new adventure together with audrey , my daughter , ' mrs davis told the tampa bay times following her son 's birth. scroll down for video. aaron davis , head chef at the kitchen , fatally struck by 25-year-old jason lanard mitchell on saturday around 2am , according to police -lrb- aaron pictured right
set in the grey stones of the victorian chapel , the red of the two doors makes a bold , slightly unexpected statement. but that distinctive splash of colour is the only clue to the identity of the man who turned this building into a family home. in the early 1970s , sir richard branson brought the chapel into residential use while he was setting up his virgin recording business. and from then until the present day , the virgin logo -- which has gone on to adorn trains , planes and a multitude of other businesses -- has always been printed in the red
a middle-aged grandmother and her husband are defying their critics by celebrating their tenth wedding anniversary , despite their 29-year age gap. william smith was just 15 when he fell in love with his best friend 's mother , marilyn buttigieg , who was then 44 years old. the couple , from crawley , west sussex , shared their first date and kiss in september 2005. they came under fire from family and friends for the substantial age gap when they became an item when william was 16. scroll down for video. william smith was just 16 when he fell in love with his best friend 's mother ,
what was supposed to be a day spent visiting a famous earthwork sculpture soon turned into a massive rescue effort as 20 strangers joined forces to help rescue a dog out of a tar pit. with no cell phone reception to call for help , owner tom george had to leave his dog shelby stuck in a pool by the great salt lake 's spiral jetty and drive an hour out to the nearest town. but , lucky for george , a family was willing to stay with shelby - and only more and more strangers followed as they heard his story. scroll down for video. twenty strangers
master patissier eric lanlard is on-stage recalling how he once refused to bake a ` very rude ' cake for naomi campbell. ` her pa said : `` but it 's for naomi ! '' i told her that i did n't care if it was for the queen , ' says eric. learning from the master : tamara shows off the cooking skills she has picked up from eric lanlard. as it happens , when hm toured the cruise ship britannia after the naming ceremony last month , one of the areas she was most impressed with was eric 's
joy behar and kelly ripa shared their grief on monday over the tragic death of cosmetic surgeon dr fredric brandt who hanged himself at his miami mansion. the city of miami police department confirmed that dr brandt 's death on sunday was a suicide by hanging. an autopsy was scheduled on monday , the coroner confirmed. comedian and former the view star , joy behar , tweeted on monday : ` dr brandt was one of the sweetest , nicest , most generous people i have had the good fortune to meet & work with. he will be sorely missed. ' morning show host , kelly ripa , posted : ` my
marathon season is in full swing with the london marathon set to take place a week on sunday. the long distance runners will inspire many to take up running and as the evening gets lighter and the weather gets warmer , it 's the perfect time to pull on your trainers and get fit. but what trainers should you go for ? running is often celebrated as a budget sport because you do n't have to pay expensive gym fees or buy lots of equipment. but trainers can be costly - proved by the latest adidas boost shoes that have gone on sale for # 130. femail writer and marathon runner lucy waterlow tested out # 130 adidas ultra boost trainers against aldi 's budget # 19.99 pair ahead of the
tyler walker is a player who could form nottingham forest 's attack for years to come , according to manager dougie freedman. the 18-year-old striker came off the bench to score an impressive first goal of his senior career at brentford on east monday. it took him level with a forest legend of the same surname : his dad des , a scorer just once in 408 games for the club. tyler walker celebrates after scoring his first senior goal for nottingham forest away to brentford. a source of mirth around the dinner table ? quite probably , although the younger walker still has some way to go to match his father 's feats.
recently released dashcam footage from a florida police car taken in september of 2013 shows an unarmed black man being shot four times after he was followed while he rode a bicycle. dontrell stephens did n't die after he was shot by palm beach county sheriff 's office deputy adam lin , but the then-20-year-old was paralyzed from the waist down after the shooting. the only item stephens had on his person when he was shot was a cellphone. dashcam footage from a florida cop car taken in september of 2013 shows dontrell stephens being followed. stephens -lrb- center -rrb- was
a white german shepard puppy named lt.dan from south carolina born without his paw now has a new friend who understands his unique struggle. on monday the nine-week-old puppy was given to three-year-old sapphyre johnson who is missing both of her feet. ` he 's just like me ! , ' the toddler exclaimed with joy the first time she ever saw a photo of lt. dan. the dog 's original owner karen riddle said that lt. dan , who was born with eight other puppies in a litter - and could have been euthanized. missing their feet : of the nine pups in the litter , lt. dan , named for the
bastia president pierre-marie geronimi has called for french league -lrb- lfp -rrb- president frederic thiriez to step down after he did not come down to the pitch to shake the players ' hands ahead of saturday 's league cup final. ` if you want to be president of a league with 41 clubs instead of 42 , you must go , ' geronimi told rmc radio on sunday. ` what happened last night -lsb- saturday -rsb- is unacceptable. sporting -lsb- bastia -rsb- demands that he goes. ' french league president frederic thiriez -lrb- right -rrb- has been asked to resign by bastia president pierre-marie geronimi.
if anyone won this debate it was the women. their less choreographed style of body language gave the impression we were listening to real messages from real people rather than watching spin doctors ' puppets performing. overall i 'm sure miliband 's coaching team will be patting themselves on the back and declaring a win but his gesticulation and approach looked as manicured and choreographed as a torville and dean routine. scroll down for video. nicola sturgeon -lrb- pictured -rrb- is a smiling assassin , making her a tricky opponent for cameron to stand next to. in his après-paxman mode , david cameron -lrb- pictured -rrb- was looking serious and oozing leadership charisma. cameron
islamic state has released a new set of disturbing propaganda photos , showing off their growing number of military markets in iraq and syria. with the fighting fiercer than ever , the extremist group have already started to convert local markets to supply the growing number of barbarous jihadis in their ranks. even young children appear to be allowed to browse through the market , with some of the children wearing their own miniature uniforms. scroll down for video. isis fighters as well as local residents and children appear to be able to freely wander through the market. no women appear in any of the photos. at a time of war when prices are soaring , unsurprisingly none of the items appear to have
the white house was stalling for time on wednesday as talks with iran over its nuclear program threatened to stretch into another day of overtime. president barack obama 's spokesman refused to give reporters an update on the status of the meetings or scheduling , saying he would leave those announcements to negotiators. but he confirmed that ` the sense that we have is yes , that the talks continue to be productive and that progress is being made. ' speculation was swirling on wednesday afternoon that representatives from the six countries , including the u.s. , participating in the switzerland-based
sitting in a restaurant with friends , teresa james pushed food longingly around her plate , desperate to eat but unable to stand the pain it would cause. her mouth felt as if it were on fire , her gums were beginning to blister and her teeth had grown so sensitive that she knew that if so much as a sip of water came into contact with them she would wince. but teresa 's agony was tempered with pride , because when she did manage to summon a smile , it was the most dazzling at her table. teresa james , 40 -lrb- pictured -rrb- , believes the discomfort
-lrb- cnn -rrb- tornadoes , fierce winds and severe thunderstorms with large hail are predicted for the midwest and for the plains , from the ozarks eastward to the lower ohio valley , on thursday and friday , the national weather service said. severe weather is perilous anytime , of course , but cnn meteorologist chad myers says that tornado conditions are more dangerous during the night. `` tornadoes can be more deadly when people are sleeping and not paying attention to the warnings , '' he said. scattered storms will soak illinois and missouri , and wind and hail will continue to be moderate
arsenal moved further clear of the two manchester clubs in second place , and kept the pressure up on leaders chelsea , as they held on to beat a spirited burnley at turf moor. arsene wenger 's side were far from their best , but aaron ramsey 's early goal put them ahead and burnley , for all their endeavour , did n't create too many clear-cut chances. here 's how sportsmail rated each player ... burnley. tom heaton : saved well from ozil in the build-up to arsenal 's goal but was unfortunate his defenders could not clear. 7. kieran trippier : forced ospina into a good save with a curling free-kick and delivered well from
she shot to fame as the half-naked cavorting star of robin thicke 's steamy blurred lines video and landed a role in gone girl alongside industry heavyweights ben affleck and rosamind pike. ever since , emily ratajkowski has become an object of desire for men worldwide - and women everywhere are desperate to emulate her curves. a newly unveiled set of photographs show london-born emily , 23 , showing off her enviable figure - so what 's her secret ? scroll down for video. emily ratajkowski swears by hiking , yoga and occasional indulgence when it comes to maintaining her enviable figure. the american model , who saw her star rocket since being cast in the video for the controversial song
a virginia man has won the right to see his son , even thought the child was conceived through the woman using a turkey baster , a court has ruled ,. robert preston boardwine provided his friend joyce rosemary bruce with sperm and she impregnated herself using the kitchen accessory in 2010. she had opted for the bizarre method of conception because she believed that the absence of intercourse would mean mr boardwine had no parental rights. after the boy was born , the pair disagreed on the level of involvement mr boardwine would have in his son 's life , with ms bruce intent on raising him alone. unusual method : a
west of baghdad , iraq -lrb- cnn -rrb- the call from faleh essawi , the deputy chief of the provincial council , who we were supposed to be meeting up with , came just as we were about to hit the bridge -- the only safe route from baghdad to neighboring anbar province. `` isis has taken the east of the city , it 's not accessible , '' he says , sounding frantic , rapidly rattling off the neighborhoods and areas isis fighters had just stormed into. moments later , we see the impact : an endless stream of humanity , shell shocked , and exhausted. parents cradle babies in blankets , some struggle under the weight
-lrb- cnn -rrb- fast-food outlet burger king will sponsor the wedding of an illinois couple. not just any couple -- these are the nuptials of joel burger and ashley king. they accepted the restaurant chain 's offer to pay for their july affair on monday. `` we are very appreciative of burger king and ca n't thank them enough for their generosity ! '' said king. it all started after their engagement in october. the couple had a little fun with the name coincidence and posed by a burger king restaurant sign for a photo. they were interviewed by reporter dave bakke of the
aaron ramsey has scored 25 goals for arsenal since the start of last season , none more vital than a dramatic extra-time winner in the fa cup final. but his last one -- the only goal of the game at burnley -- meant the world , because it was for someone special. ` i 've had a tough few weeks , ' said ramsey , who pointed skywards after scoring at turf moor. ` i 've been on an emotional rollercoaster of late. my gran passed away a few weeks ago and she meant an awful lot to me. we had a great relationship and i 've dedicated my last couple of goals to her. aaron ramsey celebrates his goal against burnley by dedicating it to
a woman who lost more than three stone in six months by using gastric band hypnosis was mistaken for her husband 's new lover by his amazed colleagues. andrea lindsay , 43 , from prescot , merseyside , transformed her appearance leaving her almost unrecognisable to friends and family. the mother-of-one shed more than three stone using an hypnosis app and dropped from a size 18 to a size ten to 12 in half a year. andrea lindsay , 43 , from prescot , merseyside , shed more than three stone using an hypnosis app. andrea hit her target weight in
a photojournalist who grew up in an ultra orthodox jewish home in israel has revealed the intriguing rituals , ceremonies and customs performed by his community in a series of images. yaakov naumi 's fascinating photographs include a man lying in a grave to prolong life , a chicken being walked on a piece of string and men tying a rope to a bride and dancing around her. naumi , 32 , who was raised in the israeli town of bnei brak and educated in an ultra orthodox school , admitted that some of the rituals , when viewed with the eyes of an outsider , ` look strange '. scroll down for video. a jewish man lies
a woman who won $ 1million off a scratch-off lottery ticket given to her in a birthday card from a friend plans to share her earnings with her friend 's family. theresa dybalski , a retired insurance company from lackawanna , new york , was celebrating at a birthday lunch when she received the ticket. her friend who gave it to her , however , has died since dybalski 's birthday. so she plans to share her winnings with family members of her friend , who has not been named. theresa dybalski , a retired insurance company from lackawanna , new york , won $ 1million off of a $ 5 scratch off lottery ticket. the ticket
a grand home owned by president richard nixon and dubbed the western white house has been put on sale for $ 75million. the 5.45 acre estate in san clemente , california was bought by the former commander in chief in 1969 , six months into his presidency. nixon entertained 17 heads of state at the home , which was built in 1926 and overlooks the pacific ocean. scroll down for video. western white house : the home , pictured above in 1969 when nixon bought it , is now on sale for $ 75million. the entrance of the 5.45 acre estate , dubbed la casa pacifica , pictured today. heads of
first impressions are not necessarily the best. when adam lyth scratched around for 22 in a championship match against nottinghamshire in 2008 , graeme swann branded him a ` walking wicket '. ` but then , ' swann added. ` he proved us all wrong. ' lyth , one of six yorkshire players in the england squad that left heathrow on thursday for three tests in the caribbean , hit back in that match seven years ago with a second-innings of 132. wisden later called him ` the find of the season '. yorkshire 's adam lyth fields during day three of
-lrb- cnn -rrb- a federal grand jury has charged millionaire real estate heir robert durst , a convicted felon , with unlawful possession of a firearm. in this week 's indictment , durst , 71 , is accused of possessing a .38 caliber revolver , which authorities allegedly found in his hotel room last month. he faces a maximum of 10 years in prison if found guilty of that charge , according to the indictment. the charge is the latest in a litany of accusations. a louisiana judge ruled last month that durst , who is charged with first-degree murder , will
a man had to be airlifted to the hospital after being bit by a shark friday afternoon while spearfishing on the coast of florida. the bull shark took a bite out of his back , torso and head , according to witnesses in palm beach , florida. blood covered the boat which was anchored off the jupiter inlet , a hot spot for fishing. horrific : this is the man who was bitten by a shark on the right side of his head as well as his back and torso. the victim , who has not been identified , was airlifted to
ahead of golf 's first major of the year , where all talk is of whether rory mcilroy can complete a career grand slam or how tiger woods ' latest comeback will fare , sportsmail 's derek lawrenson will bring daily updates from behind the scenes at augusta. world no 1 rory mcilroy shields himself from the rain during a practice round at augusta. vintage poults ! you got ta love ian poulter. even after all these years , the englishman could barely contain his excitement at driving down magnolia lane for the masters. only one problem. as he got out of the car , he realised he 'd left one rather important item back at his rental home. his golf clubs. englishman ian poulter was so excited to get started at augusta that he forgot his clubs. can flu-hit
with house prices soaring , it 's not easy finding somewhere to live. and this community has thrown in the towel. meet seattle 's rolling neighborhood of rvs , where each unassuming vehicle is a capsule home. the unusual format has been captured in a series of photographs by visual journalist anna erickson. meet bud dodson , 57 , and welcome to his home : an rv in seattle 's sodo where he watches over the parking lot in exchange for a spot. no place like home : john warden , 52 , has turned his $ 200 vehicle into his
a resourceful firefighter has been filmed rescuing six ducklings trapped in a storm drain - using a duck quacking ringtone to lure them out of their hiding place. cody knecht , of st. tammany fire district in louisiana , was sent out to rescue the baby mallards after residents reported seeing them fall down the drain. in the minute-long video the firefighter is seen holding a pole with his phone attached to it into the waterway as the realistic duck noise brings them to within his grasp and eventual safety. rescue mission : firefighter cody knecht , of st. tammany fire district in louisiana stands in the drain holding a pole attached to his phone. during
firefighters responded to cries for help - from two parrots. the crew scoured a burning home in boise , idaho , searching for people shouting ` help ! ' and ` fire ! ' eventually , to their surprise , they found a pair of squawking birds. scroll down for video. cry for help ! this is one of the two parrots who were found in a burning home after calling for help. the tropical creatures appeared to have been alone when flames began to sweep the property. but they seemed to know what to do. both were pulled from the home and given oxygen. they are
-lrb- cnn -rrb- craig hicks , who is charged in the deaths of three muslim college students in chapel hill , north carolina , earlier this year , can face the death penalty , a judge ruled monday , according to cnn affiliates. superior court judge orlando hudson jr. ruled that hicks ' case is `` death penalty qualified , '' wral and wtvd reported. the 46-year-old was arrested february 10 in the deaths of yusor mohammad , 21 , her 23-year-old husband , deah shaddy barakat , and 19-year-old sister , razan mohammad abu-salha. all three were shot in the head. hicks , who was the victims ' neighbor , turned himself in
a quokka was the innocent victim of a cruel act by two french tourists who tried to set the australian animal alight. the two men allegedly ignited an aerosol spray with a lighter causing a large flame to make contact with a quokka on rottnest island off perth in western australia on april 3. the lucky little critter survived the reckless incident but was singed by the flame. two french male tourists allegedly ignited an aerosol spray with a lighter causing a large flame to make contact with a quokka on rottnest island off perth in western australia on april 3. detectives went to rottnest island on saturday
it is a skill employed by stand-up comedians , politicians and market traders alike -- an effortless way with words that can persuade , cajole and tease. now scientists believe they have found evidence of what may lie behind ` the gift of the gab '. brain scans on a group of professional comedians has revealed differences in the way the brains of these ` super speakers ' work while talking. the ultimate wheeler dealer , del boy 's gift of the gab came from a difference in the way his brain worked. compared to the less silver tongued among us , the super speakers -- which also included
the name gary - once one of the most popular name in britain - is now heading for extinction. just 28 of 700,000 babies born in the uk in 2013 were given the name , data from the office of national statistics shows. that compares to 235 garys being born in 1996 , when the name was the 147th most popular in britain. in 2013 , it did n't even make the top 1,000. all in a name : others suggest that gary lineker , left , or take that singer barlow might have put some off. helped by the popularity of actor gary cooper , there was a
former rangers defender john brown insists ally mccoist will be welcomed back to ibrox ` with open arms. ' the club 's record scorer has not been spotted at his old stomping ground since his surprise appearance appeared at last month 's general meeting to see the board which axed him as boss swept out of power. it was a fleeting visit as the 53-year-old crept into the ground just moments before shareholders gave dave king 's bid for power their blessing , before hurrying away afterwards. ally mccoist will be welcome back to the club ` with open arms ' according to club legend
a kansas city man who graduated from high school in 1977 has been saying thank you to the teachers that left a lasting impression on his life - by sending them sums of money. kevin perz , 56 , a father-of-four and business owner , has been looking up the teachers he has the fondest memories of from his days at parkway central high school in chesterfield , missouri. over the past few years he has been mailing them a ` gift '. it started in 1992 , when he sent a check to his calculus teacher made out for $ 5,000. then
scientists claim to have established which diets are most likely to work - and keep the weight off in the long term. from high protein to low fat , calorie counters to slimming shakes , we are bombarded by diet plans promising the holy grail of weight loss. but if you just ca n't shed the pounds - or keep them off - then help may be at hand. a landmark report claims to have established which diets are most likely to work - and keep the weight off in the long term. the us researchers say very few of these - often very expensive - weight loss plans have solid evidence to back up their claims. in
hundreds of thousands of people who bought british gas shares in the 1980s are in line for a windfall after their investment soared in value last night. the shares are one of the most popular in the uk due to the hugely successful ` tell sid ' advertising campaign when british gas was privatised. last night shares in what is now called the bg group rose by nearly 30 per cent to 1,153 p. the shares are one of the most popular in the uk due to the hugely successful ` tell sid ' advertising campaign when british gas was privatised. the
an aspiring model sobbed uncontrollably yesterday as she was convicted of luring a professional gambler to his death. leonie granger , 25 , targeted playboy mehmet hassan , 56 , after spotting him flashing a roll of # 50 notes at a casino in london 's west end. the honeytrap killer used her good looks to befriend the poker player , who showered her with gifts , cash and trips to fancy restaurants. scroll down for video. killing : leonie granger , left , has been found guilty of manslaughter over the death of mehmet hassan , right. but after going back to
at two kilometres in circumference and protected by an imposing 12-metre wall , the ming dynasty 's ` martial city ' had a reputation that struck fear into opposing armies. so much so that battle plans would be drawn up to specifically give the castle at zhangjiakou , in china 's northern hebei province , a wide berth. now archaeologists have begun a daunting project to restore the once-mighty site to something approaching it previous glory , in particular the dilapidated outer wall that repelled every attack which invading mongolian armies could throw at it. among the works being carried out at wanquan castle is the restoration of the fortress ' dilapidated outer wall. workers restore the southern barbican entrance to wanquan castle , which
the shooting of african-american , father-of-four walter scott by a white cop has provoked a torrent of anger and grief from celebrities on social media. mr scott , 50 , was gunned down by officer michael slager on saturday morning in charleston , south carolina , when he ran from the cop. pop star and member of destiny 's child , michelle williams , wrote : ` once again ... #walterscott ' and added a broken heart. singer janelle monáe said : ` this brought tears to my eyes. #walterscott reminds me of my uncle , family. can only imagine the pain his fam feels. ' rapper big
the sister of a missing woman who left a popular spanish nightspot with two brits who are now being probed over her disappearance has made a tearful video appeal for information on her whereabouts. pretty agnese klavina , 30 , vanished after being driven away from celebrity puerto banus haunt aqwa mist on september 6 last year. older sister gunta fought back tears as she described her sister as ` very beautiful ' and spoke of her despair at the lack of news. tearful : older sister gunta has made an emotional video appeal for information about agnese 's whereabouts. blonde beauty : agnese travelled to marbella to start a summer job at the ocean club
royal bank of scotland has racked up # 50billion in losses since it was bailed out by taxpayers and warned last night that it faces another ` tough year '. the state-backed giant reached the milestone yesterday as it lurched to a # 446million loss for the first three months of the year. it comes after rbs was forced to put aside # 856million to cover lawsuits and fines still being decided , including an extra # 334million for its part in rigging the foreign exchange market with other banks. down : rbs reposted a # 446million loss in the first three months of the year. in addition to fines in the us , the latest bill
a mother and her teenage daughter have been arrested after a video of them fighting with a student at a high school was posted online. the pair were caught on camera at langham creek high school , in houston on tuesday. the mother , who has not been identified , was reportedly angry with the girl because she had allegedly been bullying her daughter , reports channel 2. scroll down for video. a mother and her teenage daughter have been arrested after a video of them fighting with a student at a high school was posted online. the mom is seen in a black top on the right and the victim is center wearing white. the mother , who has not been identified ,
a carpenter from south california has created what may well be the world 's biggest see-saw. kyle toth , who runs his own custom woodworking business , built the seesaw from trees behind his workshop in temecula. it measures a whopping 45ft in length , and according to its maker , sends its occupiers into the air at a height of around 25ft. kyle said the tree was about 65ft long so he cut it to make it even on both sides and the seesaw was born. as seen in the video , the seesaw is made from entirely raw materials -- a large trunk sits securely
ahead of this weekend 's premier league action , sportsmail will be providing you with all you need to know about every fixture , with team news , provisional squads , betting odds and opta stats. here is all the information you need for southampton 's home clash with hull ... southampton vs hull city -lrb- st mary 's -rrb-. team news. southampton. southampton midfielder filip djuricic has been ruled out of saturday 's barclays premier league clash with hull because of an ankle injury. midfielder steven davis returns to the team after recovering from an ankle problem , as does defender florin gardos who has been struggling with an
unleashing your inner shakespeare could be just a few jolts of electricity away. researchers in north carolina claim that zapping the brain with a mild electric current can boost creativity by nearly eight per cent. they tested their theory using a 10-hertz current on the brain 's of 20 volunteers to stimulate the brain 's natural alpha wave oscillations. researchers in north carolina claim that zapping the brain with a mild electric current can boost creativity by nearly eight per cent. as well as creativity , these oscillations - or the lack of them - are linked with depression. flavio frohlich , an assistant professor of psychiatry at the university of north carolina said : ` if we could enhance these brain activity patterns , then we could
he shot to fame as everyone 's favourite nostril flaring lothario on made in chelsea. and now , andy jordan , who was named one of london 's best-dressed men by american gq , is hoping to follow in his fellow co-stars ' footsteps and make a name for himself as a fashion designer. following the lead of ollie proudlock and all of the show 's ladies , andy has launched his very own line of surf-inspired city wear called jam industries. made in chelsea star andy jordan is keen to make a name for himself as a fashion designer and stars in a spring/summer beachy campaign for his clothing range , jam industries. to
adrian heath is holding court at his weekly pre-match press conference , and one of the local reporters wants to talk crossbars. might it be a good idea to raise it a bit so more goals could be scored for the benefit of goal-hungry american fans ? the well-travelled former everton and manchester city midfielder -- now manager of the newest mls team orlando city -- responds with good humour. ` well , soccer 's being doing quite well for about 150 years now and if you look at the amount of people who play and watch it 's still doing quite well , so i do n't really see a need , ' he replies with a patient smile.
for six months chris rowe was plagued by an irritating cough. repeated visits to doctors were met with the same conclusion - the 31-year-old was most likely suffering a ` simple ' virus. the father-of-one , whose wife kate is expecting their second child in june , was dismissed by doctors five times in two months - despite reporting on one visit that he was coughing up blood. but , after noticing a dull ache in his ribs , and coughing up more blood , he was taken to a&e. there , an x-ray revealed a devastating diagnosis - mr rowe was suffering an aggressive lung cancer that had spread to his liver and bones. chris rowe ,
-lrb- cnn -rrb- `` my son served in the army for four years. in iraq. he served because we love our country. as we should. now look at us ? '' muna mansour is gesturing around her at the slatted cargo hold she and her family -- all nine of them -- are trying to get comfortable in. they 're squeezed in with two other families. on the ground by my feet , muna 's middle grandchild is sleeping , curled up beside an oil drum. `` there 's nowhere to sleep , there 's no food -- you can see how people are just thrown around all over the place
hong kong -lrb- cnn -rrb- chinese president xi jinping and indian prime minister narendra modi are two dynamic leaders at the helm of the world 's two most populous nations. and one is particularly vocal about making his mark on history. when india successfully placed a spacecraft into orbit around mars last year , modi reveled in the moment. `` history has been created today , '' he said. `` we have dared to reach out into the unknown and have achieved the near impossible. `` the success of our space program is a shining symbol of what we are capable of as a nation. '' soon after the galactic feat , he took to the stage at new york 's famous madison
reality star ` mama ' june shannon and her estranged husband mike ` sugar bear ' thompson have filed a missing persons report after his older brother disappeared three days ago. billy thompson was last seen on saturday at sugar bear 's home in mcintyre , georgia , where mama june 's daughter jessica was preparing to go to prom. since then billy has n't been seen and he is n't returning any phone calls or texts. scroll down for video. reality star ` mama ' june shannon and her estranged husband mike ` sugar bear ' thompson have filed a missing persons report after his older brother disappeared three days ago. billy thompson , center , was last seen on saturday at sugar bear 's home
a mother was horrified to find a dead gecko stuck to the lining of a jacket she bought from asda. paula dunican spent # 25 on the baby blue coat at her local branch in canterbury , kent. but when the 49-year-old took it home to try on , she noticed a dark stain ` seeping through ' from the its lining. inside , a four inch-long gecko was flattened , its scales imprinted onto the fabric. paula dunican was horrified when she found the body of a crushed lizard on the lining of a # 25 coat from asda. ' i noticed the coat had a stain on
peter moore -lrb- above -rrb- , from stoke-on-trent , staffordshire , received a letter from hm revenue and customs last week telling him he had died. a father-of-two has been sent a letter from the government telling him he is dead. peter moore was shocked after receiving the document from hm revenue and customs -lrb- hmrc -rrb- last week. the letter was addressed to the ` representative ' of peter william john moore and apologised for the family 's ` recent bereavement '. it added that officials needed to sort out whether mr moore had paid enough - or too much
our quest for the perfect garden could be ruining our chances of making contact with et. this is according to the national radio astronomy observatory who is objecting to proposals by irobot to release a radio wave-guided lawnmower. it claims irobot 's machines will interfere with its sensitive radio telescopes which astronomers are using to pick up signs of alien life. our quest for the perfect garden could be ruining our chances of making contact with et. this is according to the national radio astronomy observatory who is objecting to proposals by irobot to release a radio wave-guided lawnmower. irobot is famous for creating self-guided roomba machines. the problem is the frequency band proposed for the lawnbot is 6240-6740 mhz - the same one several large
the senate democratic leader , harry reid , says he may never again see out of one eye. ' i am sightless in my right eye , ' he told fusion and univision anchor jorge ramos. reid said he is ` over ' the fear that he may not regain vision in that eye following a new year 's day exercise accident that left him battered and bruised because ' i ca n't see out of my eye , and that 's the way it 's going to be until something comes along that 'll change it. ' ` right now , i 've had 11 hours of surgery. they 've tried. i ca n't see out of my right eye. and that 's okay , i can live with that , ' he said , according to fusion. scroll down for
a bobcat was snapped hauling a shark along a florida beach in an unbelievable photograph. the image was taken at sebastian inlet state park near vero beach by john bailey , wptv reported. bailey told the television station that the bobcat collected the shark after entering the water. scroll down for video. life in the water : a bobcat was snapped hauling a shark along sebastian inlet state park. however , bailey told wptv the bobcat might have been scared by his presence , since it scampered off toward the woods and let go of its find. amy kight , busch wildlife sanctuary 's animal care director , told wptv : ` my first reaction was
english cricket 's new broom swept dramatically through the national team on wednesday night when paul downton paid the price for their woeful world cup by being sacked as managing director. the move came a day ahead of an ecb board meeting that was meant to discuss the future of a figure who has endured a traumatic time since replacing hugh morris in the aftermath of the ashes whitewash. with more sackings inevitable , sportsmail asks : who 's next ? alastair cook. downton was a supporter of cook as test captain but was persuaded to sack him as one-day captain three weeks before the disastrous world cup campaign. the new ` director of england cricket ' might think cook needs to go back to scoring
asia siddiqui not only saw herself as a soldier for allah , but a poet as well. the 31-year-old woman who was arrested thursday in new york for allegedly hatching a terrorist plot with her former roommate , 28-year-old noelle velentzas , was also friends with the one-time editor of al qaeda magazine inspire. samir khan , an american citizen , was killed in a 2011 drone strike in yemen. but before that he published several articles in inspire , including a diy bomb-making guide which the boston bombers allegedly used to make their twin pressure-cooker explosives. kahn was apparently so chummy with siddiqui that he published one of her poems in the precursor to inspire , a publication called jihad recollections. scroll down for full poem. a soldier and a poet : asia siddiqui -lrb- right -rrb- , one
sportsmail have teamed up with golfbidder to offer one lucky reader the chance to win a bundle of callaway golf clubs and accessories worth more than # 1,300. the exclusive golfbidder.co.uk competition prize bundle includes a callaway xr driver , callaway xr 3 wood , callaway xr hybrid and a set of callaway xr irons. golfbidder. one of the uk 's busiest online golf retailers , has also thrown in a dozen callaway chrome soft golf balls as part of this superb golf package. click here to be in with a chance of winning this special prize. sportsmail have teamed up with golfbidder to offer one lucky reader the chance to win a special golf
-lrb- cnn -rrb- editor 's note : ines dumig was recently announced as a center grant recipient. sahra , a somali refugee , left her home at 14 years old. throughout her journey in search of asylum , she managed to overcome dangers and discomforts. but she never gave up , and she continuously reminded herself to keep going. she 's the focus of ines dumig 's photo series `` apart together. '' dumig met sahra through a photo workshop at refugio , a shelter in munich , germany , for refugees and torture victims. what drew dumig to sahra specifically was her strength and her ability to effectively reflect on all of her experiences.
a 12-year-old boy has set a world record after discovering the largest european wasp nest on a property down under. jordan waddingham scoured through bushland at karoola , north east of launceston in tasmania to unravel the plague of wasps after his mother stephanie offered him $ 20 to locate the nest. within minutes , the little wasp hunter made a startling discovery when he stumbled across the gigantic two-year-old nest near a creek bank after following a trail of wasps. scroll down for video. jordan waddingham made a startling discovery after finding the world 's largest european wasp nest. ' i followed the wasps back to their nest after they 'd gone and collected wood from our sheds , ' young jordan told seven news. honorary research associate at launceston 's queen victoria
a family doctor cut a hole in a lynx shampoo bottle so he could film men using the showers in the gym. dr omar saadi al-atraqchi , 42 , faces being struck off the medical register making him unable to continue working at the custom house surgery in newham , east london as well as other surgeries in north london after he was found with the footage. the urology specialist cut peepholes in lynx bottles and emptied and dried them so he could hide his iphone inside to film through the hole. he then slid the device under the partition of shower cubicles so he could secretly film men next door to him. dr omar saadi al-atraqchi could be struck off after he admitted secretly filming men in the
-lrb- cnn -rrb- if you 've been following the news lately , there are certain things you doubtless know about mohammad javad zarif. he is , of course , the iranian foreign minister. he has been u.s. secretary of state john kerry 's opposite number in securing a breakthrough in nuclear discussions that could lead to an end to sanctions against iran -- if the details can be worked out in the coming weeks. and he received a hero 's welcome as he arrived in iran on a sunny friday morning. `` long live zarif , '' crowds chanted as his car rolled slowly down the packed street. you may well have read that
this garden gnome might not look like much but he is now worth # 17,000 -- with a little help from his friends. the cardboard gnome was signed by all four members of the beatles after starring on the iconic cover of the fab four 's 1967 album sgt pepper 's lonely hearts club band. cardboard cutouts or waxworks of more than 60 celebrities including bob dylan and marlon brando were on the cover picture , which was the brainchild of artists peter blake and jann haworth and photographer michael cooper. the cardboard gnome was signed by all four members of the
twickenham will stage a thunderous collision between two french juggernauts in 13 days ' time , although toulon 's crusade to win an unprecedented third successive european title nearly stalled at stade velodrome on sunday. on this faltering , unconvincing evidence , the holders of the last heineken cup face a mammoth task if they are to stop clermont auvergne from claiming the inaugural champions cup. bernard laporte 's stellar side did n't come to life until this dismal encounter went into extra-time and they were only galvanised once they had been reduced to 14 men , when ali williams was sin-binned for taking out devin toner in the air. toulon winger
audio of a woman 's cell phone call to 911 -- in which she said she 'd been locked and trapped inside a trunk after an armed man had approached her -- has been released. the unidentified woman 's conversation with a dispatcher was revealed by abc news. the woman was allegedly kidnapped thursday in a parking lot in loveland , colorado , police there said in a news release. in the phone call , the dispatcher asked ' 911 , what 's the address of the emergency ? ' ' i do n't know. i 'm locked in a trunk , ' the woman said. scroll down for video. scene : a woman was allegedly forced into her car by a man at this loveland , colorado , shopping
this is the ` disgusting ' meal that was served to an 81-year-old woman living in sheltered housing. joan ashton has been a resident of aneurin bevan court in duffryn , newport for around eight months. the elderly woman 's son , steve , visits her regularly there where he says his mother is well-looked after by carers who bring her meals. but after finding the ` terrible ' serving of baked potato and corned beef in a fridge in his mother 's room , mr ashton is calling for more to be done to improve food standards for the elderly in care. this is the `
next summer there will be a new ship in the thomson fleet -- but it will be familiar to seasoned cruisers who have sailed on royal caribbean 's splendour of the seas. the mid-size ship , with an on-board climbing wall , is sailing away from rci to thomson and will get a new name , yet to be announced. so many newly constructed floating resorts come out of shipyards these days -- britannia , anthem of the seas and norwegian escape all this year -- and it is good news that tried and tested , smaller ships built on classic lines do not just
ahead of this weekend 's premier league action , sportsmail will be providing you with all you need to know about every fixture , with team news , provisional squads , betting odds and opta stats. here is all the information you need for tottenham 's home clash with aston villa ... tottenham hotspur vs aston villa -lrb- white hart lane -rrb-. team news. tottenham. kyle walker and hugo lloris are absent for tottenham , while jan vertonghen is a doubt for this weekend 's match against aston villa. england right-back walker is unavailable after sustaining a foot injury in last week 's draw at burnley - a match goalkeeper lloris missed through a knee injury which continues to keep
dylan miller , a senior studying english and philosophy at juniata college decided to live in a hut for a research project on simple living. a student at juniata college has lived in a hut built out of fallen trees , leaves and a tarp since september for his senior research project on simple living. dylan miller , a senior at juniata college , in huntingdon , pennsylvania , studying english and philosophy , decided for his senior project that he would live in a hut deep in the woods about a half-hour 's walk from campus to learn about living
-lrb- cnn -rrb- on the surface , the mix-up seems incomprehensible : how can a volunteer sheriff 's deputy accidentally fire a handgun instead of a taser , killing a man ? that 's apparently what happened in tulsa , oklahoma , when a 73-year-old reserve deputy , robert bates , killed eric harris. bates said he meant to use his stun gun but ended up firing his handgun instead. `` oh ! i shot him. i 'm sorry , '' bates said in a video of the shooting. but it 's happened before. in a well-publicized 2009 case , a bay area rapid transit police officer fired his gun instead of
living in the depths of an ancient woodland might sound like a fairytale. but for anyone with a few hundred thousand to spare , it could be a dream come true. an idyllic two-bedroom log cabin , nestled down a private country lane in the heart of the new forest , has gone on the market for # 350,000. the 76sq ft hideaway , based near the tiny hampshire hamlet of newgrounds , near godshill , is made entirely from timber imported from norway. scroll down for video. an idyllic two-bedroom log cabin , nestled down a private country lane in the heart
police remain hopeful they will find missing 11-year-old luke shambrook who went missing from a campsite in victoria on friday. an increased number of police and other emergency crews continue to scour the thick bushland areas around lake eildon in an effort to find the boy. search co-ordinator acting senior sergeant andrew walker said luke had a `` very high pain tolerance '' , a factor that would work in his favour given he has now been missing for days. scroll down for video. the shambrook family with children -lrb- left to right -rrb- luke , 11 , lauren , 7 , and matthew , 10. luke shambrook was last seen on
these hilarious images show the moment a frisky tortoise scupper his chances while trying to mate with a female. clearly in the mood for love , the aroused reptile is seen beginning its painstakingly slow ascent on to the back of a female 's shell. but instead of getting lucky , the blundering tortoise somehow manages to lose its balance , sending it toppling over onto its back. the moment things go south : the loved up male tortoise is seen here teetering before he falls on the ground. shell we just leave it then ? he gets no second chances and after failing to impress his mate and she leaves. talk about lying down on
raheem sterling is at the centre of a second drugs controversy after the liverpool forward was videoed passing out after inhaling nitrous oxide. the england international , who was also exposed on sunday after he was caught puffing on a shisha pipe , will face at club investigation over why he was taking the legal high , which is also known as ` hippy crack '. in the footage sterling is seen sucking on an orange balloon then laughing and giggling before he asks one of his friends to give him another hit. raheem sterling has been filmed apparently inhaling nitrous oxide - also known as ` hippy crack ' the video shows
an investigation has concluded freddie gray broke his neck after falling head-first into the back of the police van as it was moving , it was reported today. medical and law enforcement sources briefed on the police investigation told abc news gray 's ` catastrophic ' head injuries were consistent with hitting a bolt ` in the back door of the van '. they claimed there was ` no evidence ' gray sustained a fatal spine injury during his arrest , which was caught on camera on a street side on april 12. according to abc 's sources , gray was standing in the van
worried : alice dreger attended the class at east lansing high school after her son asked her to sit in on it so she could hear what was going on first hand. an outraged mom live tweeted her son 's sex education class after becoming outraged by its abstinence only stance. author alice dreger took to twitter to express her horror at what she heard at east lansing high school , in michigan , when she sat in on a lesson earlier this week. ms dreger , a respected professor , began furiously tweeting out the contents of the lesson - which was filled with horror stories about what happened to people who have pre-marital sex. according to the 45 tweets sent by ms dreger
royal dutch shell plc said it. has filed a complaint in federal court in alaska seeking an. order to remove greenpeace activists who climbed aboard an oil. rig in the pacific ocean bound for the arctic on monday in a. protest against arctic drilling. the environmental group said in a statement its team would. occupy the underside of the main deck of the polar pioneer ,. which is under contract to shell , and plans to unfurl a banner. with the names of millions of people opposed to arctic drilling. the group said the activists would not interfere with the. vessel 's navigation. scroll down for video. on the rig : greenpeace activists scale the polar pioneer drill rig in the pacific
-lrb- cnn -rrb- lois lilienstein , co-star of `` sharon , lois & bram 's elephant show '' -- the canadian preschool show that ran on nickelodeon during the early 1990s -- has died , aged 78. her son , david lilienstein , told cbc news that his mother died in toronto on wednesday night from a rare form of cancer first diagnosed last october. `` she knew it was happening , she was at peace with it , and she died very peacefully and not in pain , '' he told the canadian broadcaster. liz smith at 92. lilienstein was born in chicago in 1936 and moved to toronto in 1996 with her son and her husband , ernest. she joined sharon hampson and bram morrison to launch their singing trio
a polish lady was bestowed the enviable opportunity of bottle feeding one of the largest and perhaps most majestic felines in the world -- the jaguar. the woman known only as goska , has spent some time volunteering at criadouro onça pintada in brazil and has mixed with a number of exotic animals while there. among them was one-year-old rescued jaguar , perseu who was captured on video being bottle-fed by the polish volunteer , while at the jaguar breeding project. goska spent some time volunteering at criadouro onça pintada in brazil and mixed with a number of exotic animals. standing in a doorway , goska holds
it could be the result of jetlag , or maybe a few too many beers. as passengers waited to collect their luggage from the baggage reclaim , they were in for a shock when they discovered a man asleep on the conveyor. the incredible footage was shot at domodedovo airport in russia , and shows a man lying in the foetal position seemingly away with the fairies. a man decided to have a snooze on the airport baggage reclaim , not looking too comfortable. while the rubber may well be more comfortable than the airport floor , the swinging motion of the conveyor make it a
the french rugby federation is looking for candidates to replace france coach philippe saint-andre following the world cup. since taking over from marc lievremont , who led france to the world cup final in 2011 , saint-andre has failed to impose himself , winning only 15 of his 37 games in charge. he has overseen poor results in the six nations , finishing no higher than fourth and even last in 2013. philippe saint-andre -lrb- right -rrb- arrives for training in marcoussis with louis picamoles -lrb- left -rrb- and nicolas mas. saint-andre has struggled as head coach of les bleus winning just 15 of his 37 games
-lrb- cnn -rrb- if someone told you that your city had started a program providing clean needles to injecting drug users , would that make you want to start injecting drugs yourself ? the answer , of course , would be no. yet for decades , many have stood by the belief that such programs , known as syringe exchange or syringe services programs , promote and encourage drug use. indeed , for congress , it became the rationale behind a ban implemented in 1988 that prohibits the use of federal funds for these programs. but an overwhelming body of scientific evidence continues to show that this is simply not true. as a result of the recent spikes in hiv and hepatitis c infections among injecting drug users in rural indiana
police are believed to have identified one of the men behind the jewel heist in hatton garden , as it was revealed the gang could have been inspired by similar robberies in los angeles in the 1980s. officers from scotland yard 's flying squad released images of three suspects on saturday , but refused to release a picture of the supposed ringleader , likely because he has already been identified. meanwhile criminologist richard hoskins said he has identified ` startling similarities ' between the hatton garden raid and novel black echo , by michael connelly. scroll down for video. police are believed to have
a devoted chinese father is desperately trying to raise money to pay his son 's huge medical bills by dressing up a horse and begging people to ride him. chen yuntao , 38 , wears a horse mask as he kneels on the busy streets of hefei city , next to a sign asking for ` kind-hearted ' people to get on his back for a ride for five yuan -- the equivalent of 54p. the unusual fundraising is part of a desperate bid to raise money for his nine-year-old son chen minghao , who is suffering from leukaemia. desperate father chen yuntao , 38 , has started dressing as a horse and begging people to ride him in exchange for 54p. he is frantically trying to raise money for his son
things have been going rather sweetly for oscar in recent times. the chelsea forward has a capital one cup medal to his name this season while his side are currently commanding a six-point lead at the summit of the premier league standings. the 23-year-old also scored in brazil 's recent 3-1 victory against france in paris for good measure. ahead of chelsea 's clash with stoke at stamford bridge on saturday , the brazilian took to his instagram account to post a picture of him swigging from a bottle of sweets. chelsea star oscar messes around on his instagram account ahead of saturday 's clash with stoke. oscar fires past mamadou sakho in the
claims by the country 's biggest food bank network that it served a million hungry people in a year were exposed as false yesterday. after the labour party and trades union congress seized on the figure , with shadow work and pensions secretary rachel reeves describing it as ` shocking ' , the trussell trust admitted in a climbdown that ` these are not all unique users '. it emerged last night that its true number of users is likely to be no more than half a million -- and possibly lower still. scroll down for video. it emerged last night that the true number of food bank users is likely to be no more than half a million. file image used. the claim was
if all your hashtags , retweets and favourites seem overwhelming , twitter has a solution. the site has today rolled out a new feature dubbed ` highlights ' , aimed at helping users sift through the large number of tweets on their feed each day. the service provides a twice-daily summary ` of the best tweets for you , delivered via rich push notification , ' twitter 's gordon luk said in a blog post. twitter has rolled out a new feature aimed at helping users sift through the large number of tweets on their feed each day. highlights is limited to english-language readers with the twitter app installed
the handsome italian maths teacher who has taken the internet by storm for being the perfect mix of beauty and brains has spoken out about his new-found fame. pietro boselli , 26 , originally from brescia , italy , says that he originally tried to keep his modelling a secret from his colleagues at the university college london -lrb- ucl -rrb- where he taught for fear they might ` look down on him '. in an interview with the times , boselli , an advanced maths lecturer with a phd , said that when he was trying to establish himself as a teacher , he did n't want to include his work for fashion companies such as abercrombie and fitch on his cv and was less than proud
energy drinks like red bull are causing children to behave badly , a teaching union has claimed. pupils ' excessive consumption of energy drinks is fuelling deteriorating behaviour , it has been claimed. chris keates , general secretary of the nasuwt , likened the caffeinated refreshments to ` readily available legal highs '. some children drink ` excessive ' amounts of red bull , monster and relentless , causing ` hyperactivity ' and an ` inevitable crash ' later , the teaching union said. of the 3,500 teachers it surveyed , 13 per cent cited ` use of caffeine and energy drinks ... as a
johnny depp and amber heard touched down in brisbane tuesday morning local time , putting on a show of unity amid rumors of marital woes just two months after they tied the knot. the couple were ready for their close-up as they left their private plane , walking hand-in-hand. both johnny , 51 , and amber , 28 , were wearing their wedding bands , although missing from amber 's ring finger was the huge sparkler johnny gave her on their engagement. the sighting comes just hours after people.com claimed they were ` leading separate lives ' because they had n't
after years of suffering behind its barbed wire fences , watching those they loved waste away before their eyes while nazi guards systematically slaughtered them by the tens of thousands - this is the moment the inmates of bergen-belsen watched as the death camp was burned to the ground. steeped in human misery , these huts once contained the bodies of thousands of jews , gypsies , homosexuals , nazi opponents and the disabled , sent to an inhuman death by adolf hitler and his demented regime. diarist anne frank , and her sister margot , also died here. shortly after the camp was liberated by british and canadian troops in 1945 , it was torched , and at least part of that suffering was
george galloway has accused the labour candidate running against him in the bradford west constituency of lying about being forced to marry when she was 15 years old. naz shah , a mother-of-three from bradford , has previously claimed that she was coerced into marrying her cousin in pakistan before being sexually and physically abused. however , mr galloway 's respect party now claims to have obtained a copy of her ` nikah ' , or marriage certificate , showing that she actually married when she was 16 and a half in 1990. naz shah , the labor party candidate standing against george galloway in bradford west , has previously told how she was forced into marriage age 15 - but mr galloway 's party claims to have evidence this is untrue. at a hustings
a bolt of lightning has been spotted soaring from the top of a cloud before looping back on itself and striking the ground in australia. the image was captured over jaibru in australia by an off-duty emergency services officer who dubbed the phenomenon ` looping lightning '. upwards lightning is possible , but is very rare - with current estimates suggesting less than one per cent of lightning strikes travelling in an ` upwards ' direction. and storm chaser dan robinson believes ` looped lightning ' is simply a trick of perspective , based on where the viewer is stood , meaning it appears to rise and loop even though it is not. this image was captured over jaibru
a series of thought-provoking clothing labels have been photographed in a bid to raise awareness of the horrific plight of those toiling in sweatshops around the world. the canadian fair trade network is hoping the images will make people think about the garments they are wearing and just where they have come from. teaming up with the advertsiing agency rethink , the photographs feature clothing labels telling the tragic stories of factory workers from bangladesh , cambodia and sierra leone. each label says that the product is 100 per cent cotton - but adds that is not the whole story and follows on with a snap shot of just who could have made the item. scroll down for video. the label in
the i 'm a celebrity ... get me out of here ! franchise has taken a leap from the australian jungle to a theme park just off the a320 in chertsey , surrey. after six months of planning , on 27 march thorpe park launched the world 's first i 'm a celebrity themed maze , inspired by the hit tv show. new technology and bush tucker trials invite both young and old ` non-celebrities ' to climb through ` pipe of peril ' , crawly corridors and dark caves. scroll down for video. the new ` i 'm a celebrity ... get me out of here ! ' maze at thorpe
isabelle obert , a nutrition consultant , believes a good diet can affect the health of the sperm and the egg before they even meet. one in seven couples have trouble conceiving - and it 's often not clear why. but one nutritionist argues that a good diet can affect the health of the sperm and the egg before they even meet. isabelle obert , who runs nurture me fertility , believes a diet rich in minerals , vitamins , essential fats and proteins can prepare both a man and a woman 's body for conception. writing for healthista.com , ms obert said
have you ever panicked about whether you locked the front door , been woken by a facebook notification or desperately needed a phone charger ? to deal with these sorts of everyday emergencies , one company has designed a range of prototype products. you can vote on which one is your favourite - and the winner will be made into an actual product , funded through a kickstarter campaign. scroll down for video. leeds-based direct line is running a competition called #everydayfix. they asked groups to design products to deal with common problems. these include forgetting to lock the door ,
at long last , there 's been a scooby sighting in iowa. hillary clinton 's now-famous mystery mobile , an oversized , armored chevy van , stopped in iowa on tuesday long enough for photographers to catch a glimpse of the vehicle that hauled the former secretary of state from new york to the american midwest. unlike on monday when hillary stopped at an ohio chipotle for lunch , she popped into a coffee house in le claire , iowa , for a cup of joe - and of tea. and at tuesday 's stop people actually recognized her. scroll down for video. and
big beauty : tibetan mastiffs can weigh 80kg. just a year ago they could command prices of up to # 1.2 million each. but tibetan mastiffs are now so unpopular in china they are being sent to slaughterhouses -- and their meat put into cheap hotpots. the dogs ' dramatic decline in fortune is being partly blamed on the chinese government 's wide-reaching anti-corruption crackdown. previously , wealthy businessmen would give the prized mastiffs to officials in the hope of influencing their decisions. luo yi , general manager of china 's largest tibetan mastiff puppy farm , told people 's daily online : ` the anti-corruption drive means
it 's a charged scene. a woman wearing just a bra and a flared mini skirt sashays across a room , where a smartly dressed man awaits. it could be an outtake from a film noir movie of yesteryear or even a discarded scene from the hit recent film fifty shades of grey. in fact , it 's an advert from cosmetics giant revlon for their latest lipstick. the stylish ad is filmed entirely in black and white , with just a slick of pink visible on the woman 's lips. scroll down for video. revlon 's latest lipstick advert looks suspiciously familiar ... it 's shot in black and white , the only colour being the pop of pink on the woman
the principal of a school in canberra has been suspended after it was revealed that an autistic boy was locked in a metal cage. it was announced yesterday an investigation was underway after it emerged a 10-year-old autistic bot was put in a 2m by 2m structure by his teachers at a canberra school. the cage was specifically designed for him to as a ` withdrawal space ' while in class. scroll down for video. the cage was specifically designed as a ` withdrawal space ' for the 10-year-old autistic boy. act education minister joy burch -lrb- pictured -rrb- said it is a horrifying situation. the
-lrb- cnn -rrb- it 's the simplest possible assignment , but it always teaches a huge lesson. every year , denver teacher kyle schwartz passes out post-it notes to her third grade students and asks them to complete the sentence , `` i wish my teacher knew ... '' many of the students she teaches at doull elementary just wish they had something in common with her , that she knew soccer or video games. but sometimes , their wishes bring tears to her eyes , and offer a glimpse of painful struggles in their young lives. there 's a student who misses her father : `` i have n't seen him in six years. '' another
tragedy : dr. frederic brandt was battling with extreme depression before his suicide on sunday a police report revealed on tuesday. fredric brandt was suffering suicidal tendencies for just 10 days before he killed himself , revealed the police report into the tragic passing of the celebrity plastic surgeon. brandt was discovered hanged inside the garage of his coconut grove home by his friend , john joseph hupert , at around 9.15 am on easter sunday morning. according to the police report , hupert was concerned for his friend and was staying with the doctor because he was suicidal. the last time hupert said he had seen brandt alive was around 11.30 pm on saturday. the police report says that brandt 's psychiatrist dr. saida koita had become so worried for
a historic spacex launch that could change the way man gets to space blasted off today from florida under perfect conditions. within minutes of liftoff , the california company was making its third attempt to land the leftover booster on an ocean platform. but it did n't go to plan. billionaire founder , elon musk , tweeted : ` ascent successful. dragon enroute to space station. rocket landed on droneship , but too hard for survival. ' scroll down for video. the booster appears to have landed but elon musk said that ` excess lateral velocity ' caused it to tip over. spacex said it will post a video in the next few days , but images tweeted by
grappling on the sand and roared on by a vociferous sell-out crowd , these two powerhouses of senegalese wrestling trade mighty blows with one another. the two famous wrestlers , balla gaye 2 and eumeu sene , competed in the crunch match dubbed ` le choc ' at demba diop stadium in the capital of dakar. after a brutal and closely fought encounter under the hot sun , the burly sene emerged victorious. scroll down for video. heavyweights : balla gaye -lrb- left -rrb- grapples with the bulky frame of eumeu sene at dakar 's demba diop stadium during ` le choc ' in the zone : heavyweight balla gaye 2 arrives to a
-lrb- cnn -rrb- bring your own beaker , goblet or vase and slurp it up. 7-eleven is hosting the first bring-your-own-cup slurpee day at united states stores from 11 a.m. to 7 p.m. saturday to kick off peak slurpee season. this shot at brain freeze is n't free , but customers at participating stores can fill their `` cup '' of choice for $ 1.49 , the average cost of a medium slurpee. note : a garbage can is not a cup. in-store displays with a 10-inch-diameter hole will rule out anything too ridiculously large for slurpee consumption
-lrb- cnn -rrb- the graffiti , written in a french chalk quarry and dating back almost 100 years , is plain and stark. `` hj leach. merely a private. 13/7/16. sa australia , '' reads one inscription. `` ha deanate , 148th aero squadron , usa. 150 vermilyea ave , new york city , '' another says. `` 9th batt australians , g. fitzhenry , paddington , sydney , n.s.w. , 1916 july ; alistair ross , lismore , july , '' reads a third. they were world war i soldiers , four of almost 2,000 , whose writings have recently been found underneath battlefields near naours , france , about 120 miles north of paris. photographer jeff gusky , who has been chronicling details of the site ,
from ` here 's you a piece of pizza ' to ` this glass needs washed ' , every state has its own set of phrases that can seem bizarre to the rest of the english-speaking world. in new york , for instance , there 's a tendency to use the word ` so ' for drama , such as ` i 'm so totally over this. ' some people in san jose think nothing of saying ` did n't nobody help him ' , while florida residents can be heard using the phrase , ' i ai n't never had no trouble with none of 'em. '
an 84-year-old man has died in hospital from severe burns to his upper body - nearly a month after he accidentally set himself on fire with a cigarette while driving along a suburban new york road. christopher flowers was traveling down chili avenue , near route 390 , in rochester on march 9 when he dropped a lit cigarette into his shirt , causing several layers of clothing to burst into flames. he immediately pulled over and tried to extract the burning cigarette from his top. but the windy conditions at the time seemingly fanned the flames so much that they engulfed his entire torso. as the flames surrounded the pensioner 's head , three good samaritans pulled over and frantically tried to extinguish
the attorney representing a 16-year-old pennsylvania boy charged with fatally shooting a friend in the face and then taking a selfie with his lifeless body stated in court wednesday that the killing was an accident. defense attorney patrick thomassey does n't deny that maxwell morton , of jeannette , killed 16-year-old ryan mangan at mangan 's home february 4. but thomassey disputes that morton meant to kill mangan. he says the boys were horsing around with a loaded gun when mangan was shot in the left eye. scroll down for video. maxwell morton -lrb- left -rrb- , 16 , has been charged with murder in the death of mangan -lrb- right -rrb- , 16 , after mangan was found with a single gunshot wound to
it 's been almost a fortnight since jeremy clarkson was sacked from top gear , but the news has n't stopped his estranged wife from enjoying herself after she jetted off on holiday to barbados. the 53-year-old spent the easter weekend with friends and family on the caribbean island where she sunbathed and drove a jet ski. she has previously holidayed in the area with the 54-year-old broadcaster but the pair , who have two daughters and a son , are said to have lived apart for years. scroll down for video. holiday : frances clarkson , 53 , spent the easter bank holiday weekend with family and friends in barbados. the bbc announced last
first they made a life-sized bronze statue of him , and now they are creating an entire museum in his honour. barcelona will dedicate a museum exclusively to the new york director , who picked the catalan capital for the setting of his oscar winning film , vicky cristina barcelona. the cultural centre is hoped to be housed in former arts and crafts school , la llotja , following an refurbishment of the now abandoned building. the tribute will be dedicated exclusively to the new york director , who picked barcelona for the setting of his oscar winning film , vicky cristina barcelona. mediapro group are behind
-lrb- cnn -rrb- australian prime minister tony abbott has been caught on camera guzzling a glass of beer in seven seconds amid raucous cheers from onlookers. his feat of swift consumption in a crowded bar impressed some people but annoyed others. and observers were quick to point out that abbott had previously criticized binge drinking in australia. abbott was in a sydney pub on saturday evening when a group of australian rules football players invited him to have a drink with them. the prime minister accepted and even gave a short , impromptu speech , one of the football coaches , simon carrodus , told the australian woman 's weekly. `` then he proceeds to reach down and grab a schooner and he drank from head-to-toe the entire schooner
-lrb- cnn -rrb- mike rowe is coming to a river near you. `` sometimes , you hear about a person who makes you feel good about humanity , but bad about yourself , '' rowe says. on thursday 's episode of `` somebody 's got ta do it , '' rowe meets up with chad pregracke , the founder of living lands & waters , who does just that. pregracke wants to clean up the nation 's rivers one piece of detritus at a time. his quota ? always `` more. '' read mike rowe 's facebook post on how to break our litter habit. since he founded the nonprofit in 1998 at the ripe age of 23 , pregracke and more than 87,000
manchester united have been brilliant in the second half of the season but the defeat at everton was a timely reminder that they still have a long way to go. united played like sunderland on a bad day -- they were that horrendous. recently i wrote about what united need to take them back to a proper challenge for domestic and european glory. now it 's time to name names. teams will have bad days , of course. it 's no surprise to those of us who can see his quality and importance to united , but without michael carrick they look far
tv presenter lisa oldfield decided she had to make a change to tackle her weight after her son sketched an unflattering portrait of her. the 40-year-old former channel 9 host said she barely recognised herself in the drawing , and was horrified to think her sons harry , 4 , and bert , 2 , saw her that way. ` when my son asked me if i was having another baby , that was the catalyst , ' oldfield told daily mail australia. scroll down for video. tv presenter lisa oldfield decided she had to make a change to tackle her weight after her son
mariel hemingway was just 16 years old when she starred as woody allen 's teenage girlfriend in the controversial romantic-comedy ` manhattan '. as the granddaughter of ernest hemingway , mariel was from one of the most famous and recognizable families in america. but despite her grandfather 's success , there was a dark side to her last name , which the now 53-year-old has recounted in two new novels , released tuesday. on top of the world : mariel hemingway , 53 , has her life in order and has written two revealing books about growing up in a family riddled with depression , alcoholism and suicides. independent : mariel hemingway , the granddaughter to literary legend ernest hemingway , had written
kfc has come under fire for hiring a food stylist in a bid to change its image. viewers unleashed a barrage of negative comments on twitter after last night 's episode of the billion dollar chicken shop on bbc one. the third programme in the series focused on the methods employed by the creative team behind kfc 's rebranding exercise and showed scenes of a food stylist using hairdryers and tweezers when preparing the food for an advertisement. scroll down for video. bbc one 's the billion dollar chicken shop showed the inner workings of the fast food giant. this kfc ultimate burger -lrb- pictured -rrb- has not been styled by a food stylist. in the final episode , which aired yesterday , kfc is shown about to launch their new pulled chicken range which
the u.s. senate voted on. thursday to approve loretta lynch as president barack obama 's. next attorney general , ending a five-month deadlock that made. lynch wait longer for confirmation than the last seven attorneys. general combined. the first black woman to become the top u.s. law enforcement. official , lynch , 55 , was approved by a 56-43 vote. curiously absent from the final vote was texas senator ted cruz - a key opponent of lynch 's nomination. he was the only member of the senate who did not cast a vote. a copy of a cruz for president invitation later began flying around twitter that showed the gop presidential candidate had skipped town early to make an appearance at a fundraiser at the home of former texas rangers owner and billionaire
a los angeles judge agreed with the governor 's decision to reject parole for a charles manson follower imprisoned 43 years for two brutal murders. bruce davis ' record shows there is ` some evidence ' he is dangerous and should n't be freed , superior court judge william c. ryan wrote in a decision filed wednesday. davis , 72 , was convicted in the 1969 slayings of musician gary hinman and stuntman donald ` shorty ' shea and sentenced to life in prison in 1972. he was 30 years old at the time. then and now : bruce davis , charles manson 's former follower -lrb- pictured left in 1970 and right in march 2014 -rrb- , has been denied parole after spending 43 years
-lrb- cnn -rrb- italians have a saying : `` too much of something cripples it. '' we 're overcrowded with so many frescoed churches , medieval castles and roman ruins that we simply do n't know what to do with them , let alone care for a proper upkeep. we 've turned blind to their value and beauty. there are nearly 5,000 `` gems '' scattered across the country , ranging from museums to archaeological areas and monuments. italy boasts the highest number of unesco world heritage sites in the world -- 50 , several of which risk crumbling to the ground due to neglect and lack of public resources.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- `` sopranos '' theorists now have a little more to chew on. show creator david chase went through the famous final scene for dga quarterly and revealed the reasoning behind each shot. what he did n't reveal , however , was whether series protagonist tony soprano lives or dies. chase 's details are a master class on how to build tension in a seemingly nondescript situation , however. ` sopranos ' ending ? let it be. for those who do n't recall the finale , which aired in june 2007 , mobster tony soprano is meeting his family for dinner at
the stars of married at first sight embark on their honeymoons on tonight 's episode of the fyi series , but all three of the couples quickly find themselves experiencing some serious trouble in paradise. jaclyn methuen , who nearly left husband ryan ranellone at the altar because she deemed him too unattractive , continues to put her new husband in the ` friend zone ' during their romantic trip to puerto rico and at one point the 30-year-old even admits to him that she wanted to be a runaway bride. ` she wanted to run away. i just feel pure disappointment , ' ryan , 29 , says in a
even in a world of flash cars and designer clothes , many will be familiar with the saying : ` money does n't buy happiness. ' it turns out , there are things that you can do to make you feel slightly happier everyday. the best part ? according to author of happier people healthier planet , dr teresa belton , they 're all completely free. dr teresa belton insists that there are many simple things - such as inviting a lonely person out to tea - that we can do on a daily basis to increase happiness , and they are all free. researcher and education expert at the university of east anglia , dr teresa belton , believes that
louis van gaal could n't let the moment pass. manchester united had just rattled off their 13th home win of the season and the dutchman wanted to crank up the pressure. a comfortable victory over aston villa , inspired by two goals from the excellent ander herrera and crowned by wayne rooney 's magnificent strike , had seen united leap above manchester city in the table for the first time since november 23 , 2013. when you think on january 10 this year the gap between the two clubs was 10 points , the turnaround has been remarkable. but now ,
andrew o'clee , 36 , hid his secret second family from his first wife and has been jailed for eight months , pictured outside chichester crown court yesterday. a bigamist was caught out when his first wife discovered his secret second marriage -- on facebook. ` shameless liar ' andrew o'clee , 36 , wed michelle agbulos -- and later tied the knot again with another woman. but michelle , 39 , uncovered the deception when she came across footage of him completing the ice bucket charity challenge on the social networking site. serial cheat o'clee had tried to cover his tracks by claiming he was involved in a fraud case and
the size of sky sports ' gamble in paying an astonishing # 11millon a game to retain their premier league tv rights has led to the company having to re-address their entire sports strategy. and overlord barney francis addressed staff this week to present his way forward - ` fit for the future ' - with the station needing to make considerable changes to afford their gigantic football bill. this will see sky concentrate on their live rights in every sport while reducing the support programming and those leaving the network are not being automatically replaced. sky sports will pay # 11millon a game to broadcast premier league football for three years starting in 2016. graeme souness , thierry henry and ed chamberlain on sky 's super sunday coverage of the premier league. francis , who prefers to speak off
making medical history : mother-of-13 annegret raunigk , 65 , from berlin , who is due to give birth to quadruplets in weeks. she already has 13 children and is due to retire this year -- so you 'd think babies would be the last thing on her mind. but annegret raunigk is set to become the oldest woman in the world to have quadruplets -- at the age of 65. the german primary school teacher will give birth in a matter of weeks to four babies , conceived following 18 months of fertility treatment. miss raunigk , who features in a documentary on german television tonight , said she was not too worried about the birth , adding : ` i feel
-lrb- cnn -rrb- in 2013 , `` the bible '' broke ratings records on the history channel , so of course , a sequel was ordered up -- and this one is on nbc. the new miniseries from mark burnett and roma downey is one of six shows to watch this week. 1. `` a.d.. the bible continues , '' 9 p.m. et sunday , nbc. just in time for easter , the peacock network debuts the `` bible '' sequel , picking up with jesus ' resurrection and following the early days of christianity. nbc scored on picking up the follow-up to the smash cable hit , starring juan pablo di pace as jesus and greta scacchi as mary -lrb- replacing downey in the
one missouri mom is making the best out of a less than ideal situation. becky schoenig of st. louis , missouri was shocked when she realized her brand new 2015 ford fusion had been stolen from her driveway on monday night , just a little over a month after she took the car home. then , on april 1 , schoenig was shocked to learn that police had found her car after receiving a tip from a man who recognized the vehicle as schoenig 's and would be returning it to her - but with a few minor changes. scroll down for video. bling : becky schoenig was shocked when her stolen car was
who has been liverpool 's player of the season ? had you asked that question 12 months ago , the answer would have been glaring : luis suarez. for his 31 goals and his breathtaking displays , the accolade could only have gone to the uruguayan. it was not , though , a case of him operating alone. had it been a ` normal ' season , steven gerrard , daniel sturridge , philippe coutinho and raheem sterling would all have been worthy recipients. but they were not the only contenders. jordan henderson was outstanding. martin skrtel was a big presence.
boston -lrb- cnn -rrb- guilty across the board. but will he face death ? after deliberating for 11 1/2 hours , jurors found dzhokhar tsarnaev guilty on wednesday of all 30 counts he faced in the boston marathon bombing trial. seventeen of the 30 counts were capital charges , meaning he is eligible for the death penalty. the trial will next move into a penalty phase , where the jury will hear testimony and arguments from both sides and ultimately be tasked with deciding whether tsarnaev , 21 , will be executed. a look at all of the charges. jurors will be asked to weigh aggravating factors such as the heinousness of his crimes against mitigating factors such as his family and mental health history
when adam lyons ' story was published last week , many were stunned by his polyamorous relationship and how he gets to share his life - and his bed - with two beautiful women. now his girlfriends brooke shedd , 26 , and jane shalakhova , 25 , have spoken out to say they are just as fortunate as the 34-year-old who hails from east london. the women say they do not ` share ' adam but are in a ` unique ' situation where they both love him - as well as each other. scroll down for video. brooke , right , and jane appeared on today 's this morning with boyfriend adam to explain how their
-lrb- cnn -rrb- is america a nation divided ? and has ohio found a better way to bridge those divisions ? it 's hard not to be concerned with these questions given the constant drumbeat of news about the issues that tear us apart as a nation : immigration , community and police relations , poverty , education and dozens of other crucial matters facing america. adding to our divisions is a harsh public atmosphere where politicians are preoccupied with how they can win the next election or give the best sound bite , and where lobby groups work to protect their narrow self-interests while ignoring a broader vision of what is best for our country. in ohio , we have been able to
-lrb- the hollywood reporter -rrb- richard dysart , the emmy-winning actor who portrayed the cranky senior partner leland mckenzie in the slick , long-running nbc drama `` l.a. law , '' has died. he was 86. dysart , who also played coach in the original 1972 broadway production of jason miller 's pulitzer prize-winning `` that championship season , '' died sunday at home in santa monica after a long illness , his wife , artist kathryn jacobi , told the hollywood reporter. the acclaimed `` l.a. law '' -- created by steven bochco -lrb- who eventually handed off the series to david e. kelley -rrb- and terry louise fisher -- aired for eight seasons from
a woman who weighs 400lbs has told how men are paying her around $ 1,500 -lrb- # 1,000 -rrb- a month to let them watch her devour fast food and sugary treats on camera. new yorker sarah reign , 26 , describes herself as a ` feedee ' , who gorges on junk food in various states of undress to titillate paying male viewers. after working shifts as a security guard at a factory , miss reign disrobes down to her underwear and switches on her webcam. happy to be a ` feedee ' : sarah reign , from new york , supplements her day job as a security guard
cleared : 53-year-old graeme finlay , a former naval serviceman. a cruise ship passenger was yesterday cleared of beating up two elderly holidaymakers in a row over rudeness at the dinner table. graeme finlay , 53 , went on trial after retired engineer ron phillips , 70 , and his wife june , 69 , were knocked unconscious in the incident outside their cabin on board the thomson celebration luxury liner. after being cleared finlay , an ex-naval serviceman from glasgow , said : ` it 's been hell. it 's put me off boats forever. ' the frail couple accused finlay of an unprovoked attack that left the grandfather with a gash to his forehead
a talented body painter is travelling across america merging members of the public into beautiful backgrounds. natalie fletcher 's ' 100 bodies across america ' project sees painted individuals blended into the likes of tourist hotspots , forests and ruins. for each work natalie travels to a certain spot in the country before selecting volunteers - not models - who she then paints. scroll down for video. talented body-painter natalie fletcher has been travelling around the united states painting different people in each town - here she painted two people as a brick wall in carolina. katie and dez were painted as part of a beach scene raising their arms happily in the air.
four men have been caught on cctv robbing a service station and packing $ 38,000 worth of cigarettes into a doona cover. however they struggled to fit their large loot into the boot and lost about a third of it as they dragged the stash alongside the car during their getaway. the group of men , all wearing hooded jumpers , gloves and masking their faces , broke into the service station on burwood highway , tecoma in melbourne 's outer east on april 2. scroll down for video. four men have been caught on cctv robbing a service station in tecomba , melbourne. they are all wanted by victoria police for a series of break-ins on at least five different establishments in the area.
they say every cloud has a silver lining. at least that 's what one sydney woman , caught out in this week 's super storm , is hoping. with the rain clearing , a woman known only by her email address as missiesmile21 , has taped posters to the city 's light posts to find the ` tall , charming gentleman ' who offered her his umbrella to cross the street. scroll down for video. the ` love call ' notes are posted at traffic lights on sydney 's george
haris vuckic stands as the one bonus from a now infamous deal. while the other members of the newcastle five have managed a paltry 44 minutes of football between them , the slovenian has positively thrived at rangers. so much so , in fact , that he admits any possibility of staying at ibrox beyond the end of this season would be an immensely attractive option. whether or not that can happen will depend on a number of factors. vuckic has denied a report on tyneside stating he had already declared his intention to quit st james park , where he has one year left on his contract. summer discussions with his
-lrb- cnn -rrb- on the eve of the one-year mark since nearly 300 schoolgirls were abducted by boko haram in nigeria , malala yousafzai released an `` open letter '' to the girls monday. `` like you , i was a target of militants who did not want girls to go to school , '' she writes in the letter. the 17-year-old nobel peace prize winner survived an attack by the taliban , which had singled her out for blogging from pakistan about the importance of staying in school. in the letter , she calls on the nigerian government and the international community to do more to rescue the girls. nigeria recently held an election. on april
the owners of an oregon goldmine have called in gun-toting right-wing militiamen amid a bitter land use dispute with the u.s. government. tensions have remained high at the sugar pine mine near medford after the facility was served with a federal stop-work order. the owners summoned armed guards from the conservative oath keepers activist network ahead of a major protest outside local offices of the bureau of land management yesterday. together : three oath keepers are seen armed wednesday defending the mine. protests : a sugar pine miner supporter holds a anti-blm sign at a rally outside the bureau of land management 's offices in medford on thursday. ready to go : a member of the oath keepers is seen at the sugar
paul gregory , 51 , of bedford , has been fined # 795 for having a blue badge , claiming he could only walk 200 metres , when in fact he was a keen walker. a disability badge holder who claimed he could only walk 200 metres ended up in court after council officials noticed a newspaper report recounting his exploits on a 191-mile hike. when paul gregory , 51 , applied to renew his blue badge , he claimed exercise left him breathless , despite being a keen walker and member of a mountaineering club. he was exposed when bedford borough council staff
easter is here ! and whilst many australians are enjoying an abundance of sugary treats , many are wondering how much it 's going to cost them around the waistline. according to the abc , the key is to maintain an even balance of ` energy in ' and ` energy out. ' this means that the energy we put into our bodies through food and drink must be equated with exercise to burn the energy and avoid gaining weight. a small chocolate bunny contains 2212 kjs and would take an hour and ten minutes of swimming to work off. indulging
he 's been mocked for his inability to eat a bacon sandwich properly and likened to cartoon character wallace - but that did n't prevent ed miliband from coming top in the sex appeal stakes during last night 's debate. moments after the labour leader finished speaking , fans took to twitter to coo adoringly about his ` sexy grey tie ' and his smouldering looks. one rather breathless tweet read : ` miliband is totally talking to me and no one else , you sexy beast. keep staring down the camera ed ! #leadersdebate ' scroll down for video. so hot right now : ed miliband
new york -lrb- cnn -rrb- when liana barrientos was 23 years old , she got married in westchester county , new york. a year later , she got married again in westchester county , but to a different man and without divorcing her first husband. only 18 days after that marriage , she got hitched yet again. then , barrientos declared `` i do '' five more times , sometimes only within two weeks of each other. in 2010 , she married once more , this time in the bronx. in an application for a marriage license , she stated it was her ``
the red wings ' drew miller says he 's eager to hit the ice again just a day after receiving a cut that could have cost him his eyesight. ' i feel very blessed the skate did n't hit my eye , ' miller said at practice on wednesday. ` very lucky ' skating with a full face mask during practice , the detroit forward openly bore a gruesome red wound that required 50 to 60 stitches to close along multiple layers of skin , the detroit free press reports. gruesome : miller was left with a scar across his eye , but reportedly did n't suffer any damage to
if you are an aspiring manager in english football and you are black , you get used to one thing : when an opportunity comes your way , it 's going to be the managerial equivalent of a hospital pass. sorry , but it 's true. with a few exceptions , you do n't get the better opportunities. you get the football version of mopping up the toilets. chris ramsey , the only black manager in the premier league , is a classic example. ramsey is a fine coach who has been overlooked for countless jobs. chris ramsey -lrb- right -rrb- and kevin hitchcock watch qpr hammer west brom to keep their survival hopes alive. ramsey
daniel levy reportedly told the tottenham hotspur supporters ' trust that after the problems reinvesting the money received for gareth bale , future transfer policy would entail the purchase of young players , priced between # 10-15million with good potential for resale. this may be financially sensible , but it is hardly reassuring. elite clubs , those who challenge for the biggest trophies , do not buy with one eye on selling and this strategy would set tottenham back a decade to a time when they helped solve problems at manchester united by trading top performers such as michael carrick and dimitar berbatov. indeed , the only time tottenham demonstrated real champions league potential
all hungry leo wanted was one of his dog biscuits to chew on. instead the staffordshire-boxer cross ended up nearly burning the house down and killing his owner 's son. the dog caused a severe fire after managing to switch on the cooker while trying to reach his dog treats. the heat from one of the hob 's rings set fire to a child 's seat that had been left resting on the electric appliance. fire starter : hungry leo almost burned down his owner 's home as he hunted for his dog treats. the blaze was started after the staffordshire-boxer cross was believed to have knocked one of the cooker knobs , switching on the hob. smoke began to fill the three storey home in peckham , south-east london , as
top-ranked serena williams had to fight back from a set down and figure out how to deal with strong winds before overcoming italy 's sara errani 4-6 , 7-6 -lrb- 3 -rrb- , 6-3 in a fed cup play-off sunday , giving the united states a 2-1 lead in the best-of-five series. while williams held a massive 70-7 lead in winners , she committed nearly three times as many unforced errors as the 15th-ranked errani. until the very end , williams struggled to dictate play against an opponent who had never before presented her with serious problems. serena williams fought back to beat italian sara errani in the fed cup
ronnie o'sullivan will tackle a crucible debutant in the first round of the betfred world championship which starts in sheffield on saturday. five-time winner o'sullivan will face manchester 's craig steadman , who at 32 is set for his bow at the sport 's most prestigious tournament. steadman visited the theatre to watch his friend nick dyson play ken doherty in 2001 , but said : ` i told myself i 'd never go again unless i was playing. ronnie o'sullivan will play 32-year-old debutant craig steadman in the first round of the world championship. defending champion mark selby will play norwegian kurt maflin at the crucible on saturday. mark selby v kurt maflin. stephen maguire v
disciplining a child for doing something wrong is a tricky business. coming up with a punishment that will teach a son or daughter not to commit the crime again but is n't harsh enough to scar them for life is tough. often , the best schemes are ones that embarrass a child so that they are too mortified to consider falling foul of their parents again. choosing the right punishment for a naughty child is a difficult business -lrb- picture posed by model -rrb-. others that work very well include the mind-numbingly dull chores , which drag on for a lifetime. some cunning parents take away their child 's favourite possession , like a book or a teddy , while others resort to a
police are now urging witnesses of a middle-aged woman 's offensive public transport tirade at a muslim woman to come forward after daily mail australia published video of the incident. stacey eden , 23 , stood up for the muslim woman and her partner after witnessing the ranter ` bullying ' the sydney commuter on an airport line train around 1:40 pm on wednesday afternoon. ms eden switched on the video camera on her mobile phone to record the vile rant before rushing to muslim couple 's defence with a fiery spray notably absent any swearing. a police spokeswoman contacted daily mail australia on thursday to say they would ` definitely encourage ' witnesses of the
a woman who is five months pregnant and was fired from her job at popeyes after an armed robber made off with $ 400 on her shift says she has been offered her job. only marissa holcomb is n't so sure she wants to go back to the fried chicken chain in channelview , texas. the mother-of-three was held at gunpoint on march 31 , however she was fired when she refused to pay back the money that was stolen , with the store saying she should not have allowed so much cash to be in the till at one time. now popeyes have offered to take holcomb
australia 's ` tiny hearts and balls of steel ' , it 's apparently the perfect combination in dealing with asylum seeker boats , and a policy which could be copied by britain , according to a british commentator. controversial the sun columnist katie hopkins has heaped praise on tony abbott 's government for its success in stopping the boats , which was a key election plank. but her backhanded compliments may not sit well with our policy-makers and social justice groups , in which she claimed australia 's strategy of ` threatening them with violence ' , was the way forward. ` it 's time to get australian ,
-lrb- the hollywood reporter -rrb- andrew lesnie , the oscar-winning cinematographer who spent more than a decade collaborating with director peter jackson on the six `` lord of the rings `` and `` hobbit '' films , has died. he was 59. the sydney native , who also worked with new zealander jackson on the remake of `` king kong '' -lrb- 2005 -rrb- and `` the lovely bones '' -lrb- 2009 -rrb- , suffered a heart attack monday. said a spokesman from the australian cinematographers society : `` we have been advised of the sudden death of andrew , '' adding that his family would provide an
the catholic church has been accused of blocking the appointment of the first ever homosexual ambassador to vatican city. laurent stefanini , 55 , was in january asked by french president francois hollande to represent their country at the holy see. but the controversial appointment was met ` with a stony silence ' , according to the french media. the appointment was met ` with a stony silence ' by the vatican -lrb- pictured -rrb- , according to french media. le monde newspaper reported that mr stefanini was a practising catholic but his proposed move from head of protocol at the elysee had ` not received the agreement of the vatican 's administration '. it added : ` the homosexuality of the appointee would have triggered a
from the outside , anand iyer seemed to have it all. a wife , an adorable two-year-old daughter , and a six-figure salary job with a leading tech company in san francisco that he loved. but apparently the dream combination is not so perfect. the 36-year-old quit his job to be a house-husband - and now he could n't be happier. packed it in : anand iyer worked for fashion site threadflip , but ditched his job to spent time at home. speaking to yahoo parenting , he said : ' i started to
a photographer has described the horror of being left almost completely blind in one eye by her contact lens. lucy garrod , now 27 , developed an ulcer known as a corneal abrasion , caused by a bacterial infection which grew under her right lens. miss garrod had been wearing contact lenses since she was 15 with no problems , but woke up one day with an itchy and irritable right eye. lucy garrod , 27 , was left partially blind in her right eye after bacteria began growing underneath her contact lens , causing an ulcer known as a corneal abrasion. miss garrod had worn contact lenses for 12 years with no problem , but woke
-lrb- cnn -rrb- the rev. robert h. schuller , california televangelist and founder of the television ministry `` hour of power , '' died thursday , according to his family. he was 88 years old. schuller , also the founder of crystal cathedral megachurch , had been diagnosed with esophageal cancer in august 2013 , a release from `` hour of power '' said. `` my father-in-law passed away peacefully early this morning. he was a great dad and a great man of god , '' said schuller 's daughter-in-law , donna schuller , in a twitter message. schuller 's life followed an almost shakespearean arc. he was born in a iowa farmhouse without running water and longed to preach from his earliest days. in
england captain alastair cook completed a much-needed century on the second morning of england 's opening tour match in the west indies. cook resumed on 95 and reached three figures with minimal fuss before retiring out. england captain alastair cook completed a century on the second morning of england 's opening tour match. a controlled thick edge from the first ball of the day brought him an 11th boundary of the innings and in the following over he punched the ball for two off the back foot. he offered a gentle wave of the bat and a handshake to partner gary ballance and walked off on 101 from 200 deliveries. that allowed ian bell to arrive at the crease , with batting time more
north vs south - it 's perhaps the fiercest argument between the people of england and this week we 've started a fresh debate based on football. we have assembled two dream teams - one featuring players from the premier league clubs in the south of england and the other featuring northern-based stars. on monday , rob draper revealed who he 'd select in the southern xi and on tuesday , joe bernstein did likewise for the north. we then sent the all-star teams to our friends at football manager , who have simulated the match. here 's what happened ... so , now we know : the south has the edge over the north for footballing talent. alexis sanchez and harry kane were the
virtual reality may still seem like a hobby reserved for hardcore gamers , but as headsets drop in price it is on the verge of becoming mainstream. one firm helping to fuel this trend is immerse. it has created a virtual reality headset that works with any android and ios phone and is compatible with hundreds of virtual reality apps from the respective stores. it additionally lets people watch 3d movies - all for the relatively cheap price of # 29.99 -lrb- $ 45 -rrb-. scroll down for video. the immerse virtual reality headset -lrb- pictured -rrb- is available from firebox for # 29.95 -lrb- $ 45 -rrb-. it works with any android and ios phone that can run virtual reality apps from the
ten-year-old twin brothers obsessed with naval history had their passion come to life as they heard first-hand battle stories from their new best friend - 89-year-old world war ii veteran , robert harding. carter and jack hanson , who live in raleigh , north carolina , met their hero on the yorktown - a retired carrier in charleston , where mr harding served as an aircraft handler decades before , cbs reported. it was an emotional first meeting for the three friends who had been in contact for about a year via email after the twins learned about mr harding on their first
a freak snowstorm was captured on video engulfing a bridge and then a river in a matter of seconds in russia. the incredible weather event took place in siberia 's third largest city , krasnoyarsk , and shows the moment snow and sleet plunge the yenisei river into darkness. a video maker captured the storm , which initially it looks like a large white cloud , from the bank of a river. the snowstorm moved at a speed of 45mph and engulfed the kommunalnyi bridge in a matter of seconds. suddenly the storm grows in size and begins moving at a speed of 45mph towards the kommunalnyi bridge , which it instantly dwarfs with its size. flecks
the sense of burning injustice can not be allowed to fester for too long ; for all the psychobabble spouted about the strength of a siege mentality , there are few things more self-destructive than a suspicion that even the greatest effort may be undone by outside forces. the good news for celtic is that they have an immediate opportunity to both vent their frustration and exorcise any sense of helplessness created by sunday 's controversial scottish cup semi-final loss. the bad news ? ronny deila 's men looked like a tired team by time-up at hampden. as hard as they may have worked at building exactly the stamina needed for this
acetaminophen is the main ingredient in the over-the-counter pain reliever tylenol. painkillers not only dull physical pain , but they can also dull your emotions. this is according to a new study that claims acetaminophen -lrb- paracetamol -rrb- - the main ingredient in the over-the-counter pain reliever tylenol and paracetamol - has the ability to weaken feelings of happiness and sadness. acetaminophen has been in use for more than 70 years , but this is the first time that this side effect has been discovered. previous research had shown that acetaminophen works not only on physical pain , but also on psychological pain. this study takes those results one step further by showing that it also reduces how much users actually feel
two small boys , ages 5 and 3 , drowned after the child-sized all-terrain vehicle -lrb- atv -rrb- they were riding crashed into a pond in a rural area of northern california. the california highway patrol says the boys died sunday afternoon despite the father of one of the kids jumping into the water and pulling both children to shore. investigators say the 5-year-old , identified as blake cronkhite , was driving the 50cc atv , and his younger friend , jayden secrest , was on the back. scroll down for video. too young : blake cronkhite , 5 -lrb- left -rrb- , and jayden secrest , 3 -lrb- right -rrb- , drowned when their kid-size atv plunged into large pond in northern california. crash : the boys were riding
-lrb- cnn -rrb- a video shoot in nepal for an internet comedy series took a serious turn on saturday as the earth began rumbling. the nepali pranksters were in the middle of shooting an episode for their hidden camera series when the magnitude-7 .8 earthquake broke out. the team kept the camera rolling as they moved through the crowded streets , surveying destruction to homes and historic sites and capturing scenes of heroism and chaos. the nepali pranksters ' videos show people 's reactions to various `` pranks '' that challenge cultural norms. one video shows the pranksters walking up to strangers
moscow -lrb- cnn -rrb- joy womack is taking part in her first ballet class of the day at the kremlin ballet theatre , kicking her legs up to her head , jumping and spinning across the room. after class , she eats boiled sweets , one after another -- they are a cheap form of energy. the dancer , raised in california and texas , left her parents and eight brothers and sisters behind when she arrived in russia six years ago , aged 15 , speaking no russian. she studied at the bolshoi ballet academy and was one of the first americans accepted from the school into the company. but in 2013 she left under a cloud -- media reports suggested
an australian teenager has joined the puffy pout craze by using a shot glass to pump up her lips to ridiculous proportions. violeta tupuola , who lives near canberra and already has naturally beautiful voluptuous lips , has joined the #kyliejennerchallenge sweeping social media of placing the opening of any narrow vessel over their mouth and sucking in until the vacuum of air causes their lips to excessively swell. in an attempt to emulate kylie jenner 's bee-stung pout , violeta got the shock of her life when she removed the shot glass and suddenly had such protruding lips that social media users compared her to a duck. scroll down for video. in an
after a weekend when special goals were the norm in the premier league , it 's not an easy task to pick the best of the bunch. from jermain defoe 's match-winning volley in the tyne-wear derby on sunday , to charlie adam 's audacious long-range effort against chelsea on saturday evening , there 's plenty to choose from. here , sportsmail 's jamie redknapp picks his top five goals of the weekend and explains why they 've made his list. 5. alexis sanchez -lrb- arsenal -rrb- vs liverpool. i ca n't believe i have to make this goal no 5 in my list. it just shows the calibre of the goals scored this weekend. the chilean took a brilliant first touch before spinning to
a shocking surveillance video showing a mob of teenagers beating two high school students on a subway platform has been released. the footage captured at spring garden station in philadelphia on tuesday shows the group of youngsters viciously attacking the victims just seconds before the train pulls into the station. they then pull them to the ground , punch them and repeatedly stamp on their heads. brawl : the footage captured at spring garden station in philadelphia on tuesday shows the group of youngsters viciously attacking the victims. targeted : they then pull them to the ground and punch them. other parts of the
-lrb- cnn -rrb- relations between iran and saudi arabia have always been thorny , but rarely has the state of affairs been as venomous as it is today. tehran and riyadh each point to the other as the main reason for much of the turmoil in the middle east. in its most recent incarnation , the iranian-saudi conflict by proxy has reached yemen in a spiral that both sides portray as climatic. for riyadh and its regional allies , the saudi military intervention in yemen -- `` operation decisive storm '' -- is the moment the sunni arab nation finally woke up to repel the expansion of shia-iranian influence. for tehran and its regional allies -- including the
an australian doctor is the face of the latest islamic state propaganda video in which the terrorist organisation announces the launch of its own health service in syria. the propaganda video shows a man with an australian accent who calls himself ` abu yusuf ' and calls on foreign doctors to travel to the isis stronghold raqqa to help launch the ishs -lrb- the islamic state health service -rrb- , which appears to be mimicking britain 's national health service. the vision shows yusuf handling babies in a maternity ward while wearing western-style blue surgical scrubs and a stethoscope. scroll down for video. an australian doctor who calls himself ` abu yusuf ' is geatured in the
harvey weinstein 's wife georgina chapman today gushed online about her ` wonderful husband ' - just days after it emerged he would not face criminal charges for allegedly groping an italian model. in an apparent effort to push past the scandal , the british-born fashion designer , who turned 39 on tuesday , shared an instagram image of a large bouquet of flowers he had bought for her. ` thank you for my beautiful flowers !!! #wonderfulhusband #birthday , ' she wrote alongside the photo. scroll down for video. moving on : georgina chapman , who is married to harvey weinstein , shared this image to her instagram page
when jason archinaco 's wife said she wanted to get a fourth cat , it is unlikely that this is quite the addition to the household she imagined. because , since monday , the family have been sharing their home with arguably los angeles ' most famous mountain lion , p-22. the cougar , the other name for the species , has made his home in the crawlspace under the house in the hilly los feliz neighborhood - and has so far resisted all attempts to get him to move out. scroll down for video. new home : the lion - known as p-22 - was found by workers in the crawl space at midday on
the man accused of murdering bride-to-be stephanie scott is like an invisible man in the small rural town he moved to just 13 months ago. leeton has a close-knit community of only 6,700 people , but little is known of the casual school cleaner who has swept the halls of leeton high school since october. the 24-year-old man charged with the murder of local english and drama teacher ms scott on easter sunday was born in tasmania and lived in holland with his family before returning to australia as an adult. vincent stanford moved into a single-storey home with his mother and elder brother in leeton ,
stephan lichtsteiner could tell eden hazard and paul pogba were going to be special after training with them , and the defender has tipped kingsley coman to be the next big thing. lichtsteiner played with hazard at lille and currently stars alongside pogba at juventus , where he feels he is watching 18-year-old forward coman being sculpted into a special player. ` eden was there for my last year at lille , ' lichtsteiner told the independent. ` in training you could just see that he was an incredible player , he had something that nobody else had. stephan lichtsteiner -lrb- left -rrb- pictured with paul pogba -lrb- right -rrb- as the pair celebrate a goal for juventus in 2013. pogba celebrates with his team-mates
tottenham 's danish star christian eriksen may not have found the net since january , but the midfielder still knows how to score when the opportunity presents itself. the spurs midfielder was spotted smooching with stunning girlfriend sabrina kvist jensen in central london as he enjoyed a night off. the lovestruck couple , who have been together almost three years , could n't keep their hands , or lips , off each other as they walked through soho. tottenham midfielder christian eriksen was pictured kissing girlfriend sabrina kvist in central london. eriksen , who joined spurs in the summer of 2013 , has
it is easy to understand the distaste that so many feel for floyd mayweather jr.. he is brash , he can be crass , and when it comes to being a braggart , he is the undisputed world champion. he is the cartoon embodiment of the excess for which his adopted home town of las vegas is notorious. a poor kid from grand rapids , michigan , he has spent his adult life over-compensating for the deprivation he once knew. he has tossed handfuls of $ 100 bills into the air at a strip club and hurled wads of cash into a swimming pool so he could amuse himself by watching girls dive to retrieve them. the mouthguard he will wear during ` the fight of the century
kurt cobain , john lennon , freddie mercury. every rock band has a face. but what if they were seen as one ? in an unusual project by men 's face product company west coast shaving , each member of history 's most esteemed rock bands are blended into one. scroll down for video. the face of rock : the members of 30 legendary bands are blended into 30 single faces. some band members in particular shine through. at first glance , the photo for the beatles looks like a blurry picture of a young paul mccartney. kurt cobain is clearly visible in nirvana 's
anthony trollope , a famous novelist , introduced post boxes to the uk in 1852 after seeing them in france. royal mail is to issue a set of stamps marking 200 years since the birth of anthony trollope -- the victorian novelist who also introduced post boxes to the uk in the 1850s. the limited edition sheet of stamps feature images of trollope and his life , including the first post box design. although famous as a novelist , trollope also made history by introducing post boxes while working for the post office , after seeing them in france. the first boxes were erected in jersey in 1852 as a trial before appearing across mainland britain. they were initially painted green , to blend in with the landscape ,
massachusetts senator elizabeth warren says she 's relieved dzhokhar tsarnaev has been found guilty of carrying out the boston bombing - the greatest tragedy in her state 's recent history - but does n't believe he should be executed. in an interview with cbs this morning on thursday , warren reacted to wednesday 's jury verdict which found the 21-year-old guilty on all 30 charges related to the boston marathon explosions which killed three and injured hundreds at the finish line. ` nothing is ever going to make those who were injured whole and it 's been a terrible thing but this is a step toward
caster semenya reclaimed the south african 800-meter title on saturday and said she 's injury-free and looking to qualify for the world championships. the former 800 world title-holder and 2012 olympic silver medalist won in 2 minutes , 5.05 seconds in stellenbosch , near cape town , making her move on the last corner and pulling away from the field through the final 50 meters. semenya 's winning time was just over four seconds off the qualifying mark for the worlds in beijing in august , but she has run sparingly over the last three years because of injury problems. caster semenya reclaimed the south african 800-meter title on
frozen salt and vinegar crisp , anyone ? we all know freezing is a great way of preserving foods. but believe it or not , the process can make some things taste even better. from cakes to curries , freezing brings out more of their flavour and boosts the texture. here , tessa cunningham puts a host of our favourite foods to the frozen test ... cakes. if you think nothing beats the gooey deliciousness of a home-made cake fresh from the oven , think again. resist the temptation to cut that first slice straight away and , instead , put your cake into the freezer. scroll down for video. the gooey deliciousness of a cake
texas was hit with more than two inches of rain and tennis ball-sized hail stones in just 15 minutes. hundreds were evacuated from a circus big top after the weather system tore through the sides during an acrobatics show in angleton on friday night. more than 1000 homes lost power between houston and dallas on saturday. scroll down for video. swamped : texas was reportedly hit with two inches of rain water in 15 minutes over the weekend. and cars were left floating in harris county in half a foot of rain water. the storm is expected to move up toward
the february afternoon we arrived in adelaide , the mercury was whizzing up to a sizzling 46c and the south australian city was the hottest place on the planet. the temperature had climbed above 40c for a whole week and even the aussies were struggling. appropriately , friends took us out that evening to dine in one of the city 's hottest restaurants - celsius ! luckily , it was air-conditioned and served phenomenal food. we especially appreciated the peanut butter and popcorn ice cream. but adelaide that week was also hot for other reasons. it was the cycling mecca of the world , with 20 teams of lycra-clad
march 30 , 2014. the slip has n't happened and liverpool are looking strong. they are top of the league with six games to go and only manchester city are better placed , theoretically , with two games in hand to make up a four-point deficit. there will be a slip , there will be a surge and there will be tears. theory wins , romance loses. life at the top , as it was then. dejected manchester city players during their 4-2 derby defeat to manchester united on sunday. jubilant liverpool players celebrate raheem sterling 's opening goal against newcastle united on
the mystery hero who raced to the edge of a cliff and pulled a driver from his precariously-balanced car has been identified as a 29-year-old man who fled the scene to go to work. jason warnock was named as the hero who rescued 23-year-old mathew sitko after he crashed his car on wednesday morning , causing it to hang off a canyon cliff in lewiston , idaho. but after saving the man , warnock said he could not stay and rushed away from the scene. a photo of the moment he pulled the panicked man from the wrecked car was shared online as authorities tried to identify him. incredible rescue : jason warnock , 29 , has been identified as the man who
a war of words appears to have erupted between two former rival stations who last week merged newsrooms. an account purporting to be sydney radio station 2ue sent out a tweet on thursday morning which appears to have come from a disgruntled former employee. ` apologies for the s *** news service these days , ' the tweet began. ` we hope you like the sound of whinging hyenas reading the news. #bringbackblanda ' , the post ended. what looks to a tweet from a disgruntled former radio employee emerged on twitter on thursday morning. the hashtag was in reference to the station 's former newsreader steve blanda , who
famished and queuing despondently as far as the eye can see , these images will have the islamic state 's slick propaganda unit spitting feathers. in scenes more familiar in the most impoverished refugee camps , scores of downtrodden syrians wait in line for hours for food in the terror group 's self-declared capital raqqa. it 's a far cry from the all-conquering image of prosperity its jihadi pr machine would like the world to believe. the pictures were posted on twitter by a member of the anti-isis campaign group raqqa is being slaughtered silently who risk their lives every day by documenting atrocities
the mother of convicted murderer aaron hernandez has revealed the unlikely bond she developed over the course of her son 's trial. terri hernandez says she grew close to ursula lloyd , the mother of odin lloyd over the trial , even thinking about her when the jury came back with their first degree murder conviction. ' i smiled at her after the verdict and just nodded my head , ' she said. scroll down for video. terri hernandez -lrb- above -rrb- is opening up about the bond she shared with ursula lloyd during her son 's murder trial. lloyd -lrb- above -rrb- refused to
-lrb- cnn -rrb- some of the men and women of the indianapolis police force are giving up their blues. beginning friday , blue uniform shirts will be traded for white ones for command staff members of the indianapolis metropolitan police department -lrb- impd -rrb-. in a statement , the department said the change is being made as part of its constant effort to ensure `` accountability , professionalism and transparency ... at the forefront of our day-to-day activities. '' as police departments around the country see more protests over the use of lethal force , impd officials acknowledge that this is a time of `` increased scrutiny of police operations
a couple of wartime sweethearts who were married for almost 72 years have been buried next to each other after dying days apart. ronald pearson and his wife miriam met at an evening dance while he was serving in the raf police and she the auxiliary territorial service during the second world war. they married in 1943 and settled in broughton near chester , welcoming their daughter two years after celebrating ve day. after almost 72 years together , mrs pearson , 95 , died last month. her husband followed two days later aged 94. ronald and miriam pearson died last month within two days of each other. the couple
frustration was clear in the voices of peter moores and alastair cook as they fended off repeated enquiries about kevin pietersen 's future more than a year after he had seemingly been banished from international cricket for good. well , there is only one person to blame -- and that is colin graves. the incoming ecb chairman has been responsible for the mixed messages that leave the england team in as big a state of turmoil and internal rebellion as ever. graves has forged an excellent reputation in english cricket as chairman of yorkshire for the way he bankrolled and transformed the club ,
for the first time , the government 's drug regulator - the medicines and healthcare products regulatory agency -lrb- mhra -rrb- - has approved a remedy containing a traditional chinese herb. the product , phynova joint and muscle relief , contains sigesbeckia , a herb traditionally used to treat aches and pains caused by arthritis. ` until now many gps have been wary of recommending chinese herbs , but now there is one product that we know is produced safely and at the optimum dose , ' explains professor george lewith , a complementary medicine researcher from southampton university. sigesbeckia is a herb traditionally used to treat aches and pains caused by arthritis. ` sigesbeckia gives us
prosecutors say they 're dismissing almost three dozen criminal cases connected to four fort lauderdale police officers who lost their jobs following an investigation into a racist video and text messages. the broward state attorney 's office reported on thursday that they had already dropped 12 felony cases , 19 criminal misdemeanor cases and one juvenile case involving one or more of the officers. nearly 20 more dismissals expected. the arresting officers in the cases , which include burglary , cocaine possession and aggravated assault with a firearm , are no longer on the police force. scroll down for video. criminal cases connected to four former fort lauderdale police officers have been dismissed after an investigation into a racist video and messages
they played in grey and duly put in a dull and uninspired performance , these really are dark days for newcastle united. still , at least they returned a club record profit of # 18.7 million last week and retail gain was probably behind the bizarre decision to ditch their black-and-white stripes. but on sunday they set another record as losers of the last five tyne-wear derbies. john carver looks on as his newcastle united struggle against rivals sunderland in the tyne-wear derby. head coach john carver said before the game he had a secret motivational tactic up his sleeve and would only reveal what it was following victory. well , we 'll never know what he
-lrb- cnn -rrb- we did it again , in another american city. we set baltimore on fire this time. we brutalized black bodies. we turned a funeral into a riot. we let things get out of hand. we looted. we threw stones at policemen. we threw stones at citizens. we created camera-ready chaos , and we replayed the images. we created a culture of such deep distrust and disrespect that violence seemed the inevitable response. we let the violence flow. we let the violence stand for everything that 's wrong with the things we already did n't like. by now you may be asking , `` who 's we ? ''
us authorities have confirmed that the highly toxic pesticide methyl bromide caused a delaware family to become seriously ill at a u.s. virgin islands resort , and that the chemical was used at the resort several times in the past year , officials said tuesday. the us environmental protection agency said it is contacting people including employees at sirenusa resort in st. john to determine how many others might have been exposed to the pesticide. it was banned for indoor residential use in 1984. ` methyl bromide is a potent neurotoxin , so it really affects your central nervous system , ' epa
talk about team work ! this is the heartwarming moment a peckish goat named clyde balances on a donkey friend in a bid to reach some treetop treats. footage shows the rotund animal with his front hooves planted firmly on his pal 's back. his horned head is then craned to the branches where he proceeds to nibble up leaves. lean on me : this is the heartwarming moment a peckish goat named clyde balances on a donkey friend in a bid to reach some treats in a tree. the donkey barely moves as its buttocks and sides are prodded. however , after about a minute
jack wilshere can be the future of arsenal 's midfield , but his injury record could turn him into another abou diaby , fears club legend ray parlour. wilshere was on the bench against reading at wembley on saturday after five months out through injury. and parlour believes that the 23-year-old 's fitness record is the one thing holding him back from reaching his undoubted potential. jack wilshere , on the bench next to theo walcott and mathieu flamini , for arsenal 's match against reading. wilshere , the england international , is pictured in training for arsenal earlier this month. ` i think he 's the future of the club , ' said parlour. ` i think
mourners at the memorial service for celebrity cosmetic surgeon dr frederic brandt , who killed himself a week ago , said a tv show that parodied his appearance was partly to blame for his death. many believed that he was ` hurt ' by the show and it was a factor in the 65 year old 's decision to take his own life. ` fredric was a dear friend but he was also very vain and to be parodied this way must have hurt , ' said edith newman , a friend for 30 years. ` it would have had an affect on his thinking. it is just so sad. '
kim kardashian continued her tour of the tour of the holy land with husband kanye west and their daughter north , as she visited the site of jesus christ 's crucifixion. on monday , she took her family to jerusalem 's old city - the reputed location of the historical religious event - to visit armenian church st james cathedral in order to baptise their little girl. and , clearly overwhelmed and honoured by the pilgrimage , kim took to instagram to share a couple of pictures from inside the holy building. scroll down for video. humbled : kim kardashian seemed amazed to be inside saint james cathedral in jerusalem 's old city on monday , the location for her daughter north 's baptism. along with her artful
researchers found women judged to have pretty faces also have voices regarded by men as appealing -lrb- file picture -rrb-. men can judge how attractive a woman is by hearing her talk , according to a study. researchers found women judged to have pretty faces also have voices regarded by men as appealing. ` people can make quite reliable guesses about women 's facial attractiveness on the basis of their voices , ' said study co-author markus koppensteiner , an anthropologist from the university of vienna. he added : ` attractive voices may create an idea about what a woman will look like. '
he 's known as living in one of the most exclusive postcodes in london , and enjoying the best bars and restaurants with his wealthy co-stars , but chelsea boy andy jordan 's heart lies outside the capital. from getting stopped and searched for drugs in mexico , to hijacking tuk tuks in india , the fun-loving broker has had many adventures beyond london 's exclusive sw3 postcode. while you may expect him to enjoy the best luxury hotels around the world , the carefree traveller says he often packs the bare minimum and even enjoys staying in the odd travelodge. jetsetter : andy jordan from made in chelsea has enjoyed the best hotels around the world , but also
-lrb- cnn -rrb- given that most people could n't tell the difference between a copyright and a trademark , it usually takes something controversial , such as the washington redskins ' refusal to change their name , to get people interested in trademark law. this week , a higher court scrutinized a lesser-known trademark -- when the band the slants sought to protect its name. the slants are five asian-american musicians from portland , oregon , who pay homage to the '80s on stage -- and homage to their heritage in an ironic way. `` we want to take on stereotypes that people have about us , like the slanted eyes
gps are the gateway to nhs care -- nine out of 10 times , the first contact a patient has with the health system is through their gp. yet access to gps has become a major policy and political issue. the crisis in a&e has led some to blame a lack of available gp appointments for people heading to emergency departments instead. weekend opening hours for gps has been touted as one solution - by improving access , many patients wo n't need to take up other care services. the crisis in a&e has led some people to blame a lack of available
the london book fair author hq event , with kindle direct publishing , is a three-day programme packed with informative seminars for budding authors. a range of experts will share their knowledge of the publishing industry and offer invaluable advice and insights to provide new writers with information about the best ways to get their work published. among others , there will be representatives on hand from little , brown , harpercollins , headline , quercus , the creative penn , the alliance of independent authors and the society of authors , and from agents david higham associates , the agency group and a. m. heath. experienced authors will be on hand to reveal
does any player fluctuate between world-beater and under-achiever more than andros townsend ? currently on a high after his stunning equaliser for england against italy in turin on tuesday night , the 23-year-old tottenham winger has already had more ups and downs than most players experience in their careers. on his day , townsend stands in comparison with the very best. he terrifies defenders with his speed and directness -- a trait he also possesses off the pitch judging by his ` told you so ' tweet to a critical paul merson this week. that ability was first noticed two years ago when he single-handedly
space lasers are best known for blowing people - and planets - up in science fiction , and even the odd bond movie. but one scottish scientist is hoping they could , in fact , be the answer to heating our homes in the future. however , he has n't ruled out the chance of someone could potentially use them for weapons. space lasers : dr adrian quarterman has suggested space lasers could be used to power homes in the future - but says the beams will be nowhere near as powerful as imagined in films like star wars -lrb- pictured -rrb-. dr adrian quarterman , of dundee
this is the shocking moment a young kurdish girl fires a machine gun at isis , before boasting she has killed 400 of the islamic militants - as she is egged on with cries of ` kill , kill '. the little girl , who appears to be around six or seven , is shown sitting on a ridge in her bright pink jumper and trainers , just behind the large machine gun. she chats away to a man behind the camera , telling him she is ` shooting at daesh ' in kurdish - before firing several rounds into the desert. shocking : the
england picked up their first title on the sevens world series this season after beating competition leaders south africa 21-14 in the final of the tokyo tournament on sunday. phil burgess , charlie hayter and tom mitchell scored the tries in the final for the english , who bounced back from a thumping group stage defeat to fiji on saturday to win a first title since the wellington sevens in feb. 2013. ' i am unbelievably proud of this team. it 's a huge effort and we are so grateful to deliver this title , ' skipper mitchell said after victory
photographers have captured some remarkable pictures of the lyrid meteor shower above the uk last night. the meteor shower , visible around the world but best seen from europe , has been observed for the past 2,700 years and peaked overnight with between ten and 20 an hour. and the cosmic show will continue on into saturday , so it is still possible to catch a glimpse of some meteors if you did n't last night. scroll down for video explanation. john phelan took this picture , showing the lyrid meteor at porthcurno beach in cornwall in the early hours of this morning. nick watson , a semi-professional photographer from
a recently released affidavit reveals that a chinese translator was accused of sharing government information with an alleged spy. in the affidavit , timothy s. pappa , an fbi agent , claims that xiaoming gao was paid ` thousands of dollars to provide information on u.s. persons and a u.s. government employee. ' that information was provided to individuals she thought to be chinese intelligence officers. despite these claims however , she was never prosecuted by the government. what 's more , the affidavit also revealed that gao lived with another state department employee who had top-secret clearance. scroll down for video. an fbi affidavit from november 2014 that was recently unsealed reveals translator xiaoming gao -lrb- above on
in custody : doug hughes was put under arrest for his gyro-copter stunt. homeland security secretary jeh johnson has admitted that a gyro-copter flew 80 miles undetected and under the radar from gettysburg , pennsylvania to the lawn of the us capitol on wednesday. reacting to the latest embarrassing security lapse at the white house and capitol , johnson pleaded for calm and resisted calls for sweeping changes. ' i want to know all the facts before i reach an assessment of what can and should be done about gyrocopters in the future , ' he said. johnson confirmed that the pilot , florida postal worker doug hughes , was interviewed
a monkey that was thought to have died out more than 50 years ago has been discovered alive in the remote rain forests of the democratic republic of congo. primatologists working in ntokou-pikounda national park have captured the first ever picture of the bouvier 's red colobus monkey. their discovery proves that the primate - which was first discovered in 1887 and is only known from three specimens - is not extinct. scroll down for video. this is the first ever photograph of the bouvier 's red colobus monkey , which was thought to have been extinct. the image captured by researchers lieven devreese and gaël elie gnondo gobolo appears to show
there 's no surer sign that winter is coming than the end of daylight saving. but it 's not all bad news. the four-day easter long weekend will be extended by an hour when clocks go back an hour at 3am on sunday. the four-day easter long weekend will be extended by an hour when clocks go back an hour at 3am on sunday - including australian states such as nsw. changing the clock is also a reminder for people to change their smoke alarm batteries , fire services around australia say. pictured is the sunrise over melbourne cbd. for some that will mean an extra hour of sleep , while others
nervous , i was : mark hamill , who played luke skywalker in the original star wars films , said he had some reservations about abrams. mark hamill knew he had to say yes when george lucas told him about the plans to move forward with a new star wars trilogy. ` it 's not like a choice. it 's like i was drafted , ' hamill told a massive crowd saturday night at star wars celebration of his decision to reprise his role as luke skywalker in star wars : the force awakens. ` could you imagine if for some reason i
an anonymous good samaritan has donated $ 360,000 to pay for a man 's mortgage after he lost his wife and house in the mudslide that swept washington last year. tim ward and his wife of 38 years , brandy , were at home in oso , washington , on march 22 , 2014 , when tons of debris , soil and rock came crashing down from upland. brandy was one of the 43 people crushed by the force of the natural disaster. tim , who broke his pelvis , was buried under 25 feet of mud , but managed to call for help through a gap in the surface. just a week later , as tim started trying to rebuild his life , he was informed he did not have `
they might look like they 're competing for a spot on a talent show. but this hip-thrusting dance duo are in fact novices who decided to polish up their skills to surprise guests on their wedding day. nikki and kyle kuchenbecker from illinois went about perfecting a routine to the toe-tapping pop song , classic by mkto. video footage shows them getting into the groove with an attentive audience watching on. scroll down for video. caught on camera : they might look like they 're competing for a spot on a talent show - but this hip thrusting dance duo are in fact novices
my son is ahead of me , his kayak skimming across the slate blue water. a fish jumps. a battalion of cormorants lands on a tree. i pull up my paddle and the air settles around me , as serene as the lake. then james comes shooting across , spraying me with water as he turns on his paddle. ` there 's a great beach over there. let 's swim. ' james is nearly 16 , and i 'm painfully aware that my years of holidaying with him are coming to a close. my last choices all ended in teenage snits. then a friend suggested a back-to-nature break in poland. unknown :
southend united 's promotion charge continued on tuesday night at bury when a david worrall free-kick enabled them to leapfrog their hosts into fourth place. former bury player worrall struck from 25 yards in the 74th minute with a superb curling effort from a set-piece courtesy of a yellow-carded foul by adam el-abd. it put manager phil brown 's late-goal specialists , who pinched an added-time winner at exeter on saturday , behind third-placed wycombe only on goal difference. phil brown 's southend united move into fourth after a 1-0 win over bury on tuesday night. while bury dominated for long spells , brown 's men were rarely in trouble. bury began the night a point ahead of the shrimpers after winning
tony mccoy , the greatest ever jump jockey , is guaranteed a roaring send-off at aintree this week as racegoers tip a fairytale ending to his glorious career. the 40-year-old from county antrim has been bidding his farewells as he heads for retirement and has promised to call it quits there and then should his grand national ride shutthefrontdoor bring him a second career victory over the world 's most famous steeplechase. mccoy is riding in his 20th grand national and aintree is busy setting the scene to make sure it is one he never forgets. the royal liver building in liverpool was lit
a mere 53 hours to kick-off and all is serene at the training base of queens park rangers. mowers clip along on distant pitches as the sun beats down and the whitewashed pavilion is brightened by pots of forget-me-nots , a flower which could be adopted as the emblem of relegation. qpr boss chris ramsey appears relaxed and untroubled , insisting he had more sleepless nights coaching tottenham last season and joking about the difference between lidl and waitrose. his job is to chase pressure and negativity away at times like this , but beneath the surface fear tightens its grip on those near the drop zone. qpr boss chris ramsey -lrb- centre -rrb- is one of seven managers trying to keep
millwall left ewood park down , almost out , and in danger of needing snookers to avoid relegation from the championship. one source of salvation could yet come in the form of a three-point deduction for rotherham when a football league disciplinary commission rules on whether they fielded an ineligible player against brighton on easter monday. but even that might not be enough. the result leaves neil harris 's side four points adrift of fourth-bottom rotherham with two tough games remaining against promotion-chasing derby and wolves. rotherham have a game in hand and a much better goal difference. rudy gestede -lrb- centre -rrb- scores the opening goal for blackburn as
at last it 's on. not only the fight of the century but the sale of tickets for floyd mayweather versus manny pacquiao. the desert storm in a box office which some thought might pull the plug on the richest fight of all time has blown over. those priceless tickets will be on sale at 8pm on thursday after weeks of wrangling and accusations between mayweather promotions and pacquiao 's promoter bob arum. tickets for the fight between floyd mayweather and manny pacquiao are on sale on thursday. pacquiao posted a picture of him looking in good shape 10 days before the fight. this thorny matter was settled at a meeting between arum , mayweather 's advisor al haymon and cbs television mogul les moonves who brokered the
yet another scientific study has found no link between autism and the vaccine against measles , mumps and rubella -lrb- mmr -rrb- - even among high risk children. the findings , in the journal of the american medical association -lrb- jama -rrb- , are based on a study of about 95,000 young people. all those in the study had older siblings. some of the elder children had autism and some did not. numerous studies over the last 15 years have ruled out a link between the mmr vaccine and autism. since autism can run in families , researchers decided to look at whether vaccines could make autism even more
sandra bullock hid in her bedroom closet and sounded panicked and tearful at times as she guided police into her house after spotting an intruder last year , according to a 911 call played in court thursday. the oscar-winning actress called police after seeing a man in her home heading for the attic. the roughly 15-minute conversation with a 911 dispatcher is the first piece of evidence a prosecutor presented against joshua corbett , who is charged with stalking the actress and breaking into her home in june. ` i 'm in my closet. i have a safe door , ' bullock , breathing heavily
mohammed emwazi , the british jihadi now known as jihadi john , planned to join a different terror group in somalia years before becoming a member of isis , it has been reported. emwazi , who is originally from london , was planning on joining al-shabaab in africa but changed his mind after his friends were killed amid accusations they were set up by rival group members. instead he travelled to syria where he joined islamic state and became synonymous with their gruesome beheading videos posted online. scroll for video. mohammed emwazi -lrb- left -rrb- , now known as masked killer jihadi john -lrb- right -rrb- , planned to join al-shabaab in somalia before going to syria because two of his friends were killed , a
officers who rushed to the scene of the colorado theater shooting entered a hellish world of bloody victims , noxious smells and blaring sounds - a gloomy darkness pierced by bright flashes from a fire alarm , police testified wednesday. ` it was dim , the movie was still playing , the alarm was going off , ' aurora police officer annette brook told jurors in the trial of gunman james holmes. ' i began to notice the bodies , the live victims , the blood. ' prosecutors called brook and two other officers as witnesses on wednesday , and their descriptions of the chaos of inside the suburban denver theater intensified the already disturbing scene described a day earlier by moviegoers who were badly wounded
as eight teams prepare to battle it out for a place in the semi-finals of this season 's european rugby champions cup , sportsmail 's nik simon gives us a run-down of each of the sides left in the competition. leinster vs bath. strengths. fronted by captain jamie heaslip , leinster are armed with international experience and had 11 players in the ireland squad who beat england last month. bath 's qualities are channeled through their attack , with mike ford giving the likes of england backs george ford , jonathan joseph and anthony watson a licence to play with flair. weaknesses. poor league form has stunted leinster 's season , with
this is the moment a four-year-old girl broke down in tears because the ` little ducks ' in a nursery rhyme did not come back to their mother. rilie carey , from salem , oregon , learnt the popular song at preschool and was halfway through eating her dinner when she decided to perform it for her mom , jessica. she starts by confidently singing : ` four little ducks went out to play , over the hills and far away. ` mumma duck says quack , quack , quack , quack , but only three little ducks came back. ' but as the
he could have put it anywhere really. stuck it away simply , without too much fuss. yes , there was a goalkeeper still to beat but running straight on to the target , not a blue shirt in range , the odds were most certainly with luis suarez. yet every great player has a showman inside and the uruguayan is no exception. his finish -- curled into the top corner , right-footed , inch perfect , yet explosive -- was a moment of pure pleasure , a flourish that will not be forgotten. it was also barcelona 's third -- probably the goal
leigh griffiths sure knows how to finish. and , in passing , how to make a point. left on the bench for wednesday night 's home clash with kilmarnock , perhaps uncertain over his place in the starting xi for sunday 's scottish cup semi-final against inverness , the celtic striker scored a 19-minute hat-trick to guide his team to a handsome 4-1 victory. the treble-chasing reigning champions came from a goal down , inspired by kris commons and the second-half introduction of griffiths , to record a win that takes them eight points clear at the top of the premiership
in a bid to detract some of the attention away from apple 's official watch unveiling next week , motorola is launching a gold version of its own timepiece the day before. the gold moto 360 is available to pre-order online from o2 and any customers making orders before 10pm bst on 20 april will receive the watch on 21 april. it will then go on general sale online and exclusively from o2 stores in the uk on 23 april. the gold model -lrb- pictured -rrb- is available to pre-order online from o2 and any customers making orders before 10pm bst on 20 april will receive
-lrb- cnn -rrb- saturday at the masters , like any pga tournament , has been dubbed ` moving day '. it 's the day after the fat has been cut and the big dogs make their move up -- or occasionally down -- the leader board. players rose and players fell away on moving day at the 2015 masters. rory mcilroy went out in 32 and briefly raised the crowd 's hopes that he had a sniff of completing an improbable grand slam on sunday night. but he dropped two shots late on in the round to finish six under par. woods comeback ?
richie benaud made commentary look easy. believe me , it is n't. but he put in the hard work and he rose to the top. there 's a lesson there for a few of the blokes who pick up a mic today. i had the great honour of doing a stint on channel 9 in australia during an ashes test a few years ago. they 'd only recently introduced the concept of using three commentators in one go and , as usual , richie was keeping his contributions to a minimum. i mean that in a good way -- again , another lesson for today 's batch. anyway , richie had noticed something out in the middle
-lrb- cnn -rrb- these are fearful times on the highest mountain in the world. the devastating earthquake that hit nepal on saturday set off avalanches that left large numbers of climbers dead , missing , injured or trapped on mount everest. and aftershocks , including a strong one sunday , are continuing to send snow and rocks thundering down the mountainside , complicating rescue efforts. `` we were sitting here in base camp , feeling the situation was getting better , '' said climber carsten pederson. `` and then suddenly , we felt the aftershock , '' he told cnn on sunday. `` and immediately after the shock , we hear avalanches from all the mountains around us. '' but
some 40 miles north of san antonio , along a lonely two-lane road , stands a bedraggled , tin-sided building that hints at texas ' past. kendalia halle 's multi-tiered wooden truss was decked out in white lights as bruce and louetta schwab joined about 200 others for a monthly dance. the schwabs live east of dallas and during their recent visit to central texas hill country decided to visit the old hall , where patrons paid about $ 20 to hear bobby jordan and the ridgecreek band. ` it 's a combination of her love to dance and my interest in
-lrb- cnn -rrb- most days , 16-year-old jason zobott walks into huntley high school in suburban chicago around 7:30 a.m. like any high schooler might. it 's what he does the rest of the day that 's not so typical. zobott is enrolled in huntley high 's blended learning program , which merges internet-based instruction with a more traditional classroom setting. one-third of the school 's 2,700 students are enrolled. in 2015 , the school is working toward enrolling the majority of its students. `` having to work online makes it really accessible to do the work that i have to get done , '' said zobott , a top-ranked junior
patients should be able to speak to their gps on skype , nick clegg announced today. the lib dem leader wants existing phone appointments extended so doctors can see patients on video calls. some patients would be uncomfortable with the the prospect of exposing their ailments to their gp over the web. lib dem leader nick clegg wants existing phone appointments extended so doctors can see patients on video calls. mr clegg today met patients and staff at bodmin community hospital in cornwall as he campaigned in the lib dem stronghold in the south west. but officials stressed that people would not be forced use the service and insisted it
scottish football 's relationship with television has become a form of stockholm syndrome. no one is tied up in a basement. there are no hostages. yet the lengths to which the spfl will go to show love to those broadcasters who hold a gun to their heads has become a source of growing , simmering public fury. the scottish game is engaged in a faustian pact. and the television piper is calling the tune. sky and bt sports pay # 16million a year for live coverage of scottish football. the bbc puts in an estimated # 3m a year for sportscene highlights and radio commentaries. celtic striker leigh griffiths -lrb- right -rrb- completes his hat-trick during the win over kilmarnock earlier
-lrb- cnn -rrb- for many girl scout troops it is officially cookie season. i feel guilty saying no to the sweet , enthusiastic girls standing outside my grocery store who use their smiles and newly practiced sales pitches to ask how many boxes i 'd like to order. after all , the organization is dedicated to enhancing girls ' character and confidence. and i have to admit that the samoas -lrb- now called `` caramel delites '' -rrb- are delicious. but as a physician who is passionate about health promotion , i politely tell the girls , `` no , thanks. '' i am concerned that every bite and every sale not only delivers an unhealthy snack , but also a dangerous nutrition message. and i 'm surprised that more doctors
with its carefully controlled , stage managed events and blandly repetitive slogans , the election campaign so far has been just a little bit boring. but not if you are on nick clegg 's tour , where the lib dem leader has boarded his bright yellow ` fun bus ' for a series of bizarre and unlikely photo opportunities which today saw him try his hand at ten-pin bowling. aides say it is part of a deliberate strategy to get the deputy prime minister out of london to meet normal people as they go about their daily lives. and if that means pulling pints , sipping cocktails , hurtling down a zipwire
sister gertrud tiefenbacher -lrb- not pictured -rrb- was found in her bedroom , with a towel on her face. an 86-year-old nun was reportedly gang-raped before being murdered in her bedroom at a south african missionary. gertrud tiefenbacher 's hands had been tied with a typewriter cord and a towel placed over a face , say local police. her body was found by other nuns at the sacred heart missionary in ixopo , a small town 85 miles south-west of durban. police in kwazulu-natal are waiting for the results of forensic tests to confirm that sister gertrud was sexually assaulted. they say she was suffocated but they are unsure how many men attacked her. a small sum of
it is a leap of faith that could easily have ended in disaster. but thankfully , stunt performer antti pendikainen had attached a parachute to his snowmobile to safely deposit him on the ground after driving his vehicle off a mountain. captured on camera , these amazing images show the moment the finnish driver took to the skies. finnish stunt performer , antti pendikainen soars through the air with a parachute attached to his snowmobile in riksgrnsen , sweden. captured on camera , this adrenalin fuelled footage shows the moment a daredevil driver took to the skies after racing his snowmobile off the edge of a mountain. the group
after a fire took a family 's home of four years leaving them without anything , a georgia mother of six is making a desperate plea for help. kalimah dixon said she was awakened by a neighbor yelling there was a fire early on monday morning , and was lucky to get her children , aged one to 14 , out of the decatur condo safely. however , all that was left of her rented condo was a pile of rubble , and in her efforts to get her family back on their feet , she is asking for assistance. ` my children are homeless. they have nothing. they lost everything
a father cheated death by just millimetres when his car ploughed into the back of a lorry - yet he walked away with just cuts and bruises. marcin wasniewski , 34 , from foleshill , coventry , escaped death by millimetres after the car he was driving crashed into the back of a lorry on the a444 in coventry. at the time , emergency services workers greeted by the twisted metal and scattered debris at the scene said it was incredible the driver was even alive. merge : an ambulance spokeswoman said the car ` literally embedded ' itself into the back of the lorry. father marcin wasniewski is volunteering at
-lrb- cnn -rrb- on thursday , npr -- headquartered in washington , just 40 miles away from baltimore -- ran its latest update on the urban turmoil that has erupted in the wake of the death of 25-year-old freddie gray because of still-unexplained spinal injuries that occurred while he was under police custody. unfortunately , while it was a freshly produced segment , it was hardly a new story. titled `` baltimore unrest reveals tensions between african-americans and asians , '' the five-minute piece is urgently introduced with the promise that it will reveal `` what 's really happening in the more troubled neighborhoods of this majority black city , '' going on
a houston father was upset to learn that his five-year-old daughter was disciplined for wearing her rainbow spaghetti-strap sundress to school , where teachers said that it violated the dress code. jef rouner wrote in the houston press that his daughter was forced to cover up with jeans and a t-shirt when she was told that the spaghetti straps of her ` full-length ' dress were ` against the rules '. ` we still live in a country where someone can decide the shoulders of , and i ca n't stress this enough , a five-year-old girl are so distracting that they must be sent away and decently hidden , ' he said. kiddie clothes : jef rouner said his five-year-old daughter was
michael vaughan , alec stewart and andrew strauss are three former captains bidding to lead england 's reform after paul downton was sacked as managing director. all three achieved a great deal while playing for england and are well-respected figures within the game. sportsmail takes a closer look at the trio battling to become the most powerful man in english cricket. alec stewart -lrb- age 52 -rrb-. current job : director of cricket at surrey. show us your medals : played 133 tests , more than any england cricketer. players he likes : has established a rapport at surrey with the out-of-favour kevin pietersen -- says english cricket needs to be bold. reason it might happen
gone are the days when a few strategically-placed tissues was all you needed to give cleavage a boost - now japanese women are using ribbons. the fad involves women tying a blue ribbon under the breasts and in a loop over the arms , tying them at the back , so every time they lift their arms , their curves become more prominent. the idea was inspired by a popular ` anime ' cartoon character whose ribbon-bound arms and chest has become her signature. scroll down for video. a trend in japan has seen young women tying blue ribbon under their breasts for a better cleavage. in the show , called is it wrong to
-lrb- cnn -rrb- as thousands of south africans took to the streets of the city of durban to rally against violence and xenophobia , an online community has joined the protests. the marches follow recent violent attacks on foreigners in the country that have claimed five lives. during the protest march thursday , twitter followers voiced their support through hashtag campaigns. #peacemarch and #saynotoxenophobia were some of the most popular. south african police services said more than 10,000 people attended the march , including civil rights groups and nongovernmental organizations. hashtags are now pouring out of south africa. but many are asking , some via twitter , is it enough to fight #xenophobia ? attacks this week in durban alone have killed two immigrants and three south
a transgender woman killed herself after being taunted in the street for being different , an inquest heard. mikki nicholson , who was a national scrabble champion , stepped in front of a train , on november 7 last year after suffering daily verbal abuse in carlisle , cumbria. the 36-year-old had planned a move to newcastle , where she had hoped people would be more accepting. but she changed her mind months before her death after being told she risked homelessness if she left her social housing. mikki nicholson , who was a national scrabble champion , stepped in front
with the premier league season entering its final stretch , focus is now turning to the summer transfer window. many clubs will be looking to snap up a bargain free transfer and there are plenty to choose from. here are best players who are currently set to leave their premier league clubs on a free in june. manchester city 's tenacious , creative and versatile midfielder james milner could leave as a free agent. goalkeeper - gerhard tremmel -lrb- swansea -rrb-. at 36 years old , he is no spring chicken , but tremmel could prove a useful acquisition for a newly-promoted side. tremmel has played second fiddle to michel vorm and then lukasz fabianski during his four years at swansea , but has performed well when called upon
the price is right model who gave away a $ 21,960 car for free because of dumb mistake has said it 's the ` biggest mistake ever in game show history ' and the first of her six-year career. colombian-born manuela arbelaez 's mind was clearly somewhere else when she removed the wrong price tag during thursday 's show - giving contestant andrea the prize even though she guessed the wrong price. the model and host drew carey both gasped after she revealed the true price of the hyundai sonata se before andrea had finished guessing. speaking to the new york daily news , she described how after the blunder she broke down in tears and ` wanted to go in a wormhole and disappear. ' a contestant on the price is right has walked away with a $ 21,960 car for free courtesy of a dumb mistake by model manuela arbelaez - who has since said it was
-lrb- cnn -rrb- back in 1989 , ayatollah khomeini famously said he was `` drinking poison '' when he accepted a ceasefire to end the eight-year-old war with iraq. the war had helped define khomeini 's regime , the islamic republic , which he had founded a year before saddam hussein invaded iran. khomeini galvanized the nation , both his supporters and growing opponents , to fight against the enemy. he dragged out the war for eight years , despite saddam 's willingness to accept a ceasefire , and thus stabilized the foundations of the islamic republic. by the time he ended the war , the economy was in shambles , and there was no sign of his die-hard volunteers. since then , `` drinking a chalice of poison '' has became part of iranian political lexicon , and many analysts have asked whether ayatollah ali
having fathered 40 children by 20 different women , mike holpin has enjoyed his fair share of intimacy. but seemingly unsatisfied with his gaggle of offspring , scorned former lovers and being engaged for the fourth time , the 56-year-old is showing no signs of settling down soon. for despite being set to marry , the alcoholic benefits claimant still has a live profile on the site where he met his bride-to-be. despite being engaged for the fourth time and having already fathered 40 children by 20 different women , mike holpin still has an active online dating profile. offering a half-grin to the
-lrb- cnn -rrb- they are superstars flown in from across the globe -- and they probably had more legroom than you. the world 's leading showjumping and dressage horses have reached las vegas for this week 's world cup finals. the man who arranged their travel says , for horses , it 's business class all the way. `` there are two horses per box , '' explains tim dutta , who oversaw the loading of more than $ 150 million in equine talent onto a qatar airways flight at amsterdam 's schiphol airport earlier this month. `` we pay attention to each horse 's little idiosyncrasies
john travolta has broken his silence on the controversial scientology exposé going clear and says he never intends to watch the documentary. speaking to the tampa bay times while promoting his upcoming film the forger , travolta said his decades of personal experience in the organization have been nothing but positive -- nothing like the blackmailing , physically abusive cult portrayed in the film. ' i have n't experienced anything that the hearsay has -lrb- claimed -rrb- , so why would i communicate something that was n't true for me ? ' he said. travolta then spoke for the only celebrity whose dealings with scientology get more screen time in going clear than his own , tom cruise.
this is the emotional moment an 83-year-old grandfather saw an image of his mother for the first time in 70 years. thomas cain 's mother ora mae died in 1943 , when he was just 12 years old , and he was left thinking that there were no surviving photographs of her. but this footage , recorded in 2013 , shows the moment his enterprising granddaughter , andrea ferrell , 29 , gave him an old photograph she acquired from a distant relative. shock and tears : an emotional thomas cain is shown , left , looking at the old photograph , while to the right is his shocked expression once he realizes what it is. in the video she hands mr cain her present
it was due to be a routine mission to examine the depths of the gulf of mexico. however , researchers were stunned when their underwater robosub had an unexpected encounter almost 2,000 feet under the ocean. rather than the deep sea squid and corals they expected to see , a giant sperm whale swam to inspect their sub - causing gasps and shouts of ` holy cow ' from the sub 's operators. scroll down for video. the robot sub was examining the depths of the gulf of mexico when the sperm whale suddenly appeared. the sperm whale is the largest toothed whale.
a photographer has captured dozens of elvis impersonators as they gathered at some of europe 's biggest tributes to the king. graeme oxby documented the dedicated fans at events including europe 's tribute to elvis in blackpool , the elvis weekender in bridlington , east riding of yorskshire , and the european elvis championships in birmingham. the 50-year-old , from east yorkshire , even visited their homes to capture images for his photo series , called ` the kings of england '. he said : ` elvis was a unique phenomenon , the prototype superstar and his influence has spread far and wide.
caledonia , michigan -lrb- cnn -rrb- ben and shelby offrink met in college. it was n't the most romantic setting -- a study group for calculus-based physics -- but ben managed to turn it into a story worth telling by cheating. `` i set up a study group and ended up telling the other people not to come so it would be just the two of us , '' said ben with a smile. `` he was sneaky , '' says shelby. `` yeah , i wanted to meet her , '' says ben , `` and that was the best way i could
the nhs handed out 404,500 prescriptions for suncream at a cost of # 13million in 2014 and 4.7 million prescriptions for indigestion pills costing # 29million , damning analysis has found -lrb- file image -rrb-. the nhs is spending millions on prescriptions for suncream and toothpaste , a damning analysis has found. some patients are even being given hangover tablets and yakult yogurt drinks. critics said it was ` ludicrous ' that such items were being handed out when the nhs was rationing routine treatments. it has prompted concern that patients are abusing the system by demanding prescriptions for household essentials which are cheaply available at their local chemist. the figures came on the day that britain was ranked only 27th in the
with the helpless animals clutched tightly under his arms , this is the moment a suspected dog thief made off with two beloved family pets. pekingese marley and mitzy had been left to play in the front garden by their owners adele and steven worgan. but they were snatched when the couple were n't looking -- and neighbours believe they have caught the culprit on cctv. caught on camera : this is the suspected dog-napper seen on cctv footage with what appears to be two animals under his arms. ` we just want them back , ' said mrs worgan , 49. ` it 's devastating. none of us
it may be a british staple but the traditional fish and chips is in peril. as waters around the uk get warmer , popular species of fish including haddock , plaice and lemon sole could become less common as they migrate to more preferable water temperatures. and this could see the prices of these fish soar , or see them being taken off the menu completely. researchers have developed a model that combined long-term fisheries data with climate model projections from the met office. from this they predicted the abundance and distribution of popular fish , such as haddock and plaice , could fall as the north sea warms and this could increase the price of fish and chips.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- thump. the university of nebraska at omaha is getting a new $ 81.6 million stadium for its hockey , basketball and volleyball teams. thump. it 'll have luxury suites and everything. thump. but it seems all anyone can talk about these days ... thump. ... is the taco cannon. that 's right , we said taco cannon. an omaha taco shop has teamed up with the university to shoot tacos into the stands at sporting events. that the foil-wrapped eats will make to fans was made evident when voodoo tacos owner eric newton demonstrated the power of the cannon for cnn affiliate ketv.
-lrb- the hollywood reporter -rrb- a trailer for zack snyder 's upcoming `` batman v. superman : dawn of justice '' leaked online on thursday before quickly being taken down minutes later. a youtube user uploaded the handheld or camera phone capture of the trailer , which had spanish subtitles on the screen. the trailer begins with a commentator 's voice asking , `` is it really surprising that the most powerful man in the world should be a figure of controversy ? '' as footage of superman plays , numerous commentators ' voices overlap one another with their opinions of the superheroes ,
an elderly couple has spent four years living in the shadows after being forced to board up their windows because of constant anti-social behaviour. charles kingham , 86 , and partner pauline moore , 68 , have been together for 40 years and bought their home in the quiet lincolnshire seaside resort of mablethorpe for # 35,000 in 1987. they spent two years converting it into their dream home , but it became a ` living hell ' after it was converted into an integrated offender management centre , which deals with persistent criminals. scroll down for video. board stiff : the couple have been forced to board up every window in their home for protection. the
borussia dortmund 's nuri sahin claims arsenal tried to lure him from the bundesliga with a ` great bid ' but the turkey international did n't go because his family wanted to stay in germany. the former real madrid and liverpool midfielder , now back at dortmund , attracted interest from the gunners back in 2005 when he was playing in the under 17s. ` arsenal wanted to sign me with a great bid. my family did n't want me to go england , ' he told ntvspor. borussia dortmund 's nuri sahin claims arsenal tried to lure him from the bundesliga
ask any peruvian where the best place to party is and you 'll always get the same reply : ` puno ! ' the city 's colourful fiestas , combining spanish and inca traditions , often last for days. during the fortnight-long candlemas celebrations , dancers parade through the streets. men dress as multi-coloured dragons or monsters , while local women , known as cholitas , wear skirts puffed up with petticoats and small bowler hats. reeds all about it : hand-crafted boats on the gentle surface of lake titicaca. arriving in puno , you wonder at first where on earth the inhabitants get their energy. this city of 100,000 souls on the shores of lake titicaca could leave you breathless for all the
as jimmy anderson prepares to play his 100th test - needing only three wickets to equal ian botham 's england-record haul of 383 - sportsmail 's lawrence booth spoke to those who knew him and played with him in his early days for burnley , lancashire and england. england quick james anderson plays his 100th test match in antigua against the west indies from monday. anderson needs just three wickets to go level with sir ian botham as england 's top test wicket taker. michael brown. burnley cc team-mate , now club chairman. we used to call jimmy the ` pro killer '. playing in
-lrb- cnn -rrb- hi-ho , kermit the frog has some competition. a newly discovered species of glassfrog looks an awful lot like the famous muppet. bulging white eyes , kelly green skin , the works. but the name 's not nearly so catchy as its famous counterpart : hyalinobatrachium dianae , or diane 's bare-hearted glassfrog. if you have to , you can call it h. dianae for short. scientists found the species on the caribbean slopes of costa rica. this is big news in the scientific community. the last time a new glassfrog was found in costa rica was back in 1973 , according to the costa rican amphibian
-lrb- cnn -rrb- here 's a pop quiz : what 's better for america 's status in the world ? a -rrb- being a global leader in innovation , job creation , education , social mobility , literacy and child health. b -rrb- being a global leader in imprisoning the highest number of human beings -- its own citizens. it 's an obvious answer. but the unfortunate reality is that the united states leads the world in incarceration , not education. our country has shown time and again a nearly unlimited capacity to reinvent itself and move closer to the ideals
aston villa and reading have been charged by the football association in relation to crowd disturbances occurring after their fa cup quarter-final matches. it is alleged that villa and reading failed to prevent spectators encroaching on the pitch following the clubs ' sixth-round victories against west brom and bradford respectively. both clubs have until thursday to respond to the charge. reading fans invaded the pitch after the fa cup quarter-final replay against bradford at madejski stadium. aston villa supporters mobbed fabian delph and co after they beat west brom at villa park. the midlands club 's 2-0 win at villa park had to be temporarily stopped as fans spilled onto the pitch towards the end of the game and the full-time whistle prompted a mass pitch invasion ,
in a retweet on thursday , a staffer to real estate magnate donald trump managed to capture the coarsest background conversations americans are having about former secretary of state hillary clinton 's personal baggage. he may now be looking for a new job. ` if hillary clinton ca n't satisfy her husband , ' a texas-cowgirl college student tweeted , ` what makes her think she can satisfy america ? ' when someone retweeted the quip two hours later and included trump 's twitter handle in the message , one of the billionaire 's staffers retweeted it for him -- to his
-lrb- cnn -rrb- silent , almost shy as she headed into manhattan criminal court , ailina tsarnaeva was anything but timid when it came to a perceived rival , prosecutors say. according to a criminal complaint , tsarnaeva threatened a woman in a phone call this summer , saying `` leave my man alone. '' `` stop looking for him. ... i know people that can put a bomb where you live , '' she said , according to the complaint. considering who was making the threats , prosecutors did n't consider it a joke and charged tsarnaeva with aggravated harassment
didier drogba was utterly exhausted and emotionally drained as he and john terry held each other up through a post-match flash interview. it was as if these two warriors might collapse on camera if either of them moved , so they clung on and spoke happily if wearily after supplying the goals which fuelled this fight-back at leicester. drogba is into his 38th year and could be doing something a little more leisurely than leading the line through 90 minutes at the sharp end of the season. centre-forward is a demanding role in any team , let alone one of jose mourinho 's. ramires celebrates his stunning
ac milan has slammed alleged racism towards one of its youth teams as ` simply unacceptable. ' black players of milan 's under-10 team were allegedly subject to heckling and racist abuse during sunday 's 4-0 win over paris saint-germain in the universal cup. milan says it does ` not want to magnify the issue ' and ` truly hopes that these reports are n't true or that it was simply a sporadic incident. ' kevin prince boateng -lrb- right -rrb- gestures to the crowd after being racially abused during a friendly in 2013. boateng wears a shirt showing his support for anti-racism campaigns
when utah photographer alan lawrence learned that his newborn son , wil , had down syndrome his ` mind was flooded with many emotions , most of which were not positive. ' now , 18 months later , lawrence tells abc that little wil ` brings a light to our family. ' he said he once believed having a child with down syndrome would put limits on what he and his family could accomplish. instead , lawrence said , little wil has taken the limits off and ` opened so many doors ' for his family in return , the father of five has taken the limits off the
lewis hamilton is getting inside teammate nico rosberg 's head as the german bids to win his first world championship title , according to two time winner mika hakkinen. rosberg accused mercedes team-mate hamilton of deliberately compromising his race at last weekend 's chinese grand prix by slowing down but mika hakkinen said the british driver 's tactics , which saw him win a third consecutive grand prix ahead of the german , were entirely legitimate. ` if you are leading a race that 's a fantastic place to be and what goes in your mind when you are leading into finish the race first , ' said hakkinen.
at first glance the rectangular island of por-bajin looks like a foreboding fortress or prison , with its regular structure and ruined sections. but it is unknown for certain what the rectangular island and its labyrinthine ruins , located in a lake in deepest siberia , was actually used for when it was built 1,300 years ago. historians and scientists are divided , but some experts believe the isolated area may have been built to attract people instead imprisoning them , and suggest it was a summer palace , monastery , or an astronomical observatory. the mysterious island , por-bajin , was found in the centre of
a paratrooper who braved heavy taliban fire to rescue a wounded comrade received the victoria cross from the queen yesterday. she told lance corporal joshua leakey : ` i do n't get to give this one out very often. did you ever imagine you 'd be standing here ? well done. ' but in fact the 27-year-old is the second member of his family to receive the highest military decoration for valour -- a cousin was given the honour 70 years ago. scroll down for video. the queen awards a victoria cross to lance corporal joshua leakey , who showed immense bravery by drawing enemy fire and helping
a former nfl player has revealed that his mother demanded he pay her one million dollars as the cost for ` raising him for the last 18 years ' after he was drafted into the professional league. phillip buchanon was a first-round draft pick for the oakland raiders , and seventeenth overall , when his mother made the request in 2002. buchanon , who also played for the houston texans , tampa bay buccaneers , detroit lions and washington redskins before retiring in 2011 , discussed the incident in his recently released book new money : stay rich. ` if my mother taught me anything , it 's that this is the most desperate demand that a parent can make on a child , ' he wrote in an exclusive excerpt released to fox sports. former nfl player phillip buchanon
stretch marks are something that most women of all shapes , sizes and ages have. but this week model and chef chrissy teigen bought them to the fore after she posted a picture of her legs to instagram. the 29-year-old sports illustrated star is seen cross-legged after an all-day cooking session and says : ` bruises from bumping kitchen drawer handles for a week. stretchies say hi ! ' women have been taken to instagram to share pictures of their stretch marks after the body chrissy teigen posted an image of hers to the social networking site. since then hundreds of other women
the acting chief executive of the clinton foundation acknowledged that the global philanthropy made mistakes in how it disclosed its donors amid growing scrutiny as hillary rodham clinton opens her presidential campaign. the fund had been facing allegations of improper behavior after reports surfaced about undisclosed donations from foreign governments and a donor who was selling his uranium company to a russian state agency at the same time the state department had to approve the sale. acting ceo maura pally defended the foundation 's work and reaffirmed its commitment to transparency , describing its policies on donor disclosure and contributions from foreign governments as ` stronger than ever. ' however
andreas christopheros , 29 , was left fighting for his life when corrosive liquid was thrown in his face. a second person has been charged over a doorstep acid attack on a property developer that left him scarred for life and suffering a loss of vision. property developer andreas christopheros , 29 , was left fighting for his life when corrosive liquid was thrown in his face outside his home in truro , cornwall. nicole phillips , 45 , from hastings in east sussex , has been charged with perverting the course of justice and is due to appear at bodmin magistrates court on
a new york city mother has fled to germany with her daughter during a custody battle , police claim. ulrike berger , 44 , is barred by a court order from leaving the country with seven-year-old kaia. but on march 22 , a day after the little girl was dropped off for a weekend visit , they are believed to have boarded a plane to europe. manhunt : police are searching for ulrike berger , 44 , -lrb- left -rrb- and her seven-year-old daughter kaia -lrb- right -rrb-. it is believed the pair boarded a plane from new york to germany on march 22 , violating a custody court order. police
chelsea took a giant step towards the premier league title with a hard-fought 1-0 victory against manchester united. eden hazard 's sublime strike in the 38th minute proved crucial as jose mourinho 's side extended their lead at the top of the standings. here , sportsmail 's oliver todd rates the players ' performances at stamford bridge. branislav ivanovic had a tough afternoon marking marouane fellaini -lrb- left -rrb- but he did well in the air throughout. chelsea -lrb- 4-2-3-1 -rrb-. thibaut courtois 6 - while united dominated , not much to do. almost slipped up when he dropped a difficult cross. branislav ivanovic 6 - tough afternoon trying to get close to fellaini but
star wars : rogue one , starring felicity jones , which is slated for release in december 2016. the jedis are all but extinct , the old republic is in turmoil and the threat of the death star is looming in ` rogue one , ' fans learned at star wars celebration on sunday. gareth edwards who directed godzilla debuted a tantalizing trailer to preview the mysterious film , which is part of a series of films exploring other stories outside of the core ` star wars ' saga. ` for more than 1,000 generations , the jedi knights were the guardians of peace and justice in the old republic. before the dark times.
new york mets closer jenrry mejia has been suspended for 80 games without pay after testing positive for the banned substance stanozolol , major league baseball said on sunday. ' i know the rules are the rules and i will accept my punishment , but i can honestly say i have no idea how a banned substance ended up in my system , ' mejia said in a statement issued by the players union. ' i have been through a lot in my young career and missed time due to injury. i have worked way too hard to come back and get to where i am , so i would never
a florida childrens hospital has installed a ` catcam ' to let patients play remotely with abandoned animals. patients at wolfson children 's hospital are able to remotely play with animals at the jacksonville humane society shelter. the system uses high-definition cameras and interactive toys to let the children control three different cat toys at the shelter with the push of a button , and then watch on the tv as the animals react and play with them. scroll down for video. the toys include a long ` tail ' that swings from side to side when the user presses a button. the system uses high-definition cameras and interactive toys. children can control three different cat toys at the shelter with
this is the deafening moment a mother of six boys finds out she 's finally having a girl after the seventh time trying. video shows cher lair from apex , north carolina , cutting into a cake at her gender reveal party with family gathered around. she did not know the sex of her baby and gave the scan results to a baker. as she lifts up a slice of pink sponge , she can hardly believe her eyes and proceeds to scream out in excitement. after falling back in surprise , she then gets down on her knees repeatedly panting : `
-lrb- cnn -rrb- thinking about presidential candidates ? apparently , hormones are a major factor one should consider. according to one female businesswoman in texas , hillary clinton should n't be president because her hormones might make her so irrational she 'll start an unnecessary war. when george w. bush waged an unnecessary war in iraq -- was his testosterone to blame ? as cheryl rios , the ceo of go ape marketing , sees it : `` we 're built differently , we have different hormones. in the world that we live in , i understand that there 's equal rights and that 's a wonderful thing and i support all of
-lrb- cnn -rrb- in the beginning ... there was the bible , and it was a very good book. but this catholic had n't read it -- at least , not from cover to cover. so , in the middle of holy week , i decided to finally take the plunge. let me explain. my name is laura bernardini and i 'm a director of coverage at cnn , which means i manage our newsgathering and newsroom in washington. i 'm also a lifelong catholic. at work this week , i was talking with some colleagues about pope francis ' upcoming trip to the united states. during the course of that conversation , i admitted something that has privately bothered me for a long time. i have never read the
a very clever bearded dragon appears to have mastered the art of the english language , responding when she 's asked whether she wants something to eat. liz the bearded dragon , who lives with owner shannen hussein , 21 , on her hobby farm in melbourne , is the star of a recent video taken at mealtime. shannen can be heard asking liz : ` are you hungry ? ' to which the reptile responds with a definite nod of her scaly head. liz the bearded dragon responds to her owner when asked ` are you hungry ? ' the reptile nods her head after hearing her owner
like many women , i 've long dreamed of a bigger bust. as a modest 34b i 've experimented with every push-up , plunge and balcony bra there is , so i 'm intrigued to learn of a new # 150 bra that claims to take you from a b-cup to a dd in an instant. the scandfit try size -- dubbed ` the boob-job bra ' -- was developed to help women about to go under the knife decide what size implants to have. not surprisingly , it has gained a following among women like me who would never have surgery but love the idea of trying out a dream decolletage for a day. scroll down
the ` battle of holland ' was nothing short of sensational as raymond van barnevald defeated world no 1 michael van gerwen - earning the bragging rights and giving himself a fighting chance of qualifying for the showdown at the 02 arena. robin van persie was an interested spectator as he watched the bout on a camel tv and showed his support for his fellow dutchmen on his instagram page. the reigning premier league darts champion started well and found himself 2-0 up , before van gerwen began to score high and leveled the legs up. raymond van barneveld was in formidable form as he won ` the battle of holland ' against michael van gerwen.
the teenager who was famously pictured in a bloodied state in his mugshot after he sexually abused an 11-year-old boy and was beaten unconscious by the child 's father has been jailed for 25 years. raymond frolander , 18 , was beaten to a pulp by the furious father after he walked in on the teenager performing a sexual act on his son at his home in daytona beach , florida , last july. after frolander 's arrest , police released his mugshot , which saw him sporting swollen lips and eyes , black bruises and lacerations to his face. the photo was quickly shared thousands of times online. now , the defendant has been sentenced to a quarter of a century in prison by circuit judge leah case after pleading no contest to lewd
charles tillman has concluded his storied 12-year career with the chicago bears. the veteran cornerback has agreed a deal with the carolina panthers with the two-time pro bowler opting to link-up with ron rivera. at the age of 34 and after another injury-hit season , the new bears hierarchy did not express an interest in keeping tillman on the roster. but he leaves chicago with his achievements on the field matched by those off it. charles tillman has ended his chicago career but remains a favourite for his work on and off the field. drafted in the second round from louisiana lafeyette in 2003 , tillman became a staple
-lrb- cnn -rrb- the greater adjutant stork is a majestic bird. standing about 5 feet tall with an average wingspan of 8 feet , it soars over the boragaon landfill like a great protector. it knows the residents and shies away from strangers. `` they are intelligent birds. every time i got close to them they would fly away , '' photographer timothy bouldry said. the dirty , wet conditions of the landfill attracted the endangered stork , and the stork attracted bouldry. through a series of photos taken within a day , he captures what it 's like to live inside one of the largest
a workaday local news report on a brush fire came to an adorable ending when it inadvertently captured a kitten being rescued. roger lohse , a reporter with miami-area station wplg , was about to finish reporting on an 800-acre blaze in southwest miami-dade when his cameraman pointed out something behind him. as the camera zoomed in , live footage showed firefighters plucking a tiny black kitten from the edges of the smoldering blaze. it 's behind you : wplg reporter roger lohse had almost finished an unremarkable report on a fire when it was pointed out that a kitten was being rescued
judd trump was in confident mood after safely moving through to the second round of the betfred world championship in sheffield. trump led 7-2 overnight and many thought he would make light work of stuart carrington but he was made to battle before eventually securing a 10-6 victory. the 25-year-old closed with a century and will now face marco fu in the next round. judd trump beat stuart carrington 10-6 on thursday in the first round of the world championship. ` i 'm just going to focus on my own game , ' he told bbc two. ` if i play how i know i can ,
a young mother is desperately trying to raise money for an expensive cancer treatment which could buy her more time with her family. louisa steckenreuter , 35 , a mother to two young children , darcy , 13 , and tilda , 2 , was diagnosed with osteosarcoma , a rare form of cancer last year. now to have a chance at accessing potentially life-saving treatment the woman from dulwich hill , in sydney 's inner-west , needs to raise $ 100,000. ` what we 're hoping is that it gives me longer to spend time with my kids and watch
-lrb- cnn -rrb- the seventh installment of the `` fast and furious '' franchise , '' `` furious 7 '' is sure to draw fans curious about how the film handles the real-life death of co-star paul walker. but minus the off-screen tragedy , is `` furious 7 '' worth racing to the theater ? here 's what the critics are saying :. peter travers , rolling stone : '' ` furious 7 ' is the best f&f by far , two hours of pure pow fueled by dedication and passionate heart. this one sticks with you. the usual flaws -- plot bumps , muscle
v stiviano showed off two new accessories while enjoying lunch in los angeles on thursday. the 32-year-old was seen with an older male companion and some new braces on her already straight teeth while dining al fresco. this just days before a judge will decide if she must hand over $ 2.8 million in gifts she received from her ex , embattled former los angeles clippers owner donald sterling. scroll down video. v stiviano -lrb- above -rrb- showed off new braces while out to lunch thursday. she was joined for the male by an older male companion -lrb- above -rrb-. stiviano and her friend enjoyed lunch
steve bruce has promised his wife janet he will go on a diet after unflattering paparazzi pictures of him on a barbados beach were publicised. the hull manager says he was ` disappointed ' that the pictures were published and that he was baffled that anyone would be interested. steve bruce was looking larger than life after being snapped holidaying in barbados with alan shearer. bruce has promised his wife janet he will slim down after seeing the unflattering snaps. bruce was baffled that anyone would be interested in pictures of a 55-year-old on a beach. ' i do n't think too many 55-year-olds look that good on a beach do they , '
unbeaten championship leaders leigh delivered a stunning knockout blow as super league club salford crashed out of the ladbrokes challenge cup. the centurions twice came from behind in thrilling fashion to beat the red devils 22-18 in front of a 6,358 crowd at leigh sports village and stretch their winning run to 21 matches. the build-up to the fifth-round tie was dominated by the selection by leigh of former england forward gareth hock despite an agreement not to play against his old club , but he played little part in their downfall. unbeaten championship leaders leigh delivered a stunning knockout blow as super league club salford crashed out of
tim sherwood and chris ramsey may become a united force again in seasons to come. they could continue as rival managers. whatever happens , they will remember this night when they went toe to toe for 90 minutes of top-flight football. there was adrenaline , action , twists and turns. it was good to see two english coaches who have come up through the ranks against each other in a match of this importance. their teams ' premier league statuses were not decided on tuesday night , but this felt like a sliding-doors moment that directed their paths. tim sherwood and chris
perhaps it was the excitement of the grand national , but this horse fell at the first hurdle after wandering into thick mud. it was hardly becher 's brook - one of aintree 's most notorious fences - but cody somehow found himself stuck in the bog in belvedere , south-east london. crew members climbed into the watery ditch as they tried to ease the distressed animal to safety on friday afternoon. sticky situation : animal rescue experts spent more than an hour rescuing cody after he wandered into a bog. cody was covered head to hoof in mud after being dragged to safety , but - despite
the worst storm in a decade in nsw has killed three people , left 215,000 homes without power and caused commuter chaos with severe flash flooding but has n't appeared to deter surfers chasing the perfect wave. as the light was fading on monday , three men could be seen scaling huge walls of waves at deadman 's point in manly , sydney. on tuesday waves reached spectacular heights of 11.2 metres , according to the manly hydraulics laboratory , but this one later in the day appears even larger. the photo , which was posted on the sprout daily facebook page , was captioned : ' i did n't see a wave ridden but it was thrilling enough
sometimes a shrill alarm tone is n't enough to get you out of bed. and for one lazy dog , even a constant head-pounding could n't rouse her from sleep. lori smith filmed her pooch boomer being repeatedly hit as she lay with her head resting on the ledge of her electronic dog door. with the door jammed , it is seen constantly moving up and down hitting her skull each time. ` she just sits here all day and does n't even care , ' smith is heard saying as she watches the scene play out. ` that 's awful ! ' a
cook 's bradman jinx. with overcast conditions and moisture in the air , it 's easy to see why the out-of-nick alastair cook put west indies in to bat. on test match special , graeme swann revealed the exact moment cook 's form with the bat took a turn for the worse. he said : ` two years ago when england were in new zealand , brendon mccullum said cook was the closest thing to don bradman. ` he has n't scored a ton since. it 's the greatest piece of reverse psychology i 've ever seen. ' alastair cook 's former team-mate graeme swann pointed out when the england captain 's form turned. rashid made
more than 100,000 people on the coast of the pacific northwest are in the path of a potentially deadly tsunami that could be similar to the one in 2011 that ravaged parts of japan. the new study highlights the areas in washington , oregon and california that would require more time to successfully evacuate for higher ground in the case of the next natural disaster. it calculated that 94,872 residents and 42,424 employees live within the tsunami hazard zones of the three states. also in danger are 486 public venues , 440 dependent care facilities and 2,314 businesses with a ` significant customer presence '. scroll down for video. a tsunami evacuation route sign in nehalem , oregon , just one of the pacific northwest communities in the path of
disabled children can face a lot of challenges - but one photographer from washington wants to make sure they recognize that they all have a super-human ability to conquer any challenge set before them. for the superhero project , renee bergeron , 38 , photographs children with special needs as superheroes , dressing them up with capes , goggles , and wands in order to make them feel like they can do anything. ' i think a lot of people look at others with special needs and think of them as `` less '' in some ways , ' mrs. bergeron , who also has a parenting blog , recently told the mighty. ` let 's face it , though -- these
phil jagielka swapped everton 's training ground for a kitchen earlier this week as he learned to cook a traditional thai dish to celebrate the sacred festival of songkran. the toffees have been sponsored by thai beverage chang beer for over 11 years and jagielka , who scored the winner against southampton on saturday , was on hand to visit chaophraya restaurant in liverpool for a special cookery lesson. having teamed up with expert chef kim kaewkraikhot , everton 's captain prepared some pad thai - a stir-fried noodle dish - before taste testing his own food. video scroll down to watch phil jagielka 's trip to thai restaurant chaophraya. everton defender
ahead of this weekend 's premier league action , sportsmail will be providing you with all you need to know about every fixture , with team news , provisional squads , betting odds and opta stats. here is all the information you need for chelsea 's home clash with stoke ... chelsea vs stoke city -lrb- stamford bridge -rrb-. team news. chelsea. chelsea will make a late decision on whether diego costa will play in saturday 's match with stoke. the striker suffered a hamstring injury in the premier league leaders ' win at hull last time out and withdrew from spain duty , but may not be risked despite being passed fit following
until now , it has been a hidden world , protected by hundreds of feet of freezing water and 20 metres of ice. now , researchers have created a special robo-explorer to borrow into the ice and record the first footage of what lies on the seabed below the ross ice shelf. the icefin was deployed -lrb- and retrieved -rrb- the vehicle through a 12-inch diameter hole through 20 meters of ice and another 500 meters of water to the sea floor. scroll down for video. one of the unique creatures spotted on the seabed.the icefin was deployed -lrb- and retrieved
a monster crocodile has been caught devouring a one metre long lizard in one bite at a river. fishing guide carol gleeson watched as the hungry fresh water crocodile swallowed the water monitor whole , which is a type of goanna , at the mary river near pine creek in northern territory. after feasting on its ' meal , the three-metre reptile noticed ms gleeson from a distance before it submerged into the water. ` it was a real shock , ' ms gleeson told daily mail australia. ` there was only a little bit of the tail hanging out of his mouth , then he saw me a went under. '
cardiff city will have no supporters present at saturday 's championship game against leeds united at elland road after the welsh club backed their fans in handing back their allocation of 500 tickets. both clubs have a history of fan trouble but leeds have not confirmed whether the decision for such a low number of tickets was down to the club , council or police , when they would usually offer in excess of 2,500 tickets to away fans. and now cardiff have thrown their support behind a fan-run campaign to boycott the trip to elland road by handing back their tickets ` as a matter of principle '. cardiff city will have no supporters present at
on february 14 , 1998 , new kid on the block michael owen scored a hat-trick for liverpool in a 3-3 draw with sheffield wednesday at hillsborough. doing so on the most romantic day of the year was fitting for the division 's newest heartthrob. the expectation surrounding owen escalated , and the intro for the next day 's report in the liverpool echo said it all : ` brazil have ronaldo. liverpool , and now england , have michael owen. ' michael owen was the new kid on the block in the premier league and scored three at hillsborough in 1998. owen celebrates as he scores his hat-trick against sheffield wednesday on february 14 ,
tens of millions of people in china marked the annual ` tomb sweeping festival ' this weekend by travelling home to their ancestral villages. families across the country descended on graveyards to clean their tombs of the deceased and honour their loved ones , burning fake paper money and leaving their favourite food and drink to ensure they are not poor or hungry in the afterlife. as part of the qingming festival -- which means ` pure brightness ' -- china celebrates the coming spring and the beauty of nature , says people 's daily online. a grand and colourful ceremony was held in honour of the ` yellow emperor ' huangdi
we 're suckers for athletes who play with a lot of heart. in erik compton 's case , make that plural : hearts. he 'll tee off this week at the masters on his third. the 35-year-old veteran would rather be known for his golf than what he 's had to overcome to earn a spot in the field. but compton is n't shy about sharing his story , either. erik compton shares a joke with jim furyk during a practice round at augusta ahead of the masters. a first heart transplant at 12 , then a second in 2008 after a major heart attack - what doctors call a ` widow-maker ' - while driving home from a lesson with longtime coach and close pal
four seasons set out to recreate their famed hotel experience in the sky in a bid to cater to the growing demand among modern luxury travellers. and with the recent unveiling of their brand new private jet , they appear to be on the right track to achieve exactly that. revealed in a minute-long video , the aeroplane is displayed sitting on a runway and is featured alongside many of the in-flight perks that accompany the experience. scroll down for video. each four seasons journey includes air travel , ground transportation , planned excursions and all meals and beverages throughout the trip. the inside of the aircraft features leather flat-bed seats , which are the work of italian design
a father who walked out of a secretive christian commune where everyone wears blue uniforms and birth control is non-existent said living in the community was like being in a scary thriller movie. elijah overcomer , 26 , left gloriavale , a town of about 500 on new zealand 's west coast , with his wife , rosanna , 29 , and their children in late march 2013. shortly following their departure , the family watched the 2004 psychological thriller the village , by m. night shyamalan. mr overcomer said the film - where residents of a pretend 19th century town fear the ` wicked ' outside world -
-lrb- cnn -rrb- lane bryant has come up with a devil of an idea to market its lingerie while poking fun at a competitor. the plus-size clothing retailer has launched an ad campaign for its cacique line titled #imnoangel , seeking to `` redefine sexy. '' in a commercial posted on you tube , a group of plus-size models show off the bras and panties while saying things like `` how boring would it be if we were all the same ? '' and `` it 's all about how you feel. '' the campaign is a not-so-subtle dig at victoria 's secret and its very popular angels line , which caters to
raheem sterling first came to the attention of the wider world in a tv documentary charting brendan rodgers ' early days in charge of liverpool in the summer of 2012. in footage from a pre-season training session , the liverpool manager is seen rebuking sterling -- then a talented but largely untried teenager -- for answering him back. a little more than two-and-a-half years on and much has changed. now sterling is a 20-year-old england international and a cornerstone of liverpool 's first team. on wednesday he was back on tv again but this time he was attempting to call the shots. raheem sterling has turned
mini-bottles of shampoo and complimentary bottles of fizz have come to be expected as standard hotel fare among discerning travellers. in order to really stand out from their competitors , these properties now need to offer guests the finest - and , in some cases , the quirkiest - in over-the-top amenities and services. whether it 's a temporary pet fish , placed in your room and cared for by hotel staff , or a ` best man for hire ' to help make a couple 's special day that much better , these hotels have redefined what it means to go the extra mile. mailonline travel
it 's been a frustrating few weeks but at our end we are trying everything we can to make the fight that everyone in this country wants to see -- scott quigg against carl frampton. you 'll have seen by now that we have offered frampton # 1.5 million for the fight -- all he has to do is turn up , we will take all the risks. if there 's more we can do to make this fight happen then i do n't know what it is. now it is up to frampton and his people to decide if they really want it. if
mirko ` cro crop ' filipovic is desperate to scratch his eight-year itch when he takes on gabriel gonzaga in poland on saturday. cro crop lost to the brazilian in 2007 when a first-round head kick brought a swift end to the bout at ufc 70. but he is confident he can avenge the defeat on home territory. mirko filipovic -lrb- right -rrb- faces gabriel gonzaga in poland on saturday , eight years after losing to the brazilian. in 2007 , filipovic -lrb- right -rrb- was beaten by a first-round head kick and wants to avenge that defeat. filipovic admitted revenge is a motivating factor ahead of the
a sales manager who claimed he was left too disabled to work after a ` minor ' road accident ten years ago has been accused of attempting a # 600,000 fraud - after being pictured out in a coffee shop with his celebrity friend max clifford. kevin morgan , 55 , of weybridge in surrey , was injured when a land rover discovery reversed into his stationary rover 75 while he was working in dorset in september 2005. the married engineer suffered whiplash , which developed into chronic pain syndrome and a resulting deep depression , which together have ended his working life , his lawyers claim.
a contestant on the price is right has walked away with a $ 21,960 car for free courtesy of a dumb mistake by the model hired to reveal the answers on the daytime quiz show. colombian-born manuela arbelaez 's mind was clearly somewhere else when she removed the wrong price tag during thursday 's show. the model and host drew carey both gasped after she revealed the true price of the hyundai sonata se before contestant andrea had finished guessing. a contestant on the price is right has walked away with a $ 21,960 car for free courtesy of a dumb mistake by the model hired to reveal the answers on the daytime quiz show.
health officials say a drug-resistant mutant super-strain of a nasty stomach bug has made its way into the u.s. and is spreading - already causing more than 200 illnesses since last may. shigella infections , otherwise known as ` delhi belly ' or ` montezuma 's revenge ' were traced to people who had recently traveled to the dominican republic , india or other countries. the symptoms include diarrhea , stomach cramps and nausea. outbreaks of the shigella bacteria are not unusual , but this strain is resistant to the antibiotic most commonly prescribed for adults. cases of shigellosis -lrb- bacteria pictured -rrb- , otherwise known as ` delhi belly ' or ` montezuma 's revenge ' were traced to people
giving away healthy lead is enough to send most managers into a fit of rage. there are many players out there that could vouch for that. on saturday evening , nac breda manager robert maaskant let his fists do the talking as his side did just that against fc dordrecht. after being two goals to the good at the interval thanks to goals from dutch-moroccan forward adnane tighadouini , relegation battlers nac seemed to be heading towards three vital points against the team rooted to the bottom of the eredivisie. nac breda manager robert maaskant takes out his anger on the substitutes bench on saturday evening. after his side give up a
chelsea moved another step closer to securing the premier league title , after cesc fabregas scored an 87 minute winner at loftus road , to condemn queens park rangers to a devastating defeat. jose mourinho 's side struggled to get into their rhythm and had thibaut courtois to thank , following a series of impressive saves to deny charlie austin and matt phillips. here 's how sportsmail rated each player ... queens park rangers. rob green - his dreadful kick led to chelsea 's late winner. not a moment he 'll want to remember in hurry. 5.5. mauricio isla - tasked with taming the interchanging hazard and willian and kept at his task admirably. 6.5. steven caulker
a second ice cream company has recalled all of its products after health officials found listeria in a sample of its frozen treats. jeni 's splendid ice creams of ohio said on its website on thursday that it is recalling its frozen products after the listeria discovery. in an online statement , jeni 's said it is taking the voluntary precautionary measure in order to ensure complete consumer safety. the company is recalling its ice creams , frozen yogurts , sorbets , and ice cream sandwiches and closing retail stores until its products are ` ensured to be 100 per cent safe '. scroll down for video. jeni 's splendid ice creams of ohio announced on thursday
this incredible video shows the moment a world freediving champion jumped into the world 's second deepest underwater sink hole. the dramatic footage shows guillame néry standing at the edge before jumping in - all without scuba gear and simply holding his breath. and in the video he seemingly reaches the bottom of the 660ft -lrb- 200 metes -rrb- hole before swimming back to the surface. french free diver jumped into dean 's blue hole in the bahamas. guillame néry is seen at the edge before taking the plunge -lrb- shown -rrb-. the hole is 660ft -lrb- 200 metres -rrb- deep , although he does n't go to the
the u.s surgeon general has enlisted elmo to urge american children to get vaccinated in the wake of recent national debate over the right to refuse immunization. a campaign video sees dr vivek murthy and the sesame street favourite go through the process of getting vaccinated and explaining to children -lrb- and parents -rrb- why it is so important. in what appears to be a direct response to anti-vaccination campaigners , elmo and dr murthy questions why everybody does not get a shot. scroll down for video. campaign : surgeon general vivek murthy and elmo explain why getting vaccinated is crucial to keep other children safe and healthy. as dr murthy visits sesame street , elmo
clorox has apologized for a social media misstep after the household products company sparked outrage by tweeting ` where 's the bleach ' in reference to last week 's introduction of new 'em oji ' cartoons for iphones that include several faces of people with black and brown skin. the maker of clorox bleach and other products says it was attempting a humorous reference to other emoji symbols for objects like toilets and bathtubs that people use bleach to clean. but the corporate twitter post hit a nerve when news reports and online discussions were focusing on the new collection of racially diverse faces that have been added to the symbols people can use in emails and text messages. on twitter , some users
authorities in texas have banned a seemingly-innocent personalized number plate after three years attached to a swish lamborghini. now its houston owner safer hassan has 30 days to get rid of the license plate ' 370h55v ' - after the texan department for motor vehicles saw it spelled ` a ** hole ' upside-down. the authority has written mr hassan a letter explaining that the license plate would be cancelled in a month , writing : ` it has been determined that the personalization is offensive '. the personalized license plate which the texan department for motor vehicles deemed was ` offensive ' cheeky : the real
with its stuffed rhino heads and gleaming white tusks , the trophy room at sandringham was a relic of a bygone era -- as well as rather embarrassing for animal welfare crusader prince william. but now the age of political correctness appears to have caught up with the queen 's norfolk estate. for every last piece of hunting memorabilia has been removed from public display and replaced with what one visitor called ` trinkets and bric-a-brac '. throwback : how the trophy room at sandringham used to look , complete with stuffed rhino heads. bric-a-brac : sandringham 's updated display - and even the blood-red walls have been repainted white. all 62 items -- including an indian tiger , a leopard , skins and tusks -- have been placed in storage. even the blood-red walls have been painted white , as if to make clear the break with the past. the drastic change was apparent when the estate reopened its doors to the public on saturday. following the winter closure ,
sergio perez fears ' a very painful year ' lies ahead if force india 's roll out of their upgraded car this season proves a dud. build-time pressure over the winter resulted in the silverstone-based marque starting the campaign with a car that is considerably off the pace. the additional knock-on effect means a delay in the introduction of the team 's b-spec model , which is now not due to be unveiled until the austrian grand prix in june. sergio perez walks through the paddock in shanghai ahead of sunday 's chinese grand prix. perez locks his brakes on his way to 10th place finish in the australian grand prix in march. the hope is perez and team-mate nico hulkenberg will then finally be able
the girlfriend of a tv star 's son has posed in provocative images posted on social media in a bid to push the couple 's campaign to legalise marijuana. outrageous conceptual artist and son of television veteran terry willesee , jesse willesee , was arrested at sydney town hall for smoking weed at 4.20 pm on monday as part of the 420 campaign. joining him on his cannabis crusade is his girlfriend jasmine dinjar who has posed topless in underwear printed with marijuana leaves and with fingernails painted with the cannabis sign. jesse 's controversial partner in crime also lights up a pipe in one of the
around one in seven couples suffer with infertility and an increasing number are seeking alternative therapies in the hope it will bring them a longed for baby. those who can afford it can turn to london 's famous private medical haven harley street , where dr xiao-ping zhai has been helping women conceive for decades using only traditional chinese medicine. now she 's invited bbc cameras inside the zhai clinic , which she opened in 1996 , to reveal the secrets of her success. dr xiao-ping zhai says she has used chinese medicine to help a thousand women become pregnant. ` i 'm a doctor who initially trained in western medicine , then i studied chinese medicine as i realised lots
harlequins have announced that fly-half tim swiel will return to the club next season on a full-time contract. swiel , 21 , spent four months on loan with quins earlier this term before heading back to the durban-based sharks in south africa. ` tim made a real impact with us on loan earlier in the season and we are delighted that the sharks have granted him his release to come back to us on a full-time basis , ' quins rugby director conor o'shea said. tim swiel will return to h. ` he is a young player with a huge amount of potential and also someone who showed mentally that he is able to cope with
if a homeless man stopped you on the street and offered you money , what would you do ? that is the question being posed in a new youtube video by entertainer yousef saleh erakat , who disguised himself as a homeless man and found out that the answer was often less than kind. as a man in a suit and on his cell phone walks by in the beginning of the video , erakat gets his attention. ' i just want to be a helping hand today , ' he says , offering the man a $ 10 bill. the man holds his money
samantha says she thinks she 's ` fabulous ' i sprung out of bed this morning and examined myself in the full-length bedroom mirror , and i can honestly say that there 's never a day when i would rather be someone else. the woman looking back at me ? she 's gorgeous , intelligent and fabulous ! quite simply , i adore who i am -- inside and out. i 'm no narcissist -- i 'm perfectly aware i have flaws , but they 're deliciously wrapped up in the very unique moi. i 've grown to love my nose
-lrb- cnn -rrb- it 's not easy being the pope. not only does he shepherd nearly 1 billion catholic souls , he also leads a small but morally significant state with envoys and interests in nearly every country. as scholars like to say , the vatican has walked the line between spiritual and worldly concerns for centuries. sometimes , as when st. john paul ii stood up to communist poland , the church 's moral and political clout have combined to pack a powerful punch. at other times , popes have to make a hard choice : adopt the sharp tongue of a prophet or the discretion of a diplomat ? this sunday in rome , pope francis faced just such a
actress julia louis-dreyfus has revealed that the ultra-short hairstyle she models in the newest season of hbo 's political comedy veep was inspired by none other than presidential candidate hillary clinton. speaking in the latest issue of marie claire 's career-oriented supplement @work , the 54-year-old , who stars as fictional us president selina meyer in the hit comedy show , was quick to note the scrutiny the former senator and secretary of state has faced as a result of her varying hairstyles over the years , while also leaping to the politician 's defense. ` hillary clinton has gotten so much sh ** for her hairstyles over the years , ' julia , who also features on the cover of the supplement ,
blue bell ice cream announced friday that it has suspended operations at an oklahoma production facility that officials had previously connected to a foodborne illness linked to the deaths of three people. ` we are taking this step out of an abundance of caution to ensure that we are doing everything possible to provide our consumers with safe products and to preserve the trust we have built with them and their families for more than a century , ' the company said in a statement. last month , the company and health officials said a 3-ounce cup of ice cream contaminated with listeriosis was traced to a plant in broken arrow , oklahoma. scroll
two adjoining ` his and hers ' mansions have gone on the market on the world-renowned sandbanks peninsula for # 13million. standing just a few feet apart , the beachfront homes are virtually identical in every way , boasting an indoor swimming pool , four storeys and stunning sea views. but the prospective buyers might have to flip a coin to see who gets which one - because one of the homes comes with an extra en-suite bedroom. scroll down for video. two adjoining ` his and hers ' mansions have gone on the market on the world-renowned sandbanks peninsula for # 13 million. tom doyle , of estate agents lloyds
what are the chances of finding musical talent by randomly approaching people on the street ? brisbane based dj-duo mashed n kutcher did just that when they offered a keyboard and microphone to members of the public and invited them to bash out a melody. the black-and-white clip has spread like wildfire , clocking up over 1.25 million views in under a week and gaining coverage on leading media outlets around the globe. the clip shows adam and matt , who choose not to give their full names , approach a busdriver and a 7-eleven clerk to have a bash on the keys before going in search of a singer. it 's then they happen upon a
a rescued baby orangutan whose heartbreaking plight captured the hearts of thousands , has gone on to find love. budi - who spent the first year of his life trapped in a chicken coup - was introduced to jemmi less than a month ago and now the two apes appear to be inseparable. indeed , video footage captured at the international animal rescue 's orangutan center in indonesia , shows the duo throwing adoring glances at each other as they share a dinner of fruit. at one point jemmi nuzzles budi 's side and purses her lips , as if she is blowing him a kiss. he then promptly performs the same gesture back at her. love at first sight : budi - who
this little bear cub has picked a comfy place to take an afternoon nap so should n't be grizzly when he wakes up. the heartwarming scenes , captured by professional photographer denis budkov , 35 , during a trip to kuril lake in kamchatka , in russia , show the animal family have bear-ly a concern in the world as they play and snooze in the sunshine. he sat and watched as the mother , who was also already lying on the banks of the lake , - became a makeshift sofa for one of her playful cubs. time to get up : one cub wakes up while the other bear-ly stirs as they are snapped after they take a nap on banks of a lake
-lrb- cnn -rrb- launching rockets is a complicated thing. landing them upright on a platform floating in the ocean ? well , that 's never been done before. spacex , the private space exploration company founded by billionaire elon musk , hopes to give it a try. but weather forced it to scrub monday 's plan to launch. spacex said on twitter that tuesday at 4:10 p.m. et will be the next opportunity for the company to launch a two-stage falcon 9 rocket carrying an uncrewed cargo spacecraft called dragon on a flight from cape canaveral , florida , to the international space station. that will be the easy part. after the launch , spacex will try to guide the bottom
an eight-year-old boy who was made an outcast in his village and described by his own family as a ` ticking time bomb ' because he has hiv has been given a home at last. in a case that was condemned around the world , luo kun kun was expelled from his village when locals - including his own grandfather - signed a petition to banish him to ` protect villagers ' health '. following that cold-hearted decision , the mournful child explained how , ` nobody plays with me , i play alone '. but now a specialist school in linfen , a city in southern shanxi province , has stepped
veteran leeds prop kylie leuluai is facing the prospect of another six weeks on the sidelines after being told he needs shoulder surgery. the 37-year-old new zealander has not played since the super league leaders ' only defeat at warrington a month ago but coach brian mcdermott says his injury has now been properly diagnosed. ` we thought his biceps were the problem but he 's actually got a bit of floating tissue in his
a handwritten notebook in which britain 's enigma machine genius alan turing admits he is baffled by an equation could fetch up to $ 1million -lrb- # 690,000 -rrb-. the 56-page book bought in cambridge contains turing 's thoughts on the clearly tricky ` leibniz notation dx/dy '. ' i find -lsb- it -rsb- extremely difficult to understand in spite of it having been the one i understood the best once ! ' he wrote. scroll down for video. a handwritten notebook in which britain 's enigma machine genius alan turing admits he is baffled by an equation could fetch up to $ 1million -lrb- # 690,000 -rrb-. above , he wrote
the internet 's most popular capybara enjoyed some downtime in the bath with its duckling friends. capybara joejoe who lives in las vegas with his owner cody kennedy , has almost 60,000 followers on instagram. add that to his near 5,000 facebook likes and his twitter account that boasts over 1,000 twitter followers and you have yourself one popular rodent. the capybara called joejoe has near 60,000 instagram followers and lives in las vegas with his owner cody kennedy. the fuss surrounding the capybara is perhaps at first hard to understand -- until you see the various pictures and videos he is featured in
brian williams started embellishing his stories because he felt insecure following in tom brokaw 's very large footsteps at nbc , according to a new report. the network handed williams a six-month suspension in february after he acknowledged he had lied about being on board a helicopter that came under fire while reporting from iraq in 2003. but according to a report in vanity fair , williams started exaggerating his stories because he felt insecure about brokaw , whom he succeeded at nightly news in 2004. ' i always felt he needed to jack up his stories because he was trying so hard to overcome his insecurities , ' one
ahead of this weekend 's premier league action , sportsmail will be providing you with all you need to know about every fixture , with team news , provisional squads , betting odds and opta stats. here is all the information you need for west ham 's home clash with stoke ... west ham united vs stoke city -lrb- upton park -rrb-. team news. west ham. west ham will have ecuador forward enner valencia available again following a toe injury for saturday 's barclays premier league game against stoke at upton park. defender james tomkins has undergone shoulder surgery and hopes to be in contention again before the end of
she 's been living in new york for a year now , and it seems that princess eugenie is right at home in the cosmopolitan city. the 25-year-old cousin of princes william and harry was seen texting on her mobile as she navigated the concrete jungle on thursday. the british royal , who is currently working in new york , showcased her hipster style for the second day in a row wearing a black bowler hat , black leather top and a black and cream miniskirt. princess eugenie , who recently turned 25 , was engrossed in her phone after indulging in some retail therapy at intermix in new york. topshop striped zip through skirt. earn your style stripes ! visit site. like the rest of the royals
a vodafone customer has slammed the network provider after she was bombarded with flirty texts from one of the firm 's call centre workers. adele berry , of reddish , greater manchester , spoke to the call handler when she contacted the mobile phone company over a problem with her bill. but she was left shocked when the man later got in touch with her , calling himself her ` future hubby ' and asking about his ` in laws '. scroll down for video. adele berry has told of her shock after she was bombarded with texts from a vodafone call centre worker. ms berry was put through to a call centre in south africa when she phoned the
a former prison officer has claimed staff at one of britain 's toughest jails regularly arrange brutal fights between rival criminals behind bars. peter hiett , a decorated former prison guard at feltham young offenders institution , said staff would put inmates in a cell padded with mattresses and leave them to fight out any differences. the 49-year-old , who worked at the jail for eight years and was commended for bravery , said some workers would even stay and watch the battle unfold , while others ` turned a blind eye to it '. he also said gangs controlled entire wings at the jail in hounslow , south west london , leaving staff afraid to visit some areas of the prison for fear of being attacked.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- let 's start with a pop quiz -lrb- space junkies can skip this test -rrb-. true or false , mercury is :. 1 -rrb- the planet closest to the sun in our solar system. 2 -rrb- so hot that water could n't possibly exist there. 3 -rrb- something used in old-style glass thermometers. 4 -rrb- a planet you do n't think about very often. answers : true , false , true -lrb- but not what we 're talking about in this story -rrb- and i 'm guessing no. 4 is true too. if you flunked the test , it might be because mercury -lrb- the planet -rrb- suffers
albert park - australian grand prix. sepang - malaysian grand prix. shanghai arrived with a bang in formula one and while races in recent seasons have n't quite had the same excitement seen during its early years , there is enough substance for it to be an intriguing watch on race day. for instance whether the chinese grand prix is held as a potential title decider late on in the year -lrb- 2004-2008 -rrb- or as an early opener -lrb- 2009-present -rrb- it can often be hit with outside variables ; wet conditions often sprinkling some unpredictability over a weekend. the track
it was a ` once in a lifetime ' opportunity to work with one of australia 's most well-known personal trainers. but followers of gold coast training queen ashy bines were shocked to receive an email on saturday advertising one of her exclusive programs for an eye-popping $ us49 ,500 per year. ms bines on monday apologised to her ` very angry and upset ' followers after an extra zero was added to the cost of the yearlong program - the real price being a tenth of that , or $ 4,950. ` there was a mistake in the wording , ' ms bines said in an email to her thousands of followers , after questions from daily mail australia. scroll down for video. ashy bines , pictured ,
shops are full of red dresses this year , so should you be tempted to trade in your lbd for an lrd ? it 's a colour that radiates energy and sexiness , but that can all be wrecked if the style does n't suit you. we asked kate battersby to try six looks to see which work -- and which absolutely do n't. scroll down for video. i look so old in this ! dress , # 270 , gina bacconi at johnlewis.com. shoes , # 485 , biondacastana.com. lace may be back in fashion , but to me it 's unfailingly ageing. the
-lrb- cnn -rrb- a mysterious affliction has killed as many as 18 people in southwestern nigeria , leaving health officials scrambling to determine its cause. the cases have all occurred in nigeria 's ondo state since april 13 , health officials said sunday. dr. dayo adeyanju , ondo 's state commissioner for health , said 18 people have died and five people are being treated. those affected are between the ages of 25 and 60. the disease does not appear to be contagious , he said. symptoms include headaches , blurred vision , loss of sight and unconsciousness , adeyanju said. some
for one rail passenger it was like being ` held hostage '. another compared conditions in her carriage to an oven. stranded for up to five hours , they endured discomfort , frustration and danger more associated with travel in the third world. in fact they were among thousands on two commuter trains near clapham junction -- britain 's busiest interchange station -- during morning rush hour as services descended into chaos. scroll down for video. chaotic scenes : thousands of commuters were stranded on trains for up to five hours after a power failure at clapham junction station -lrb- pictured -rrb-
there seems to be an app for everything these days and nowhere is this more obvious than in the food industry where developers seem to be releasing new ones almost daily. there are apps that help you choose the best wines , tell you the best places to eat dinner , and sometimes even nudge you in the right direction when it comes to planning your evening meal. but with thousands on the market , how do you know which ones are the best ? planning your meals need never be a chore again with these ten apps. where chefs eat -lrb- left -rrb-
a trim 120-pound mother-of-four set a new world record this weekend and earned $ 6,000 in prize money after downing three 72-ounce steak dinners in just 20 minutes. competitive eater mary schuyler accomplished the stunning feat in front of hundreds at the big texan steak ranch restaurant in amarillo , texas on sunday. schuyler is such a champ that the four teams of two that competed against her did n't even come close to winning - even though they were allowed to split their dinners. scroll down for video. winner , winner , steak dinner : molly schuyler won the 72-ounce steak dinner challenge at the big texan steack ranch restaurant in amarillo , texas on sunday. fast eater : the
jimmy white 's bid to play in the world snooker championship for the first time since 2006 ended on monday as he crashed to defeat by matthew selt. white had defeated james wattana in his qualifying opener on saturday and needed two more wins to to reach the main event at the crucible. but it was n't to be for ` the whirlwind ' as he lost 10-8 to world no 30 selt in a tense battle on monday night. jimmy white 's bid to qualify for this year 's world snooker championship at the crucible ended on monday. matthew selt fought back from 7-2 down to beat white 10-8 in qualifying in sheffield. white , the 52-year-old who
a headteacher who allegedly used his school email to set up a threesome with a prostitute who he wanted to spank while she was dressed as a schoolgirl , has resigned from his post. david nicholson , 48 , sent the woman explicit messages saying he was ` keen ' on her dressing up like a pupil and was ` looking forward to putting you over my knee ' , it is claimed. the married father-of-four has not returned to the costello school in basingstoke , hampshire , since the correspondence came to light last month , and has now left the school. married father-of-four david nicholson is accused of sending messages to a prostitute about spanking her when she is dressed up in school uniform using his official school email. mr nicholson , from
anyone with a heartbeat dreams of hopping around the world , from the bright lights of new york city to the idyllic islands in the south pacific , but insurmountable costs keep us grounded most of the time. travel does n't come cheap , but it is possible to see some of the most amazing places on the planet on a tight budget or even get paid to do it. all it takes is a few sacrifices , hard work , commitment and an outgoing personality. here are some of the ways travellers can keep their costs down while satisfying their wanderlust. while travelling the world can cost a lot of money , there
a controversial anti-vaccination organisation has come under fire for comparing compulsory vaccination to rape in a social media post. the australian vaccination skeptics network , an anti-vaccinations lobby group , posted an image to their facebook page on thursday which shows a man holding a woman with his hand over her mouth in an aggressive silencing gesture. the tag line on the image read , ` forced penetration. really - no big deal , if it 's just a vaccination needle and he 's a doctor. do you really `` need '' control over over your own choices ? '. the australian vaccination skeptics network has come under fire for comparing vaccinations to rape. the image was posted in response to tough new laws announced by social services minister scott morrison earlier in april , which means that parents will no longer be able
history 's warning. england ended the day in a strong position , but it 's worth bearing in mind what happened in antigua in 2009. like thursday , england declared just before tea , leaving west indies a hefty target -lrb- 503 -rrb-. but the home side 's lower order hung on -- with sulieman benn batting as high as nine -- and forced an unlikely draw. stuart broad celebrates with his england team-mates after taking the wicket of kraigg brathwaite. bruiser buttler. with gary ballance knocking the ball around the park , his partner jos buttler thought he 'd get in on the act -- but instead smashed a loopy ball from marlon samuels straight
new zealand police are appealing to the public to help identify a man who robbed a christchurch dairy wearing a ` distinctive ' cartoon mask. the offender , snapped on security footage in a fluoro orange sweatshirt and oversized mask , is described as being ` very tall '. he made off with the dairy 's till and about $ 1500 in cash on saturday , stuff.co.nz reports. a man in a ` distinctive ' cartoon mask demanded cash from owner 's daughter on saturday. police were reportedly called to the union st dairy , in east christchurch at about 12.30 pm , after receiving reports of a masked man demanding cash from the
chamali fernando , candidate for cambridge , was speaking at a hustings event last night when she made the comment. a tory parliamentary candidate has sparked outrage after claiming mental health patients should wear coloured wristbands to flag up their conditions. chamali fernando , candidate for cambridge , was speaking at a hustings event last night when she made the startling suggestion. she said wearing wristbands indicating a person 's condition would help doctors , lawyers and police officers -- because people suffering mental illnesses often struggled to explain themselves. ms fernando , a barrister for 12 years , said : ` police , social services or hospitals dealing
china 's leadership has hit back at u.s. president barack obama who condemned the country for constructing an artificial island in the disputed south china sea. only yesterday , obama claimed beijing was ` using its sheer size and muscle to force countries into subordinate positions ' amid reports of controversial land reclamation efforts. but a furious chinese leadership has argued that it is washington which possesses - and wields - the greatest military muscle. the war of words come as newly-released satellite images reveal a flotilla of chinese vessels dredging sand onto artificially-built land masses near the spratly islands - an area which many other nations claim. war of words : china has criticised the united states over accusations it is
viewers have slammed saturday night live for a controversial sketch that made light of a teacher raping her 16-year-old student. during the clip he refers to the attack by his teacher as ` the best day of my life ' - immediately sparking outrage on twitter , with some calling it ` gross ' while another said it was a ` new low '. an attorney , portrayed by host taraji p. henson , asks the boy how long the illicit relationship lasted , to which daly replies : ` five glorious weeks m ` amm. controversial : the scene portrayed a
these are the pictures taken by an unforgiving regime of the men , women and children caught trying to escape its suffocating clutches and then forced to re-enact their ordeal for the cameras of the secret police. ` reenactment mfs ' - the ministry for state security better known as the ` stasi ' during the 40 year existence of the east german state - is a new book containing these photos of desperation which the socialist rulers used as evidence in the show trials against those they caught. they were also thought to have been used for training purposes for border guards and trainee agents intended to inculcate in them awareness of the lengths people would go to in order to try to escape
aston villa boss tim sherwood has offered encouragement to a six-year-old fan he beat to the job. charlie pye , from leamington spa , applied for the villa hotseat after paul lambert was sacked in february. the villa fan wanted a chocolate bar as a win bonus and would have agreed terms for a signed claret and blue football , a wwe wrestling figure and some sweets. sherwood wrote charlie a letter congratulating him on his credentials , despite missing out on the job. aston villa boss tim sherwood -lrb- centre -rrb- showed his softer side by replying to 6-year-old charlie pye. he wrote : ` from your letter it is clear
the irish challenge for next week 's # 1million crabbie 's grand national looks like being eight strong after trainer robbie hennessy confirmed rubi light a definite runner. the grade one winner over two and a half miles schooled over aintree-style fences on saturday under big race jockey andrew lynch. rubi light had the option of running friday 's shorter topham chase but hennessy said : ` he is going to run. there is only one national. one of his runs over three miles was when he was second in the lexus chase to synchronised and he went on to win the gold cup that season. irish trainer robbie
-lrb- cnn -rrb- combining healthy eating with moral support , jean nidetch became a heavyweight in the weight-loss industry. the founder of weight watchers died wednesday at her home in florida. she was 91. what would become weight watchers started as a group of friends meeting in her queens , new york , living room in 1961. nidetch described herself as an `` overweight housewife obsessed with cookies. '' after countless fad diets , nidetch figured that accountability was the key to keeping the weight off. at the time , she was 38 years old and weighed more than 200 pounds. her guiding philosophy :
jaap stam had just ordered a new kitchen for his cheshire home when he was informed by sir alex ferguson that he was being sold to lazio. the then manchester united manager did n't mention in the same conversation that his son , jason , stood to make a seven-figure sum in his role as an agent in the deal. no , stam 's representatives would discover that later. raheem sterling shakes hands with liverpool boss brendan rodgers during training on thursday. the two were at melwood alongside the rest of the liverpool squad in preparation for clash with arsenal. rodgers remains confident that sterling will stay
one of the most widespread ` food rules ' passed down from generation to generation may actually be a myth. the five-second rule , which has been cited to justify picking up everything from a salt and vinegar chip to an assortment of cold cuts , is not as sure-fire as many snackers would surely like it to be. experts have largely dismissed the almost magical powers surrounding the five-second rule , but said what type of food and where you drop it does come into play. scroll down for video. one of the most widespread ` food rules ' passed down from generation to generation may actually be a myth , meaning this tart is n't safe
in afghanistan , many girls are forbidden from riding bicycles - they are , however , allowed to ride skateboards. so when australian skateboarder oliver percovich created skateistan , a non-profit organization that aims to connect youth in afghanistan with education through skateboarding , it should n't have been a surprise that 40 per cent of the program 's students would be girls. in 2012 , photographer jessica fulford-dobson decided to take pictures of these middle eastern skater girls , and her work was recently on display at a gallery in london. scroll down for video. tough girls : photographer jessica fulford-dobson took pictures of young girls skateboarding in dresses
a stunning new series of photographs of the late artist frida kahlo have been released as part of a new book. in the images , which are featured in frida kahlo : the gisèle freund photographs , the formidable painter is seen at her most relaxed , walking around her house in mexico. the pictures portray the artist in her garden or languishing in her bed , giving an unparralled insight into her life with many of the pictures taken in the years before her death in 1954. scroll down for video. in the beautiful new pictures by gisèle freund the late artist frida is seen at her most intimate , her she is
the widow of us navy seal chris kyle has revealed the painful moment she first broke the news to their two children that their father had been murdered. taya kyle told abc 's robin roberts she gathered her son , colton and daughter , mckenna and prepared to tell them. ' i remembered just closing my eyes , the tears rolling down and me just trying to breathe , ' said kyle. reveal : taya kyle had to do everything she could from falling apart in front of her kids when she explained to them their father had been killed. recovery : taya has given an interview to
work has started on repairing the roof of the silverstone motor racing circuit which was damaged by high winds during the last couple of days. part of the ` wing ' - the $ 40million -lrb- # 27m -rrb- , three-story corporate building at the host venue of formula one 's british grand prix - was affected by the winds on late sunday and monday. images on social media appeared to show a section of the roof had been removed. a section of silverstone 's motor racing circuit roof was damaged on sunday and monday due to high winds. silverstone sporting director stuart pringle insists upcoming events will not be affected by recent damage. silverstone 's sporting director , stuart pringle , says in a statement that the site ` looks a bit of a mess at the moment ' but ` the damage is
chris robshaw is braced for further scrutiny after he was caught on camera holidaying in barbados with girlfriend camilla kerslake. the england captain has already talked to andrew strauss and lawrence dallaglio about the pressures of being in the spotlight in world cup year. robshaw 's worst fears were realised earlier this month when he was snapped on a sunshine break. chris robshaw and camilla kerslake shared this boating picture via instagram while on holiday in barbados. the couple attend the olivier awards at the royal opera house on sunday and robshaw in action v france. `
the jockey they all struggle to beat but also a rider no sane jockey would attempt to emulate. that is the verdict of colleague andrew thornton when trying to explain what has made ap mccoy such a dominant force in his sport. cheltenham gold cup winner thornton has been one of the few weighing room colleagues to witness mccoy 's entire career , from shy newcomer to national sporting superstar. ap mccoy will race at sandown on saturday for the last time before he retires following a successful career. mccoy has two rides at sandown on saturday before he retires from professional racing
a wily coyote gave the new york police department the runaround for more than an hour on tuesday morning after it was spotted on the grounds of an apartment building next to a church in manhattan. the male animal , which was eventually captured with a dart gun , was first seen by a local walking his dog in the park near the church of the holy apostles at 28th street and ninth avenue in chelsea. after the resident alerted two workers to the sighting , nypd officers arrived at the scene. however , the coyote did not surrender easily , sprinting across the grass and dodging the cops ' attempts to catch it. it was only captured more than an hour later when
bradley dew has been jailed for mugging his deaf friend to steal his mobile phone and a # 10 note. a thug has been jailed after he mugged his deaf friend to steal his mobile phone and a # 10 note. bradley dew , 26 , had been drinking with his friend at a pub in faversham in kent earlier that day and had borrowed his mobile. but later in the evening dew returned to his friend 's home , claiming he had lost the mobile on a train after returning from herne bay. as the friend said he was about to go
england may be well on course to sealing their spot at euro 2016 but it appears as if manager roy hodgson still does not know his best xi. sportsmail 's top team of reporters have submitted their starting line-ups for the finals in france , assuming everyone is fit of course. let us know your england xis by posting them in the comments section below. england manager roy hodgson pictured at the juventus stadium during tuesday 's friendly against italy. matt lawton. hart ; clyne , cahill , jagielka , baines ; henderson , wilshere ; welbeck , rooney , sterling ; kane. not perfect by any means but i think it 's important to keep rooney in a more central position , in the no 10
virtual reality headsets could help to tackle air sickness and jet lag during flights , according to a team of british engineers. a new device , called the flow vr , provides passengers with a virtual image of the horizon that mimics the movements of the aircraft. this can help to combat the conflict between the information coming from a person 's eyes and their sense of balance in the inner ear , which can lead to travel sickness. the system , designed by in-flight entertainment company flow ife , can also present travellers with high quality images of their destination that replicate the time of day to help them acclimatise to their new time zone. airline qantas is the first
a remarkable farming couple have devoted their lives to adopting disabled orphans - taking in more than 40 children over the last 26 years. tianwen chen , 65 , and his wife gairen guo , 60 , found their first child in a box on the roadside and gradually took more and more disabled children into their two-bedroom home in rural shanxi province , central china. but the couple have faced a great deal of heartache over the years , and are only now living comfortably with 12 of the children with the help of donations by kind-hearted people , according to the people 's daily online. big family : tianwen chen and his wife gairen guo have adopted 40 disabled children over the past 26 years. nine
an unemployed woman has her heart set on a ` fairy-tale church wedding ' - and believes the taxpayer should foot the bill as it is her basic human right to be a bride. anna broom , of gillingham , in kent , has not worked since the age of 19 , during which time she has claimed more than # 100,000 in benefits. the jobless 33-year-old now wants an extra # 10,000 to fund her dream ` traditional english wedding and party in a castle '. miss broom is desperate for a church ceremony , designer dress , horse and carriage - ` like katie price ' - and
two more games ; that 's all it will take. two more games and jose mourinho will have confirmed his mastery of the premier league with a third title in five attempts at the trophy and chelsea will be crowned champions. the clue that this was the decisive game was in the manic nature of the second half. not on the pitch , but on the touchline. mourinho and his assistant rui faria were up and down with unusual intensity , even for them , waving players back with the most extravagant gestures when they lost the ball. hold on to this lead , was
big brother star pete bennett , who won the tv programme in 2006 , has revealed he is now homeless. the 33 year old from brighton 's life went rapidly downhill after he finished first in the seventh series of the channel 4 show nine years ago. despite being given # 100,000 of prize money and releasing a successful autobiography , pete is now broke and living off the charity of friends. scroll down for video. pete bennett appeared on jeremy kyle today to reveal that he is now homeless. speaking on the jeremy kyle show today , the star revealed that he
-lrb- cnn -rrb- sofia vergara 's ex-fiance is speaking out about their dispute over frozen embryos created while they dated. in an op-ed published by the new york times on wednesday , nick loeb explained his rationale for fighting to keep the two female embryos he shares with the actress. `` i wanted to keep this private , but recently the story broke to the world , '' loeb wrote. `` it has gotten attention not only because of the people involved -- my ex is sofia vergara , who stars in the abc series `` modern family '' -- but also because embryonic custody disputes raise important questions about life , religion and parenthood. '' loeb says he met
atlanta -lrb- cnn -rrb- a fake name on a facebook post can still get you in real trouble , especially when you 're threatening to shoot every white cop you see. ebony dickens of east point , georgia , posted her facebook rant under the name tiffany milan , police said. `` all black ppl should rise up and shoot at every white cop in the nation starting now , '' said the post made on monday. `` i condone black on white killings. hell they condone crimes against us. '' the post was removed a day later , just before dickens was
the dawn spacecraft has captured amazing new images of the mystery bright spots on the dwarf planet ceres , which continue to baffle scientists. in particular , the images show the brightest spot and its companion standing out against the darker surroundings. but experts are still at a loss to explain the composition and source of the bright spots. scroll down for video. nasa scientists in california have revealed new images of the dwarf planet ceres. they reveal new views of the two brightest spots in a crater -lrb- shown -rrb-. however , scientists are still not able to explain what they are. dawn will begin its
charleston , south carolina -lrb- cnn -rrb- the casket is draped with an american flag , and walter scott is dressed in a dark suit. a white banner with a blue star refers to his favorite nfl team. it says : `` tradition , the cowboys way. '' a few mourners trickled into the fielding home for funerals in charleston , south carolina. charleston mayor joseph riley comes by to pay his respects and show support for the scott family. they are not at friday night 's visitation , the mayor says. the stress of the past week since scott was fatally shot in the back by a
cancer-stricken basketball player lauren hill is spending her final days helping to raise money for cancer research and has already accumulated over $ 1.5 million. lauren , 19 , uses a wheelchair and sleeps for many hours at children 's hospital in cincinnati where she is being treated for a brain tumor. she has expressed her desire to help others there as she continues to fight her disease. during her senior year of high school , lauren was diagnosed with dipg -lrb- diffuse intrinsic pontine glioma -rrb- , a rare form of brain cancer with a survival rate of less than 10 percent. scroll down for video.
a tv cameraman has been banned from the aaron hernandez murder trial after admitting he followed jurors at the end of a court session. superior court judge susan garsh punished robert cusanelli of whdh-tv after two jurors told the court they were trailed by a van as they tried to get into their cars on wednesday. ` he can not come into this building or be driving a whdh vehicle for the purpose of doing reporting work on this case , ' garsh said from the bench after cusanelli testified under oath. two jurors informed the court thursday morning that they saw someone watching them in a ford explorer. one took a picture of
-lrb- cnn -rrb- a brutal raid on the garissa university college in kenya has left nearly 150 people dead -- including students -- and dozens more wounded. gunmen attacked the campus early thursday as morning prayers were underway , shooting indiscriminately and taking hostages before being killed by security forces , officials said. the u.s. embassy in nairobi said al-shabaab militants have claimed responsibility. the harrowing attack comes just months after al-shabaab militants murdered non-muslim workers in a kenyan quarry. the terrorist group has been behind numerous attacks in the region. it has also recruited some americans , particularly from the somali-american community in minnesota. al-shabaab is a somali
like hundreds of thousands of others , model and tv personality jesinta campbell was a fan of wellness blogger belle gibson and followed her inspirational story of cancer survival. but after gibson finally admitted she faked her multiple cancer diagnoses -- following months of speculation and the undoing of her health empire -- campbell has joined the chorus of angry followers who say they feel insulted by her deception. ' i am so disappointed and shocked and on every level , this is so irresponsible on her behalf , ' campbell said on the today show on thursday morning. ' i was actually at an awards ceremony - the cosmopolitan fun fearless female awards - and
if you 're fed up with repeatedly typing passwords , hovering your finger on a sensor or staring at your phone waiting for it to scan your face to unlock it , a new device could cure your woes. the salt card is designed to end the tiresome task of manually unlocking a smartphone or tablet by automatically making it come to life whenever the user is nearby. the credit card-sized gadget also locks devices again as soon as a user moves out of range at a distance of 10 feet -lrb- three metres -rrb-. scroll down for video. convenient : the salt card
lada niva 4x4 # 13,395 on the road. as a result of the land rover defender 's demise , there could be a boom in sales of a russian badge which was a butt of many jokes in the soviet era -- the lada. lada 's 4x4 niva has long been the car that bucked the trend of laughing at the russian carmaker and has won
-lrb- cnn -rrb- this is week two of an ongoing series : a catholic reads the bible this week covers the book of genesis , chapters 1-11. a week ago , i was worried i would n't have anything to write about. now , i do n't even know where to begin. the first step was choosing a bible. i went with the version that i received for winning the religion award at rice memorial high school in south burlington , vermont. as i mentioned in the first installment of this series , i 'm a lifelong catholic who finally plans to read the
apple founder steve jobs ' widow laurene has told of her admiration for democratic white house front-runner hillary clinton. ms jobs , 51 , called former first lady hillary a ` revolutionary ' woman , and added that it 's not just because she 's a woman - but ` the type of woman she is '. speaking to time 100 , ms jobs said : ` hillary clinton is not familiar. she is revolutionary. not radical , but revolutionary : the distinction is crucial. she is one of america 's greatest modern creations. laurene jobs , pictured , widow of apple 's steve , has strongly backed hillary clinton for president. laurene jobs said that hillary clinton , right , has ` judgment and wisdom
allan donald has confirmed he is to step down as south africa bowling coach. the 48-year-old former test paceman has served his country as part of the coaching team since 2011. he said : ' i have had some time to reflect after the world cup and have come to the conclusion that the time is right to move on. allan donald has confirmed he is to step down as south africa bowling coach after four years in the role. ` it was always a big dream of mine to work in the south african cricket environment after my playing days , and i was incredibly honoured to be given the opportunity. ` the last four years have been the
sao paulo , brazil -lrb- cnn -rrb- hundreds of thousands of brazilians are taking to the streets in protests across the country , lashing out against president dilma rousseff as she struggles with an economic downturn and a massive bribery scandal. the demonstrators have called for the president to be impeached. on the other side rousseff 's base is holding rallies in her support. there are a number of issues at play. one of the biggest : an investigation into a multimillion-dollar kickback scheme at the state-run oil company petrobras. petrobras was long considered the corporate jewel in brazil 's crown
' a family tragedy ' : mahendra bavishi in khartoum. the joint director of the safe deposit company robbed in the # 60million hatton garden gem heist said yesterday that he believes it was an inside job. mahendra bavishi , who lives in sudan , said detectives have asked to put some ` sensitive ' questions to his british-based son who runs the business , including whether he suspects someone connected to the company or other firms in the same premises had links with criminal gangs. and he said the robbers almost certainly had some inside information because they appeared to know that several cctv cameras in the building where his
comedian jenny eclair travelled with her other half on a painting in venus break with flavours. there comes a time in a woman 's life when beach holidays just do n't cut it any longer , when lying on golden sands -lrb- unless you 're buried up to your neck -rrb- serves only to remind you how much weight you forgot to lose again this year and how ill-fitting your swimming costume is. being control freaks , most fifty-something females find ` doing nothing ' a bit boring -- after all , there are only so many hours one can spend on a kindle , and woman can not live by fiction alone. this is the time when
the founder of poundland who grew up with the family motto ` if you do n't work you do n't eat ' has revealed how he gave his parents # 25million when he sold the company -- but still relies on pocket money from his wife. steve smith , 52 , grew up helping his father run a stall at bilston market in the west midlands , and opened his first poundland shop in burton-upon-trent at the age of 18 in 1990. the venture was an overnight success and he became a self-made millionaire when he sold the company for a staggering # 50million 10 years
even by his stratospheric standards , this was something very special. cristiano ronaldo was back to his brilliant , unplayable best as he scored five goals in real madrid 's 9-1 rout of granada on sunday , among them an eight-minute hat-trick. that treble was ronaldo 's 31st career hat-trick and his 24th in la liga , equalling lionel messi 's record in the competition. it also took his formidable goal tally for the bernabeu club to 299 in 287 matches. against granada , ronaldo has now scored 11 times in just eight matches. but , compared with some , they have
a woman who ended up getting lost while running a marathon in raleigh , north carolina and ended up having to hitch a ride with the cops to get back on course , still won her race some nine minutes ahead of her closest competitor. heidi bretscher 's troubles began around mile 17 of the rock n ' roll raleigh marathon that took place earlier this month. the 28-year-old runner was so far ahead of the pack it was n't clear to her which way she was meant to go. wrong way : heidi bretscher , 28 , said she was
a photographer and mother-of-two has turned a collection of candid images of her energetic daughters and their friends into a powerful photography series that celebrates their strength and confidence , while highlighting what it means to be a girl today. kate t. parker , from atlanta , georgia , was inspired to create her aptly-titled series strong is the new pretty while pouring over photos she snapped of her daughters ella , nine , and alice , six , playing sports and enjoying their childhoods. ` the project became about capturing my girls and their friends as they truly are and how that is
a texas state trooper who did what millions of hip-hop fans would love to do and posed for a picture with snoop dogg was told he has '' deficiencies indicating need for counseling '. department of public safety trooper billy spears posed for the photograph with snoop at south by southwest in austin after the rap icon delivered his keynote speech. spears , who is based out of the state 's gilmer office , posed for the photo at the rapper 's request. scroll down for video. department of public safety trooper billy spears -lrb- left -rrb- was disciplined last week for
to hear leigh griffiths tell it , the intervention staged by celtic boss ronny deila and assistant john collins was definitely closer to a kick in the what-nots than it was a pat on the back. whatever the detail of the conversation , and however lasting the effects may be , the short-term impact on the 24-year-old force of nature -- often as unruly and unpredictable as a whirlwind -- has been nothing short of remarkable. as the kid himself puts it : ` being top scorer now means that , since i have had a talk with the manager , i
muslim engagement and development have reportedly claimed they can influence up to 30 seats at the general election. pictured sufyan ismail. a muslim group with links to extremists has claimed it can influence up to 30 seats at the election , it has been reported. muslim engagement and development -lrb- mend -rrb- was said to have boasted that they can act as ` kingmakers ' when the country goes to the polls. the group , which wants to let british muslims fight in syria without fear of prosecution , has bragged that it is in talks with both the conservatives and labour , according to
sam gallagher put an injury-hit season behind him by inspiring southampton to under-21 premier league cup glory , netting an exceptional goal which he hopes caught ronald koeman 's eye. last season surpassed all expectations for the teenage striker as he became a regular under mauricio pochettino , making 20 first-team appearances as back-up to rickie lambert. things have gone awry this season , though , with injury stunting the 19-year-old 's progress. sam gallagher scored the winner as southampton u21s beat blackburn rovers 2-1 on monday. ronald koeman was in the crowd and gallagher says he hopes he impressed him. gallagher has not even been named in the matchday squad since the arrival of
jenny wallenda , 87 , the matriarch of the famous family of high-flying circus performers , died late saturday at her home in sarasota , florida , according to family members. wallenda 's nephew , rick wallenda , said his aunt died following a lengthy illness. ` she had a great life in entertainment , a very rewarding and rich life , ' he said. wallenda was the oldest daughter of high wire walker karl wallenda and grandmother of daredevil performer nik wallenda. matriarch : in this january 1964 photo , jenny wallenda applies makeup in a dressing room prior to appearing at
this is the moment a young boy 's dream came true when he met his hero r2d2 at a star wars convention and the pair danced along the corridor together. the child 's infectious giggles can be heard after r2d2 followed him around star wars celebration convention in anaheim , california and the pair began spinning around each other in circles. clearly a fan , the boy was dressed in a star wars t-shirt and had merchandise fixed to his wheelchair to promote the new film , the force awakens. a young star wars fan giggled in delight when he was approached by his favourite character r2d2. the robot began turning in time with the boy and he can be
a magnitude 3.1 earthquake caused a sharp jolt to be felt across a well-populated area just north of los angeles. the us geological survey said in a preliminary report that the quake with a depth of about five miles happened just before 9pm last night , according to the associated press. it was centered about four miles north of san fernando near interstate 210. the epicentre of the quake was around four miles north of san fernando near interstate 210 , according to the us geological survey. the earthquake caused a ` sharp jolt ' to be felt in the san fernando valley -lrb- pictured -rrb- north of los angeles. the jolt was felt
a utah man confessed to stabbing his ex-wife to death on wednesday when he called 911 and turned himself in. spencer gerlach , 20 , told police that he and his ex-wife keltsie gerlach were having a dispute on wednesday afternoon that escalated into murder. the topic of their argument is not yet known. chief mike nelsen , brigham city police department told fox that when police arrived , keltsie was found dead in the living room with stab wounds. scroll down for video. confession : spencer gerlach , 20 , told police that he and his ex-wife keltsie gerlach were having
with summer around the corner , icy treats are back on the menu. but if there is one phase transition in which food can become frustrating -- by giving us brain freeze and by getting painfully stuck to our mouths -- then it is when it is frozen. as a fly -- perhaps the creature you would least expect to be in this position -- found out when it swooped in to have a lick of a frozen beef steak. the fly is initially featured looking rather pleased as it fastens its tongue onto the beef steak and has a taste. like the infamous
top marks for saskia , the girlfriend of an arsenal fan who aced a written exam on all things gunners to save their relationship and whose mostly correct responses have gone viral. saskia , 17 , whose username is @saskiaisabxlla , posted excerpts of the exam on monday with the message ` boyfriend made me take an @arsenal exam. ' for saskia -lrb- surname withheld -rrb- , the stakes were high before she scored 43.5 out of a possible 50 points , or 87 per cent. by the grading system of her boyfriend , who did n't want to be identified , that constitutes an a.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- arsenal kept their slim hopes of winning this season 's english premier league title alive by beating relegation threatened burnley 1-0 at turf moor. a first half goal from welsh international aaron ramsey was enough to separate the two sides and secure arsenal 's hold on second place. more importantly it took the north london club to within four points of first placed chelsea , with the two clubs to play next week. but chelsea have two games in hand and play lowly queens park rangers on sunday , a team who are themselves struggling against relegation. good form. arsenal have been in superb form since the start of the year , transforming what looked to be another mediocre season struggling to secure fourth place -- and with it champions league qualification -- into one where they at least have a shot at winning
dogs can sniff out prostate cancer with 98 per cent reliability , a new study has shown. the research , carried out in milan , backs up tests carried out by the charity medical detection dogs. its co-founder dr claire guest said the charity 's research found a 93 per cent reliability rate when detecting both prostate and bladder cancer. she hailed the new study , describing the findings as ` spectacular '. dogs have been found to detect prostate cancer with 98 per cent accuracy when sniffing men 's urine samples. the latest research , by the department of urology at the humanitas clinical and research centre in milan , involved two dogs sniffing
it 's time to find out who really has the best taste as the block 's four apartments are now on the market with the auctions pencilled in for april 28. before then the apartments will be open to the public on april 11-12 , with thousands of people expected to turn up for a look. teams will be hoping to do better than the block glasshouse duos , including darren and dea who pocketed just $ 10,000 for months of hard work and time away from their family. scroll down for video. when it goes under the hammer next month ayden and jess hope that their efforts will
whistleblower julian asssange has added insult to injury for sony pictures after his website wikileaks put hundreds of thousands of emails and documents from last year 's cyberattack into a searchable online archive. the calculated move by assange to expose thousands of indiscreet and personal correspondences will likely spell fresh embarrassment for the embattled company so soon after they hoped the dust had settled on the matter. assange and wikileaks issued a statement on thursday saying that the data has a public interest , but the majority of the correspondences run from the mundane to the deeply personal. they expose not just the unguarded opinions of sony executives , but also reveal health concerns about their children and sadness over dying parents. scroll down for video. adding insult to injury : wikileaks founder julian assange -lrb-
just ten games. that is all tim sherwood has needed to bring aston villa out from the morgue and into life. rigor mortis was setting in when he took over the club , but now the muscles are being flexed. an fa cup final awaits. there have been mistakes , notably in defeats to stoke city and swansea , but five glorious wins and a brand of football to excite and embolden far outweighs them. having been appointed on valentine 's day , villa fans have fallen in love after only nine weeks. here , sportsmail looks at five reasons for sherwood 's success. tim sherwood has
a picture , believed to be the only image of the civil war ironclad , the css georgia has been revealed to be a fake created in a teenage hoax using a 2ft model. john potter , from savannah , has admitted forging the picture with his brother in the 1980s and placing it in a frame which now holds a picture of his dead dog. he then passed on the image on to the georgia historical society and the photo became an unofficial part of the ship 's history even though it was never authenticated. scroll down for video. john potter -lrb- pictured -rrb- ,
what was supposed to be a gentle splash around in the shallows suddenly turned into a much scarier prospect when holiday-makers came face to face with a shark in new zealand on saturday. papamoa beach , a popular bay of plenty destination , was an idyllic haven for swimmers until a shark came into the shore , swimming around in only a few feet of water. onlookers initially got out of the sea sharpish , but soon returned to take photographs and videos of the 2.5 metre bronze whaler as it eventually swam away. scroll down for video. once the the 2.5 metre bronze whaler appeared soon everyone was on the beach. onlookers soon had their mobile phones out to take videos
authorities in virginia are searching for the cell phone of a missing young woman 40 miles from where she was last seen. norfolk police continued to look for anjelica ` aj ' hadsell , 18 , who has been missing since march 2 , and focused on a pond near carrsville after a new tip. local resident steve hines said that divers were searching the outer edges of the pond for the longwood university freshman 's phone , which sent strange text messages to her mother shortly after her disappearance. scroll down for video. police are searching a pond near carrsville , virginia , in an attempt to find the cell phone of anjelica ` aj ' hadsell , a longwood university freshman who was last seen on march 2. aj hadsell -lrb- left -rrb- was last seen
adam federici lay inert on the turf for a moment. he realised the magnitude of what happened. he understood the horror of it instantly. he let his head rest on the grass and closed his eyes as if he was trying to wish it all away , as if he was trying to blot out the din and the agony and the wild celebrations of the arsenal fans. his face was scrunched against the grass , distorted in a mask of despair. reading , still struggling to avoid relegation to league one , had performed heroically to push arsenal into extra-time in this fa cup semi-final and federici had pulled off a series of stunning saves to keep the sides level at 1-1 but the australian goalkeeper guessed
-lrb- cnn -rrb- in july of 2013 , the oldest of jesus relics stories rose again when turkish archaeologists discovered a stone chest in a 1,350-year-old church that appeared to contain a piece of jesus ' cross. `` we have found a holy thing in a chest. it is a piece of a cross , '' said excavation team leader gülgün köroğlu , an art historian and archaeologist. at the time , she thought the chest served as a symbolic coffin for a holy person 's relics -- ones connected to jesus ' crucifixion. and then , silence. the latest relic of the cross on
-lrb- cnn -rrb- two of the best actresses on television are back on `` the big bang theory '' -- one of our six suggested things to watch this week. 1. `` the big bang theory , '' thursday 8 p.m. et , cbs. sheldon and leonard 's moms are back , and that ought to make for one of the best episodes this season. tv 's top comedy will see the return of christine baranski and laurie metcalf as the mothers of leonard and sheldon , respectively. seeing as they 're two of the most talented actresses on television , we should be in for a
a trend we are just starting to get our heads around is the wide leg trouser. be it denim , cropped , printed or striped , the wide leg trouser is at the forefront of ss15 trends. there 's something effortless about a wide leg trouser that really appeals. and if like us you are growing tired of the skinny jean and want to try out a new look this could be your answer. louise redknapp says that a wide-leg trouser can come as a welcome relief from the skinny jean. skinny jeans have held court for quite a few years now and while they will never go out of style the wide leg will give
all day long. by joanna biggs. -lrb- serpent 's tail # 14.99 -rrb-. famously and memorably , the poet philip larkin asked : ` why should i let the toad work / squat on my life ? ' he longed to be ' ... courageous enough / to shout stuff your pension ! - but knew he never would. coffee morning : britain at work. the tyranny of the nine-to-five is about money -lrb- of course -rrb- , but also about moral worth : we work because we know we should ` pull our weight ' in society 's tug-of-war. on any morning , in any town or city all over the world , people stream into their places of work , some driven by a sense
director of the british museum neil macgregor has announced he is stepping down from the job at the end of the year. mr macgregor , 68 , who has been at the helm of the museum since 2002 , said it was ' a difficult thing ' to decide to leave. he previously ran the national gallery and has also worked as a broadcaster - most notably on his radio 4 series a history of the world in 100 objects which was inspired by the museum 's collection. neil macgregor , 68 , pictured at the british museum , which he has lead since 2002 , said it
an eight-year-old boy from layton , utah , ran 33 miles just weeks before undergoing his fourth round of surgery on a malignant brain tumor. lotatoa ` lota ' ward just loves to run. even before he was first diagnosed with a rare form of brain tumor - known as a mature teratoma - back in october 2014 , the young man was already running half marathons for charity , even raising $ 1,700 in september for two of his friends who suffer from spinal muscular atrophy. though his diagnosis meant more time in the hospital , often in order to undergo some kind of surgical procedure , the tumor
journalist and author of the best-selling book i quit sugar has opened up about her own personal battle with mental illness , revealing she came close to taking her own life. during a candid interview sarah wilson , 41 , explained how anxiety drove her to believe she had reached a stage in her life where she ` could n't see the point of continuing. ' ` my anxiety brought me to a point where i could n't quite see the existential point of continuing , ' she told women 's weekly australia. ' i could n't see a way out. ' scroll down for video. sarah wilson opened up in a candid interview about how her battle with mental illness drove her to believe her life
portland timbers defender liam ridgewell writes his second column for sportsmail with the 2015 major league soccer season well under way in the united states. here , the 30-year-old from bexleyheath discusses his family 's visits to portland , coming up against orlando city 's brazilian star kaka and the upcoming clash against fierce rivals seattle sounders on monday morning at 2:30 am uk time. fifty hours. that was how long a group of our fans camped outside providence park before the game against fc dallas. they already had tickets , but just wanted to be first into the stadium. sounds crazy right ?
a two-year-old girl who was born with abnormal facial development is now smiling , laughing and dancing again six months after a major surgery , aided by 3d printing , helped reshape her face. violet pietrok , who lives in portland , oregon , was born with frontonasal dysplasia , a malformation of the face and head that is developed in the womb. it is so rare only 100 cases have been reported. the condition caused a widening of violet 's facial features , specifically with her nose , which had no cartilage , and the space between her eyes. she also had a large central cleft
an artist has carved out a unique genre for herself with her colourful portraits of celebrity bottoms. spanish artist catalina viejo , 31 , who is based in new york , paints miniature pictures from candid paparazzi shots rather than using glossy magazine images , and has worked her magic on stars including kim kardashian , katy perry , miley cyrus , rihanna and beyoncé. in total she has completed 42 tiny pictures , which are the size of a postage stamp and do n't feature any faces , and cost around $ 90 -lrb- # 60 -rrb-. scroll down for video. artist catalina viejo paints miniature pictures of famous bottoms , including kim kardashian 's , from candid paparazzi shots. amber
vaccine critic : robert f kennedy jr spoke at a documentary screening in sacramento , california on tuesday. the son of the late attorney general robert kennedy is a vaccine critic and is currently trying to stop a bill in the state that would make childhood immunizations mandatory. robert f kennedy jr sparked controversy tuesday when he compared childhood vaccinations to a holocaust. at a screening of the documentary trace amounts , the nephew of president john f kennedy spoke out against a proposed bill in california which would make childhood immunizations mandatory - no matter what their parent 's personal beliefs on the vaccines. the documentary purports that there is a connection between thimerosal - a chemical found in several childhood vaccines - and
a 17-year old who spontaneously decided to run off for four days survived during his disappearance by eating from the fruit trees at his high school. connor sullivan , of cupertino , california , attended his first period class at monta vista high school on monday morning before disappearing for roughly 80 hours. after the junior returned home on his own thursday night , police who had been searching for him learned that the teenager had never left the bay area town and was using the water fountains and porta potty on campus. though search parties took off from the school , they could not find sullivan , who said after his return that he slept under the bleachers every night
planners in windsor have allowed two costa cafes less than 500 yards apart -lrb- file picture -rrb-. coffee addicts in windsor wo n't have to go far for a fix -- after planners in the royal borough allowed two costa shops less than 500 yards apart. and anyone really desperate can always stop off at the costa express in between. the latest costa will open on the site of the former dedworth road hsbc branch , the last bank in
the stars of martin scorsese 's classic 1990 gangster film goodfellas reunited in new york on saturday night for a very special 25th anniversary screening of the movie which brought the 14th annual tribeca film festival to a close. stars ray liotta , robert de niro , lorraine bracco and paul sorvino were all in attendance although director scorsese was filming in taiwan and joe pesci , who won an oscar for best supporting actor in 1991 for his turn as tommy devito , did n't show. ` joe pesci could n't be here , but he sent this email : ` f *** , f *** , f *** , f *** ity f *** , f *** ' read de niro , introducing the screening at the beacon theatre. ` i 'll translate : `` dear bob , sorry i ca n't be there. love to all. best , joe. '
amazon founder jeff bezos was pictured enjoying a roman holiday this week as he took a stroll around a tourist market in the italian capital. bezos , who is worth $ 34.7 billion from his online marketplace , blended in with the throngs of tourists at the campo de ' fiori on tuesday , happily snapping pictures of the stalls with his amazon phone and a camera. the internet mogul was accompanied by family members and a discreet security guard as he took in the bustling market at the heart of the eternal city. exploring the marketplace : billionaire jeff bezos takes in the ` campo de ' fiori ' in rome on tuesday as he
a young mother has spoken of her fear that she could die at any moment due to a rare heart condition that should have killed her at the age of three. betheny coyne , from wigan , lancashire , was diagnosed with a rare heart defect before she was born - and was never expected to reach her fourth birthday. but she defied medical predictions and now , aged 24 , she is mother to three healthy children. this is despite being warned that each pregnancy could have placed so much extra strain on her heart that she would die. fearing her heart is like a ` ticking time bomb ' , she is determined to make as many memories as possible with her family , and will be getting married in february next year. betheny
a 19-year-old model in california has taken to bathing in pig 's blood in a desperate -- and bizarre -- attempt to maintain her youthful appearance -- despite the fact that she is a vegetarian. in the latest episode of mtv 's true life , entitled ` i 'm obsessed with staying young ' , freelance model chanel details her unique skincare method , which she tries to justify by claiming that ` thousands of years ago people did this and it worked '. ` my greatest fear is getting old and developing wrinkles and extra loose skin , ' chanel says. ` so to prevent that from happening i must do
cad : poet rupert brooke had a string of short-lived relationships with various women before he died aged 27 in april 1915. poet rupert brooke has long had a reputation as a ` young apollo ' , a symbol of innocent youth who was cut down in his prime during the senseless slaughter of the first world war. but a new haul of previously unseen letters show that he was in fact a slightly caddish womaniser who had a string of affairs without ever settling down. the documents , brought to light for the first time thanks to a # 430,000 grant , show brooke 's lovers complaining about his refusal to take their relationships seriously. the letters are part of the john schroder collection
shocking police dashcam footage has emerged showing an arizona cop speeding down a road , mounting a sidewalk and smashing into an alleged armed robber in a supposed bid to capture him. in the two videos , mario valencia is captured walking along a street in marana , northwest of tucson , carrying what appears to be a rifle. he points the loaded weapon into the air and a shot rings out. a police officer in one of the patrol cars says : ` one round just went out. he 's definitely loaded. ' he then tells his colleague , officer michael rapiejko , in the other
the family of the seven-year-old british boy killed in the french alps say his death has left a ` vast void in their hearts '. carwyn scott-howell was described as a ` daring , outgoing and determined ' youngster whose ` handsome smile lit up any room '. the schoolboy was skiing with his family when he became separated from his mother and headed into dense woodland where he fell over a 164ft drop. tragedy : carwyn scott-howell -lrb- left ; right -rrb- fell to his death while on holiday with his mother ceri , nine-year-old sister antonia and brother gerwyn , 19 , in the alps. footprints
atletico madrid and real madrid may have played out a goalless draw at the vicente calderon on tuesday night , but there was still plenty to talk about after the champions league first leg. here sportsmail looks at the five things we learned after the two bitter rivals clashed again in europe. real madrid must be careful with a talent like raphael varane. something has to give at real madrid. carlo ancelotti 's favoured centre-back partnership is sergio ramos and pepe , but in raphael varane , who turns 22 later this month , they have a diamond. pepe 's injury trouble
while it emerged this week that an airport baggage handler in seattle fell asleep on the job and wound up flying in cargo - on the other side of the country it appears there 's no slacking to be had. nbc journalist jeff rossen filmed an airport worker at laguardia airport in new york doing push-ups on the runway after loading a plane. footage shows the employee wearing his high-visibility jacket and gloves while performing the aerobic stunt. even after his 12th push-up , the fitness-enthusiast shows no sign of slowing down. scroll down for video. breaking sweat : nbc journalist jeff rossen filmed an airport worker at laguardia
surgeons have removed kidneys that each weighed as much as a newborn baby from an indian man with a genetic disorder. the giant internal organ reportedly weighed a colossal 6lbs -lrb- 2.7 kg -rrb- - and was 20 times bigger thanit should have been. it was was extracted from a 45-year-old suffering from autosomal dominant polycystic kidney disease -lrb- adpkd -rrb-. this condition causes fluid-filled cysts to grow in the kidneys , so they expand in size. surgeons have removed the kidneys , which weighed as much as a newborn baby , from a 45-year-old man with a genetic disease. scan shows the kidneys , which had grown to 20 times their normal size. incredibly , a week after
welsh international elliot kear is back in rugby league after signing for championship club london broncos. the 26-year-old winger or full-back has spent most of the year playing rugby union for london welsh after leaving bradford at the end of last season. ` i 'm really pleased to sign the contract and come back to rugby league , ' said kear. ` i 'm just really excited to get back on the field. elliot kear will return to rugby league 's championship with london broncos after a season with welsh. the wales rugby league international switches back to the code after london welsh were relegated. ' i know a
a 7ft 8in tall man so embarrassed by his height he hid at home for ` half his life ' has found love with a woman three feet smaller than him. joelison fernandes da silva , 28 , developed gigantism as a child and his rapidly soaring height forced him to drop out of school due to bullying and then refuse to leave the family house for years. but true happiness eventually found the shy brazilian - who has come to be known as ` the gentle giant ' - in the form of evem medeiros , a 5ft 21-year-old woman he met online. scroll down for video. half his size : joelison fernandes da silva ,
an oregon couple announced they are expecting a child in a rap video they made set to the theme from '90s television sitcom ` the fresh prince of bel-air. ' the clip , which features jesse and melissa meek rapping as they drive in a car , has been viewed over 1.7 million times on youtube. ` in happy valley , oregon , livin ' it wed , bought our first house and started to build our homestead , ' melissa says in the clip. parents : jesse and melissa meek announced they are expecting a child in a video set to the theme song from '90s television sitcom ` the fresh prince of bel-air ' the original song for the popular nbc sitcom , sung by star will smith , details how his character grew up in west philadelphia ,
holidaying with the lair of a tiger as your closest neighbour might not sound like the cleverest idea in the world but it is certainly a once-in-a-lifetime experience that wo n't be forgotten. for # 3,500 , tourists are being invited to book a trip to russia and sleep in the natural habitat of the siberian tiger , one of the world 's most endangered animals. bespoke tour operators natural world safaris is offering the rare trip which also gives guests a unique opportunity to view the big cat. a safari stay in russia offers tourists the chance to spot , and sleep near , one
a city 's communications boss has been fired after she allegedly stopped a tourism photo shoot with a black and an asian model and told the photographer they were ` not the image i want for the city '. rosemary taylor , communications director of the city of brookhaven in georgia , made the ` racist ' remark to hired photographer nelson jones at the local cherry blossom festival two weeks ago. after witnessing mr jones capture a test shot of models dominique jackson , 18 , and 19-year-old khamlee vongvone at the event , she apparently went over to him and referenced the two girls. she reportedly told him : ` this is not
david cameron yesterday made a last-ditch plea for ukip supporters to ` come home ' to the conservatives. in a direct appeal to voters who have shifted allegiance to nigel farage 's party , the prime minister vowed to ` do more ' to respond to concerns about immigration. with the election on a knife-edge , he warned that it is ` not the time to send a message or make a protest '. doing so could put the economic recovery at risk by allowing labour back into power , said the tory leader. david cameron tonight issued an impassioned plea for
police are hunting a thief who stole an 86-year old woman 's handbag while she prayed at church on good friday. the man posed as a member of the congregation of st james ' church in the gorton area of manchester to carry out the crime. as well as taking one bag , he tried to steal the contents of two other elderly women 's bags before fleeing. police have released an e-fit and cctv footage after a thief stole a pensioner 's handbag from a church. the thief sat down in a pew next to the 86-year-old for the good friday service earlier this month. after grabbing
for those who have ever applied for a job and not heard anything back , this could be the reason why. it turns out , falling at the first hurdle and not even being inviting to interview can be down to your cv , new research has revealed. conducted by research firm yougov for higher education school , gsm london , 600 employees and senior executives were surveyed to find out their biggest resume peeves. a survey of 600 employers and senior executives has revealed that the biggest cv blunder is spelling or grammar mistakes. it has been revealed that the worst cv blunder is a
fancy bonding with a brazilian , romancing a roman , puckering up to a parisian or seducing a swede ? a dating website is offering one lucky person the chance to scour the world for love , all without paying a penny. match.com is seeking an outgoing , media-savvy person with a passion for travelling and meeting new people to hop around the globe and go on dates with locals. scroll down for video. the chosen candidate will be able to discover all that the dating scene in each city has to offer. to coincide with the dating site 's 20th anniversary , applications seeking a ` date explorer ' to help it revolutionise the british dating scene. the lucky singleton will be given a round-the-world ticket with stops at five different destinations : new york ,
the owners of two dogs that got loose and mauled a jogger to death in michigan pleaded no contest on friday to a reduced charge. sebastiano quagliata and his wife , valbona lucaj , pleaded no contest to owning a dangerous dog causing death in the fatal mauling last summer of craig sytsma of livonia , the flint journal reported. ` i 'm so sorry , ' lucaj told sytsma 's family. sytsma , 46 , was attacked by two cane corsos last july in metamora township , 45 miles northwest of detroit. sebastiano quagliata -lrb- pictured -rrb- and his wife , valbona lucaj , pleaded no contest to owning a dangerous dog causing death in the fatal mauling of craig sytsma
a single bikini-clad woman silhouetted against a spectacular sunset , a tiny figure facing a swirl of stars , a hot spring whose improbably lurid hues seem like something from another planet - these stunning images combine colour and light to capture the wonders of the natural world. last year hawaiian-born photographer dustin wong , 31 , abandoned his job as an engineer to travel the world with only his camera for company. inspired by ancient hawaiian beliefs in the sacredness of the landscape , dustin wong , 31 , has journeyed from the arctic circle to australia , capturing moments where men and women are
sportsmen will go to extreme lengths to mend their battered bodies ahead of the next challenge , and that includes inserting multiple needles into their necks. english golfer ian poulter is an acupuncture convert who often uses the painful-looking alternative medicine technique to recover from the various strains that come with the sport. the 39-year-old posted an instagram picture of back of his head with eight needles stuck in his neck , accompanied by the caption : ' i feel like a pin cushion '. ian poulter shared an instagram picture of what looked like a painful acupuncture session. the english golfer has used the alternative medicine
three 's company : rebecca and husband harry settle in at anantara the palm jumeirah. my husband harry and i knew this was going to be a landmark holiday - the last one on our own for a long time. our baby girl is due on june 4 and , when we touched down in dubai , i was 28 weeks pregnant. you ca n't fly after that without a doctor 's note. we had left it until the last minute and , by the time we arrived , both of us were ready to relax. i 'd been to dubai once before as a swimmer ,
commonplace they may be , but there 's nothing ordinary about camellias. polished evergreen foliage provides a great contrast with brightly coloured flowers and brings life to dull winter gardens. and when the flowers open their ' alabaster petals ' -- as the novelist balzac put it -- camellias are positively regal. they are easy to grow , but picky about soil. if yours is acid , free-draining and nutritious , they 'll thrive , but they mope in alkaline or neutral ground. so , if your soil does n't suit , plant in containers in ericaceous compost. the polished evergreen foliage of camellias makes for
stephen akers-belcher said he needed time off for compassionate reasons - but was pictured the same day aboard hms warrior. a mayor has been sacked from his job at the council after he was given paid leave to attend a funeral - but visited a warship instead. stephen akers-belcher said he needed time off for compassionate reasons - but was pictured the same day aboard hms warrior. photos emerged of him representing the council at an event on the famous battle ship , 323 miles from his patch. following a disciplinary hearing the mayor of hartlepool was dismissed from his care manager role with newcastle city council for gross misconduct. akers-belcher claims he has
everyone loves a bargain , even in the mega-rich territory of the barclays premier league. where else to look for a steal than in the bargain basement ? that is where clubs at the top level can look down at the championship and below to take their pick of the players trying to impress. yet it can be a case of hit and miss. here , sportsmail looks at examples of players who have represented the lower leagues well in the premier league , and others who can do so too. aaron cresswell -lrb- ipswich town to west ham in july 2014 -- # 2million -rrb-. the full-back is one of
sweet life : the duchess of cornwall. the duchess of cornwall has created a buzz with the launch of her own honey , produced in late spring by the bees in her wiltshire garden. just 250 jars are being produced , at # 20 each , with all proceeds going to charity. but camilla 's venture reflects a rocketing demand for gourmet honey. sales of high-end versions are up by 45 per cent at selfridges since last year. does luxury honey really taste different enough from ordinary varieties to justify its price tag , though ? and how does camilla 's honey fare against some of its exclusive rivals -- including her husband 's duchy brand ? we
forget fancy sheets and down-filled duvets , the perfect pillow is the key to a good night 's sleep. on average , we rest our weary heads on our pillows for more than 2,500 hours -- or the equivalent of more than 100 days and nights -- per year , so it 's certainly worth getting the right one. and while once our choice was limited to feather or fibre , the shops are now stuffed with everything from water pillows to scented pillows , and even one which is wired for sound. but which is a pain in the neck and which is a dream come true ? super cool. buckwheat hull pillow
train conductor graham palmer is the first to admit his poetic works are n't shakespeare , but when they 're delivered over the tannoy his passengers certainly do n't seem to mind. palmer , 52 , has been giving safety announcements and other messages in verse since last year when northern rail encouraged their guards to give their addresses a festive flavour. the rhymes were a hit with travellers and have been going strong since , and he even customises the self-penned couplets according to the stations his carriages are passing through. train conductor graham palmer delivers safety announcements over the tanny in
a full-scale terror alert was sparked this week after a dummy wearing a balaclava was spotted on a boat sailing down the thames with a fake missile launcher on its roof. thames valley police called an army bomb disposal team after a startled passer-by reported the 4ft long guided missile in a rocket launcher on top of the barge in reading. perched next to the fake warhead were the head and shoulders of a convincing-looking man , his eyes staring grimly from holes cut in a balaclava shrouding his face. panic : a terror alert was sparked on the thames this week after someone reported seeing a missile on top of a barge in
some of us do n't like to hit the bar before midday , but when your drink is poured by a robot bartender you make an exception - even when mine jerks suddenly and i fear a malfunction. but , hang on a minute , it 's simply giving my margarita a good shake. pouring drinks is only one of these bartenders ' tricks. in the evening , they dance to music. scroll down for video. new attraction : the enormous anthem of the seas is set to welcome more than 80,000 people on board this summer. making waves : an instructor demonstrates the flowrider
aden , yemen -lrb- cnn -rrb- the streets were empty but not quiet. shelling began to boom through the yemeni city of aden on thursday afternoon as we hurried back to board the boat that had brought us here from djibouti. aden is a city gripped by fear , desperation and want. people line up for bread , they line up for cooking fuel , and the electricity only works a few hours a day. and from late afternoon onward , most people stay indoors. that is the time of the shelling , the daily aerial bombardment. how we got to yemen : 30 dangerous hours in a boat. saudi arabia began airstrikes on houthi rebels in yemen three weeks ago thursday. but aden remains a
if relations between cuba and america have recently thawed , then there may well be a new battle between the two countries on the horizon. cuban bikini babe kathy ferreiro , 21 , is vying to steal kim kardashian 's crown for having the curviest booty in america. the miami-based latina , who has already been dubbed the ` cuban kim kardashian ' by the city 's fashion crowd , is well known for strutting her stuff on the region 's balmy beaches. scroll down for video. cuban beauty kathy ferreiro has proved a hit on social media with fans loving photos of her
-lrb- cnn -rrb- i remember traveling one day in the local train in mumbai with my mother , my younger sister and brother. the compartment was extremely crowded. as we prepared to disembark , i felt my skirt being lifted and someone groping my private parts. it was terrible. i wanted to scream , but my voice would have drowned in the noise of the crowd. i wanted to push the hands away , but my arms were pinned to my body. i wanted to cry but could only think to myself , `` stop it ! please stop touching me. '' i was 13 years old. i never told anyone about that day until recently. twenty-five years later , i
-lrb- cnn -rrb- espn suspended reporter britt mchenry for a week after a video of her berating a towing company employee surfaced thursday. the sports network announced her suspension on twitter. mchenry posted an apology on twitter , saying she allowed her emotions to get away from her during a stressful situation at a virginia business. `` i ... said some insulting and regrettable things. '' `` as frustrated as i was , i should always choose to be respectful and take the high road. i am so sorry for my actions and will learn from this mistake , '' she wrote. on the roughly one-minute long video that was captured
incredible footage of a sydney train station flooding during the storm of a decade on wednesday has been captured on cctv. a time lapse video , filmed from the platform over a 45 minute period at 11am , shows the water creeping along the tracks at bardwell park in sydney 's south forcing the partial closure of the t2 airport line. at one point a worker in a high-vis jacket appears to look at the rising water to take a photo. the murky flood water eventually submerges the train line and begins moving like a river past the platform. sydney 's two-day total rainfall totalled about 225mm by 9am
a pair of foxes viciously fight to the death in a battle to claim a lone vixen. the savage animals tumbled down a snowy iceland mountainside and crashed onto the rocky beach below during the vicious struggle. wildlife photographer einar gudmann caught the violent encounter on camera. he had been sleeping in his warm shelter when he was suddenly woken by howling. a pair of arctic foxes viciously fight to the death on the snow in a battle to claim a lone vixen. the amazing scene was captured on camera by wildlife photographer einar gudmann , who was woken up by howling. the two foxes fought each other in bitter sub-zero temperatures
a young woman on reddit has shared a set of inspiring before and after images , which showcase how an exercise plan she began 20 months ago in an effort to lessen her depression has not only helped her mentally -- but has also ensured a dramatic physical transformation. aliesha peterson , 22 , detailed the extensive fitness routine that helped her go from 145lbs to 127lbs -- and enabled the alberta , canada , resident to gain a noticeably fitter , and much more muscular , physique , as well as an impressive six-pack. ' i can honestly say i am sooo thankful i started taking better care of
tottenham will take on the very best players from major league soccer when they compete in the 2015 at&t mls all stars game as part of the pre-season preparations in the summer. the annual showpiece will take place at dick 's sporting goods park , the home of the colorado rapids , on july 29 in what is the 20th edition of the all star match. what started off as a clash between the eastern and western conferences in the united states is now contested by an overseas club. recent participants include bayern munich , manchester united and chelsea. colorado rapids ' dick 's sporting goods park hosted the mls all-star
it 's one of the most striking style transformations in british politics. snp leader nicola sturgeon has left her boxy jackets and severe suits in the past - and she proved her new style credentials with a stunning appearance yesterday morning. the 44-year-old looked particularly glamorous on her way to bbc 's andrew marr show in a fuchsia column dress that flattered her slimmed-down physique. scroll down for video. snp leader nicola sturgeon has left her boxy jackets -lrb- in 2012 , left -rrb- and severe suits in the past - and she proved her new style credentials with a stunning appearance yesterday morning -lrb- right -rrb-. miss sturgeon -lrb- pictured last year , right , and in 2009 , left -rrb- is rumoured to have hired a personal shopper and employed
-lrb- cnn -rrb- there was a larger message in the article about a purported gang rape that rolling stone retracted on sunday night -- a part of the story that was never disputed : the university of virginia is under continuing investigation over how it handles sexual assault on campus. the school has never expelled a single student for sexual assault -- even when the student admitted to it. the virginia attorney general asked the law firm of o'melveny & myers to take a look at how the university historically handled allegations of sexual assault by its students. that includes how uva officials handled the allegations in the discredited rolling stone article by a student the magazine called `` jackie
-lrb- cnn -rrb- last week , california gov. jerry brown ordered mandatory statewide restrictions on water use for the first time in the state 's history. his action was driven by a specific crisis unique to california at the moment -- the severe drought now in its fourth year there -- but it has significance for the whole nation. as it has in the past , california is leading the way in recognizing that population and economic growth has to respect the physical limits imposed by planet earth. california developed the infrastructure and system of legal rights it uses to distribute water at a
a week after 10 doctors urged columbia university to sever all ties with him , dr. oz has used his syndicated tv show to hit back and claim that the criticism is part of a conspiracy because of his views on genetically modified foods. the celebrity doctor did n't pull any punches in thursday 's episode of the dr. oz show which was called the truth about his critics. ` the 10 doctors who attacked me got what they wanted -- sensational headlines and sound bites , ' said oz. scroll down for video. the celebrity doctor used thursday 's episode of the dr. oz show to hit back and
singer-songwriter don mclean 's original manuscript and notes to ` american pie ' have been sold at auction for $ 1.2 million. mclean offered the wistful anthem that asks ` do you recall what was revealed the day the music died ? ' at christie 's on tuesday. the name of the buyer was not released. the 16 pages include the original working manuscript and typed drafts of the song , including tantalizing new details about the famous anthem. in an interview published by christie 's auction house new york , where the manuscript was auctioned , mclean says american pie is about ` heading in the wrong direction '. scroll down for video. original song : christie 's curator tom lecky holds the 16-page notes
one man has curated a spooky collection of nine old dolls , which which he claims each have their own personalities. ian rogers , 36 , became hooked on all things paranormal as a child and took part in his first ghost hunt in the year 2000. since then he has spent hundreds of pounds on the creepy collection ... and he 's on the hunt for more to add. scroll down for video. ian rogers owns nine haunted dolls all of which he says contain their own personality. ian 's favourite doll is annabel , who he thinks is haunted by a seven-year-old girl who drowned. ian , who is single , and a vehicle image inspector , from leicester , says
-lrb- cnn -rrb- hey , look what i did. that small boast on social media can trigger a whirlwind that spins into real-life grief , as a texas veterinarian found out after shooting a cat. dr. kristen lindsey allegedly shot an arrow into the back of an orange tabby 's head and posted a proud photo this week on facebook of herself smiling , as she dangled its limp body by the arrow 's shaft. lindsey added a comment , cnn affiliate kbtx reported. `` my first bow kill , lol. the only good feral tomcat is one with an arrow through it 's head ! vet of the year award ... gladly accepted. '' callers rang the phones hot at washington county 's animal clinic , where
mike tindall would n't have moved any quicker had he been surging towards the posts in a six nations clash at twickenham. in aintree 's crowded unsaddling area , the former england captain was making a beeline to the place marked with a big number ' 3 ' , with his wife , zara phillips , scampering in hot pursuit. not even a hug from ap mccoy could check his momentum. no wonder. tindall was beaming from ear-to-ear having just seen monbeg dude , the horse whom he owns with james simpson-daniel and nicky robinson , run his heart out and wanted to be in place for when the old warrior
this is the moment a middle-aged woman ran over and killed her husband in china after he climbed out of their car and she accidentally reversed over him. driver mei ru , 50 , and her husband song ming , 53 , were going shopping when she parked the car outside the local supermarket in the city of fuzhou , in fujian province , south east china. cctv from the scene shows mr ming climbing out of the passenger door and going to stand behind the car when his wife suddenly reverses , knocking him down before backing up over his body. mei ru , 50 , was going shopping in the chinese city of fuzhou , in the south eastern province of fujian
this is the dramatic moment two typhoons came into land above an astonished father and son. the video captured by william bird while out with his seven-year-old stepson alex shows the # 126million jets approaching raf lossiemouth in moray , scotland. the first of the aircraft - which can reach 1,370 mph - blasted them with the thrust from its engines , while as the second jet disappeared from view the video camera was knocked sideways. scroll down for video. incoming : the video shows two of the # 126million jets approaching raf lossiemouth in moray , scotland. overhead : as the second jet disappeared from view in the clip , the video camera was knocked sideways. the video was taken on the same day that typhoons were deployed by the
spain 's king felipe and queen letizia put on a united front today , as they stepped out for the first time since explosive new claims about the 47-year-old monarch 's father emerged. according to a new book by a former royal correspondent , the former king juan carlos ii had a long-running affair with a german socialite during the final decade of his reign. but if felipe and letizia were upset about the revelations , they certainly were n't showing it as they arrived at the university of alcala de henares to present the cervantes prize for literature. scroll down for video. claims : king felipe
vitamin and mineral supplements are becoming more and more popular as health conscious shoppers focus on good nutrition , but do we really need pills to optimise our diet ? not according to nutritionist and author sarah flower , who says that cooking with the right ingredients should give you all the goodness you need. ` the cleaner your diet - using fresh ingredients and cooking at home - the less likely you are to need to rely on supplements to boost your health. ' she told mailonline. scroll down for video. it 's time to ditch vitamin pills for a diet rich in clean , fresh and unprocessed foods
robert de niro has said hillary clinton should be president , insisting she has ` earned the right ' to be elected. the hollywood legend , 71 , who has been a long-time supporter of the democratic party , said if the former secretary of state is voted into the white house there will be ` no surprises '. in an interview with the daily beast , the goodfellas star said she had paid her dues , adding : ` it 's that simple. and she 's a woman , which is very important because her take on things may be what we need right now. ' robert de niro , 71 , -lrb- pictured with hillary clinton at a new york benefit in 2013 -rrb- , said if the former secretary of state is voted into the
the polish father , who may be suffering from amnesia , does not know how he came to lose his memory or be in the uk , and can not even recall his own name. a polish father has wandered into the london embassy with no memory of who he is except that he has a daughter. the mystery man , who may be suffering from amnesia , does not know how he came to lose his memory or be in the uk , and can not even recall his own name. all that he could remember was that he was from the poznan area of poland and has a daughter called lenka. he may or
the president of the european central bank was left cowering behind his bodyguard after being sprinkled with confetti by a female protester. a flabbergasted mario draghi held his hands up for protection when the demonstrator leapt on to the podium and began throwing paper at him during a press conference. the woman - who identified herself later as josephine witt - yelled ` end the ecb dictatorship ! ' before being bundled off by two heavyset guards , while a third threw himself in front of mr draghi. the protester flashed a v-for-victory sign and smiled as the two men in grey suits carried her away by her arms and legs while the ecb boss was
more than # 1.5 billion worth of unwanted online shopping items including women 's dresses , shoes and underwear are piling up in wardrobes , according to new research. four in ten britons have an average # 77 of this stuff lying around because they have not got around to returning it because the task is too inconvenient and lengthy , a survey shows. when asked why , 43 per cent said they could not be bothered and 39 per cent said they did not think the value warranted the effort. four in ten britons have an average # 77 of unwanted good because they have not got round to returning it. a fifth -lrb- 21 per cent -rrb-
from clipping nails to a plastic bag filled with urine , these photographs show the horrible airline passengers who carry on the unnecessary baggage. disgruntled flyers and flight attendants from around the globe , have taken their frustration to social media to shame feral passengers with annoying habits - and the results are sure to shock. they include a feet being wedged in between seats or near other passenger 's head , rubbish being trashed in seat pockets and bathrooms while others are taking up more space than necessary. scroll down for video. one traveller has snapped a picture of himself enduring the close proximity of another passenger 's foot. disgusting : one flight attendant found a
is this the world 's safest bike ? its designers certainly think so. boasting front and rear lights , rear view mirrors and even a car horn , the team behind the electric babel bike say it is unprecedented in its approach to safety. and perhaps most noticeable of all is the roll cage that surrounds the cyclist - keeping them safe against trucks and buses turning into them. scroll down for video. london-based designer claims to have made the world 's safest bike. called the babel bike it has a host of features including a roll cage. crispin sinclair -lrb- shown with the bike -rrb- is seeking # 50,000 of funding on site indiegogo. the bike also has
a woman strong-armed a man of his flexing title at a football game earlier this month. during a ` flex cam ' break at a philadelphia soul game on april 12 a woman proved that she had the biggest muscles in the room and maybe even the city. video of the unidentified woman 's robust display at the arena football league game has over 300,000 views on youtube. scroll down for video. you call that muscle ? : this man was quick to show his guns on the flex cam on april 12. about to get flexy : this unidentified woman removed her jacket to show this man what real muscles are. the flex cam is a stadium tradition in which a
representatives from comcast and time warner cable will meet with us department of justice officials to discuss concerns raised by their planned $ 45billion merger , according to reports. the meeting next wednesday would aim to negotiate possible. concessions addressing competition concerns created by the combination of the two cable giants ,. staffers at both the justice department and the federal. communications commission remain concerned the combined company. would have too much power in the internet broadband market. reps from comcast and time warner cable plan to meet with us department of justice officials on wednesday. there are also concerns the merged company and would have unfair competitive leverage against
-lrb- cnn -rrb- novak djokovic extended his current winning streak to 17 matches after beating thomas berdych 7-5 , 4-6 , 6-3 in the rain-interrupted final of the monte carlo masters. but the serbian world number one did n't have it all his away under uncharacteristically slate gray skies on the mediterranean coast. tight. djokovic edged a tight first set before losing the second after the czech sixth seed took advantage of the short rain delay and came back strongly. but djokovic broke twice early in the third set to surge to a 4-0 lead. and although berdych gamely fought back djokovic served out for the
comments sections and social networks across the web are littered with antisocial users who repeatedly abuse and provoke people to get a reaction. these so-called ` trolls ' have even been known to cause mental distress to their victims. but now a team of researchers has studied millions of such online posts to identify common traits among these users. and it has built an algorithm that can recognise a potential troll with an accuracy of 80 per cent by scanning their comments. experts studied 40 million posts by 1.7 millions users on news site cnn.com , political news site breitbart.com and gaming site ign.com. the researchers then divided users into those
nick clegg is to embark on three days of door knocking in his sheffield constituency after a shock poll showed he is on course to lose his seat at the general election. the deputy prime minister is trailing labour by 2 per cent in his formally rock-solid lib dem constituency , sheffield hallam. mr clegg won his seat in 2010 by a huge margin -- scooping up more than 50 per cent of the vote. today he insisted : ` we are going to win sheffield hallam. we are confident but not complacent. ' lib dem leader nick clegg is trailing labour by two points in his formally rock-solid lib dem constituency in sheffield
-lrb- cnn -rrb- a year after its cannes debut and finally seeing a theatrical release , `` lost river '' is still causing quite a stir. booed at its premiere and mocked by reviewers , ryan gosling 's first feature as director has been divisive , to put it mildly. but there has been one shining light cutting through the fog of critical hyperbole : its setting , a besmirched and decaying detroit. wavering on the brink of annihilation , yet providing kindling for its own rebirth , the city is captured in all its waning splendor , the perfect backdrop for gosling 's post-industrial gothic. speaking about the film in london , gosling made clear that the city
manchester city will not compromise on quality in their search for homegrown players this summer. the proof that city have belief in english players was evident in monday night 's fa youth cup final where four of their starting line-up against chelsea were born in manchester. another two have lived there from a young age. manuel pellegrini looked on with interest at city 's academy stadium. yet , while those fledglings carry much promise for the future , the fallen premier league champions have a more immediate problem : they need eight homegrown players for their first-team squad next season to meet guidelines set out by the premier league
-lrb- cnn -rrb- madonna has a thing for making out with fellow performers on stage. first it was britney and christina , and now rapper drake has been on the receiving end of a little lip action from madge. while the blondes had fun with it , drake appeared less than enthused after madonna 's prolonged smooch onstage at the coachella music festival in california on sunday. in an update monday from `` champagnepapi '' himself on instagram , the rapper clarified his reaction : `` do n't misinterpret my shock !! i got to make out with the queen madonna and i feel 100 about that forever. thank you @madonna. '' after
eric jackson took a bullet in the forearm during the deadliest mass shooting on a u.s. military base , and returned to fort hood five years later with other survivors on friday to receive purple heart medals. some smiled over an honor they felt was overdue , but also clenched their teeth over needs in their scarred and injured lives they say the army has denied. ' i try not to be bitter. but it 's kind of hard not to be bitter , ' said jackson , a former staff sergeant. ` you wonder , where 's the respect ? where 's the recognition ?
-lrb- cnn -rrb- the indonesian government has ordered preparations for the execution of 10 inmates on death row , including filipino maid mary jane veloso and australians andrew chan and myuran sukumaran. jakarta has advised consular officials to travel to indonesia 's `` execution island '' -- nusa kambangan -- where the ten are being held , though a spokesman for the attorney general , tony spontana , told cnn friday this is not the required 72-hour notice given to death row convicts before the actual execution. but he said , `` the time is approaching. '' the 10 inmates , from australia , france , ghana , the philippines , brazil , nigeria and indonesia , had their petitions for
if charlie austin played for a big club he would be in the england team by now. that 's the populist stance , anyway , and parroting it is much easier than working through the logistics. if we think a squad should contain four strikers , who should roy hodgson drop to make way ? wayne rooney , the captain , poised to overtake sir bobby charlton as the greatest goal-scorer in england 's history ? danny welbeck , the top scorer across this european championship qualifying round , with six goals in five games ? harry kane , english football 's leading goalscorer -- or daniel sturridge , the man whose partnership with luis suarez almost propelled liverpool to the title last
hundreds of foreigners have been evacuated from yemen after weeks of fierce fighting in the war-torn country. china 's navy rescued 225 foreign nationals and almost 600 chinese citizens from the danger zone in an unprecedented move by its military. they included 176 people from pakistan with the remainder from ethiopia , singapore , italy , germany , poland , ireland , britain , canada and yemen. scroll down for video. evacuees : people wait to step down the chinese linyi missile frigate when they arrive in djibouti. rescue mission : soldiers of chinese people 's liberation army see off a fleet before it sets out for aden , yemen. people
underlining a change across the nation , nearly 90per cent of u.s. adults now say they have health insurance , according to an extensive survey released monday. researchers behind the gallup-healthways well-being index say the number of uninsured americans is now at a record low. when tracking began in 2008 roughly 14per cent of citizens were uninsured , peaking at 18per cent in the third quarter of 2013. but marking a shift in the trend , for the first three months of this year the rate dropped to 11.9 per cent. whether the new findings turn out to be a high-water mark for president barack obama 's health care
sir alex ferguson , the quiet years. no singular drive , no all-consuming discipline that keeps him on the go from pre-dawn ` til the streetlights are burning bright. as this most honoured of sporting knights puts it himself : ` i do n't have obsessions now. ' there 's certainly nothing that comes close to football for the famous fergie , who has instead chosen to spend his retirement devoting himself to any number of causes ; at last count , he was associated with a good dozen charities or foundations. and it will surprise no-one to learn that , while doing his bit for unicef , barnardo 's et al , a little of the old firebrand spirit still burns brightly. if you want to
climbing trees and spending hours playing outside used to be part of every childhood. but today 's youngsters are more likely to be stuck indoors -- and it may be harming their eyesight. and it is not just because of the time spent sitting in front of a screen. for a lack of natural daylight is thought to be driving up rates of short-sightedness among the young. spending an extra 40 minutes a day in the sunshine has been shown to improve children 's sight dramatically. scientists had though reading or looking at a screen could cause shortsightedness , but now think it could be down
arrest : timothy rogalski allegedly repeatedly called sandy hook elementary school on tuesday. a man has been arrested for repeatedly calling sandy hook elementary school and accusing staff members of staging the 2012 school massacre. timothy rogalski , from wallingford , connecticut , called the school on tuesday morning and left four messages on its office answerphone. the fifth time he called , he spoke to an administrative assistant. in the calls , the 30-year-old accused staff of being behind the december 14 , 2012 shooting that left 20 children and six female educators dead , according to police in monroe. he also said
another trophy slipped through brendan rodgers ' grip when they lost to aston villa in the fa cup semi-final at wembley on sunday. that elusive first piece of silverware is proving hard to attain and an itch is developing which is in dire need of being scratched. after spending more than # 200million since taking charge at liverpool in june 2012 , there is only so long the owners and fans will keep patient in their desire for dividends. brendan rodgers gives instructions to steven gerrard during liverpool 's defeat against aston villa. rodgers is set for his third season without a trophy after liverpool were dumped out of the fa cup. twitching times can develop when the top clubs go through barren
wojciech szczesny will start in the fa cup semi-final but the future looks bleak for the poland goalkeeper who has been deposed as arsenal 's no 1. arsene wenger confirmed szczesny will play ahead of david ospina against reading at wembley on saturday but offered no further guarantees. ` at the moment , i hope yes , ' said wenger , after a long , uncharacteristic hesitation , when asked if szczesny had a long-term future at the club. ` it is very difficult to answer that question , you know. what is important is saturday. wojciech szczesny will start in goal for arsenal for the their fa cup clash with reading at wembley.
philipp lahm has given former bayern munich team-mate owen hargreaves an insight into the meticulous approach of manager pep guardiola ahead of the club 's champions league quarter-final tie against porto. the world cup winner was speaking to the bt sport pundit as part of a special documentary ` inside bayern munich with owen hargreaves ' which airs saturday at 10pm on bt sport 1. ` his tactical understanding is incredible , ' lahm explained. ` he always gives our team solutions to playing the opposition. video - scroll down to see a preview from ` inside bayern munich with owen hargreaves ' bayern munich man philipp lahm -lrb- left -rrb-
egypt 's oldest pyramid was built almost 5,000 years ago but a similar structure hidden beneath rubble could be up to four times older. if true , the claim could rewrite prehistory and shed light on an obscure yet powerful and advanced ancient civilisation. geologist dr danny hilman believes that a site in west java is revered because it hides an ancient temple built between 9,000 and 20,000 years ago. scroll down for video. a geologist claims that the world 's oldest pyramid is hidden under rubble -lrb- pictured -rrb- in west java , which if true , could re-write pre-history in the region and shed light on a powerful and advanced ancient civilisation.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- there 's a stampede of investigators in california. the fbi said friday that it will investigate whether civil rights were violated during the videotaped beating of a suspect in san bernardino. the suspect allegedly fled by car , foot and horseback when law enforcement officers tried to arrest him. earlier friday , san bernardino sheriff john mcmahon said criminal investigations have begun into the actions of deputies as well as the suspect. in addition , an internal investigation has been launched. ten deputies identified as being involved in the case have been put on paid administrative leave , mcmahon said friday. in video captured by cameras aboard a helicopter for knbc , deputies gather around the man after he falls from
it has been nicknamed ` the da pinchi code '. the seemingly meaningless symbols have been daubed on walls or pavements. but the squiggles are actually thought to be a ` code ' for crooks , giving potential housebreakers details about the building , such as whether it is a good target or has an alarm , or been targeted before successfully. other marks could suggest that the occupant is vulnerable or that there is nothing inside the property worth taking. cracking the code : lanarkshire police has urged anyone who has seen these symbols on their properties to call them. so far the code has only been spotted in east kilbride , lanarkshire , where
two moving candle-lit vigils have been held to remember the 900 migrants who died when their boat capsized en route to europe from libya this weekend. as people lay candles by the sea in valetta , malta , an equally emotional memorial service was taking place in front of rome 's verano cemetery. the deadliest migrant tragedy on the mediterranean so far took this year 's death toll on the waters to a staggering 1,800. it came as three other people - including a tiny child - died when a rickety wooden boat ran aground on the greek island of rhodes. and the relentless tide of migrants escaping the war-torn country of libya has continued
a woman left heartbroken following the end of a relationship asked her friends to pose ` as she was feeling ' for a therapeutic photography project. laura stevens ' photo series ` another november ' captures the stages grief following the breakdown of a relationship. the british photographer , 38 , who lives in paris , found inspiration for the series after her own painful break up. scroll down for video. ` jessica ' from the series another november by laura stevens shows a woman sitting in a foetal position next to crumpled bed covers. ` following the ending of a significant relationship in
an extraordinary image has emerged of what appears to be a cloud formation that draws uncanny similarities to an aussie digger wearing a slouch hat. the photo was taken by brad allan in cape york , far north queensland , as he was heading out fishing at the break of dawn when something caught his eye. mr allan , from the archer river roadhouse , says the image is quite fitting considering the upcoming centenary of anzac day. the 50-year-old describes it as ` the sunrise digger who 's been watching over us for 100 years '. an extraordinary image has emerged of what appears to be a cloud formation that draws uncanny similarities to an
` there 's no cafetiere and there 's no corkscrew ! ' listening to my husband dominic 's rant minutes into our family eurocamp adventure i was reminded that i 'm not married to bear grylls. but his gripes were soon drowned out by the whoops of delight from our two young boys as they bounced on the beds ... ` bunk beds ! in a tent ! ' - their tiny heads about to explode in excitement. a full-blown corkscrew crisis was quickly averted as we befriended our better-equipped neighbours and , once the wine was flowing , we were able to take in our surroundings. jake and seb ready for their cave adventure. it 's not advertised as ` glamping ' but with big duvets and brass beds , eurocamp
these stunning pictures show a trio of daredevil bikers dicing with death as they leap over huge jagged rocks metres above crashing waves. the mountain bike athletes were captured taking huge leaps as the sun went down over portland rock , an island off the coast of weymouth , dorset , on sunday by photographer jack davies. the group included renowned professional trial bike riders jack gear , 25 , andrei burton , 29 , and joe seddon , 19 , who were unfazed by the choppy waters just 10 metres below. mr davies said : ` it was incredibly dangerous , the sea was 10 metres
the new southpaw trailer last month featured jake gyllenhaal showing off an extremely toned torso. but according to his trainer , former professional boxer terry claybon , it took a huge amount of work to get the 34-year-old actor ripped for the shoot , including six months of training before filming even started. he also worked out for an incredible six hours per day , including 2,000 sit ups , 1,000 each morning and the same at night. of course , jake had to work even harder to get in shape because he had just dropped approximately 30lbs to play freelance crime reporter lou , who stumbles upon the dangerous underworld of los angeles in nightcrawler. scroll down for video. blood , sweat and tears : according to his trainer , it took a huge amount of work to get
too strong , too hungry and too powerful. all over the field manchester united were superior. it has been a while since we have said that , in this fixture at least. a season that seemed to be heading nowhere when arsenal defeated them in the fa cup last month will perhaps now be remembered for a return to european football and also for this , a victory over their neighbours that was even more complete , more absolute , than the scoreline suggests. united used to do this to city all the time. they used to bully them , pass through them , demoralise them and
college basketball player lauren hill lost her battle with cancer on friday morning , aged just 19. the indiana native , who was diagnosed with a rare form of brain cancer shortly after her 18th birthday , had defied doctors ' expectations after they told her that she would not live past december. instead , she played four games with her team at mount st. joseph university in cincinnati and raised more than $ 1.5 million for research into the cancer , diffuse intrinsic pontine glioma. but as her condition worsened , she became an honorary coach and earlier this year , she moved to cincinnati children 's hospital , where she passed away on friday morning. scroll down for video. loss : lauren hill , who is
his face has appeared in sandwiches , on tree stumps and even a dog 's ear. now , on the eve of easter , a shop assistant has spotted the image of jesus christ in a hot cross bun. mother-of-two lindsey norman noticed the uncanny resemblance in a six pack of # 1 buns she had purchased from her local sainsbury 's in peterborough , cambridgeshire. scroll down for video. mother of two lindsey norman spotted the image of jesus in the hot cross buns she bought from sainsbury 's. she said : ' i saw them and thought `` that looks just like a figure of jesus with a sign of the cross
they are the homes provided to give those less fortunate members of our society a roof over their heads. but with the cost of maintenance and repairs to damaged public housing nearing $ 13 million a year in nsw alone , the state government has had enough and is planning to make tenants pay a bond before they move in. communities minister brad hazzard said it was a ` very likely possibility ' the plan would be implemented in the near future. ` the critical argument for it is that at the moment the maintenance costs , including damage from poor tenancy , are in the order of approximately $ 12-13 million per year , '
a brother and sister were left severely disabled after maternity staff at the hospital where they were both born , two years apart , made the same mistakes. paula mckay was told her daughter natasha had suffered brain damage and would be left disabled after errors were made by medics at the former sharoe green hospital in preston. when she became pregnant with her second child , less than two years later , she was reassured the same mistakes would not be repeated. but the promise was an empty one. when patrick was delivered at the same hospital , the same errors were made , leaving her son brain damaged and severely disabled like his older sister. ms mckay , from leyland , near preston , has been
txiki begiristain was on the 10.30 am lufthansa flight out of manchester for munich on tuesday morning. it 's the week of the champions league quarter-finals , therefore the manchester city director of football would have expected to be on the move. this week , however , just like last year , begiristain is on the outside looking in. city succumbed meekly to barcelona last month leaving him to plan his schedule only as a voyeur. the thought of begiristain and his favourite coach , pep guardiola , in the same stadium as bayern munich attempt to turn over a 3-1 first leg deficit to porto certainly provides some appropriate
most people might believe that being covered in face tattoos would make it impossible to land a job ; but for one inked-up canadian man the decision to cover his head , neck and arms in crude body art has actually earned him a lucrative career as a model. vin los , 24 , gained notoriety last year for his tattoo-covered visage and his dreams of becoming the most famous man in the world ; despite facing heavy criticism about his unique ink , vin insisted that the sharpie-like tattoos on his face , neck , chest , and arms 'em body pop culture ' , create '
david cameron 's desperate attempts to appear cool have failed to impress his children. the prime minister has revealed eldest daughter nancy has taken to likening her father to phil dunphy , the embarrassing dad from us hit sitcom modern family. he admits the comparison is ` not great ' , with even his fashion getting the thumbs down from the 11-year-old. david cameron has revealed eldest daughter nancy has taken to likening her father to phil dunphy -lrb- right -rrb- , the embarrassing dad from us hit sitcom modern family. now in its sixth series , modern family is one of the biggest sitcoms to come out
des moines , iowa -lrb- cnn -rrb- martin o'malley told reporters in iowa on friday that inevitability -- a term bandied about regarding democratic presidential frontrunner hillary clinton -- is not unbreakable. `` i 've seen it before , '' the former governor of maryland and possible presidential contender said. `` history is full of examples where the inevitable frontrunner was inevitable right up until she was no longer or he was no longer inevitable. '' clinton was considered inevitable to win the nomination in 2008 but ended up losing to barack obama. o'malley had previously dropped the inevitability comment in a television interview last month. the former governor , who
the woman who was tragically killed when her car washed away in flood waters in maitland has been identified as an elderly great-grandmother who was popping out for milk. the body of anne jarmain , 86 , was found at 7pm on wednesday ; 10 hours after her car was pulled off the road and underwater as she tried to crossed cessnock road , which in the nsw hunter region. her family and friend are in shock , with her neighbours lamenting that they could not convince the sweet , ` strong-willed ' woman to stay at home. after two days without power and with limited food supplies , ms jarmain insisted on making
new pictures have emerged of louis tomlinson 's wild night of partying with a group of five girls. the one direction star was seen barefoot and sat on the edge of a sofa during a stay at london 's soho hotel on wednesday night , in which he appeared to be rolling a joint while sat next to a box filled with a suspicious substance. and now , a series of newly-released snapchat shots of the raucous gathering have emerged , appearing to show the 23-year-old singer in his hotel room in the company of friends in the small hours of thursday morning. scroll down for video. up
martin tyler has been in the commentary game for 40 years , so it 's safe to say he 's witnessed his fair share of blockbusters. confessing himself as a ` chief witness ' of football it 's no surprise , then , that when asked to pick a favourite he is able to pluck one game in particular from his encyclopaedic memory. ` i 've been very lucky to cover so many great games but i do usually plump for this same one , ' tyler reminisced with sky sports. ` liverpool 4 , newcastle 3. ' stan collymore -lrb- third left -rrb- smashes home liverpool 's fourth past newcastle goalkeeper pavel srnicek. he is of course referring to the seven goal thriller at anfield on april , 1996 , which saw the two premier league
the queen 's staff will take industrial action for the first time in history over their ` ridiculously low ' wages. wardens at windsor castle say they are expected to carry out extra duties , including giving guided tours to visitors , for no extra money. union chiefs claim workers earn as little as # 14,700 despite working the ` country 's richest family '. wardens at windsor castle -lrb- pictured here collecting flowers laid by well-wishers following the death of the queen mother -rrb- have voted for industrial action in a dispute over pay. their main role includes meeting and greeting visitors , conducting security searches , telling people about the history of the castle , and handing
most brides spend months searching for the perfect accessories on their big day - but a knee-high cast and nhs-issue crutches are n't exactly on the list. however , kimberley donoghue , 28 , from ponthenri near carmarthen , was forced to hobble down the aisle after breaking her leg and a bone in her foot just four days before her wedding. wearing the heavy white cast beneath her fairy tale dress , her father wheeled her into church and she sat down to say her vows. kimberley donoghue , 28 , from south wales wore her leg in plaster under her dress , and has decided to postpone the official wedding photographs until the plaster is off. ironically , the accident when
-lrb- cnn -rrb- it 's no surprise which image is making the headlines from this week 's gathering of leaders from nearly three dozen nations in panama : a historic handshake between president barack obama and cuban president raul castro. but this first meeting of obama and castro since they announced plans to start normalizing diplomatic ties should not be the end of the summit story. or at least obama is hoping it wo n't be. after all , the president has had some unhappy experiences at hemispheric summits , where the headlines have often focused on some less than flattering moments. the reality is that the united states has been losing ground in this increasingly important region , and obama needs to put on a strong performance in panama at the summit of the americas if the u.s.
eight deputies were filmed beating and kicking an alleged horse thief for two minutes as he lay dormant in the southern california desert. an nbc helicopter was following the san bernardino county officers as they pursued a 30-year-old man , francis pusok , who was believed to have stolen horse on thursday afternoon. the footage shows two deputies catch up with pusok on foot after he falls off the horse , and they stun him with a taser. he falls to the ground before standing up and trying to flee. they stun him again , and again , before launching over to kick him between the legs. attack : two deputies were captured on film
these are the last known movements of a murdered university student whose body was found in the boot of a burning car. firefighters made the grim discovery of janet muller 's body in ifield , near crawley , west sussex on march 13. police have now released video stills and footage of the 21-year-old university of brighton student in portslade on the night before her death. scroll down for video. janet muller was seen walking in a subway in portslade , east sussex , at 10.30 pm on march 12. the images were released shortly after the youngster 's family spoke about her ` bubbly ' personality in a heartfelt tribute. the bright student 's family described her as an `
juventus and liverpool are continuing to monitor developments with chelsea midfielder oscar. the brazil international has been criticised by jose mourinho in recent weeks and there are question marks over his future. chelsea want to strengthen in the summer and may need a high profile departure to help balance the books. juventus and liverpool are interested in signing chelsea 23-year-old midfielder oscar. oscar in action during chelsea 's 1-0 premier league victory against queens park rangers last weekend. oscar cost chelsea # 19.35 m and they would want a substantial profit on the 23 year-old. paris saintt germain have shown interest in the past also. juventus want a playmaker for next season
new york -lrb- cnn -rrb- a new york police department detective apologized friday for an angry exchange with an uber driver that was caught on video and landed him on modified assignment. `` i apologize. i sincerely apologize , '' patrick cherry told wnbc 's jonathan dienst. cherry , an nypd detective assigned to the fbi 's joint terrorism task force with top-secret security clearance , faces suspension , reassignment or loss of his clearance after the video of the altercation went viral. `` i was just angry , at that moment , for that exchange. '' cherry said. `` if the conversation initially went differently , we probably would have shook hands at the end of that encounter. '' the altercation began monday when the uber driver
while most people are used to hiding chocolate eggs and enjoying dinner with family and friends , easter celebrations in parts of the world can take on a very different appearance. in southern germany , hundreds of people braved the snow for a traditional easter monday procession on horseback , while in slovakia women were doused with buckets of water as part of their weekend celebrations. a similar age-old tradition takes place in hungary , where after being sprinkled with water , the women give the men beautifully coloured eggs in return. scroll down for video. in southern germany , hundreds of horse
an architect who arranged to meet a woman on a blind date raped her several hours later while telling her ` girls say no but they do n't really mean it , ' a court has heard. adam leheup , 34 , allegedly insisted on having sex with the 25-year-old woman despite her shouting : ` no , no. ' leheup met the woman on july 9 , 2013 after arranging to meet on the ` let 's date ' mobile phone app. adam leheup met with his alleged victim after making contact with her through the ` let 's date app ' they arranged
for most workers , being told they 're getting a raise at work is a cause for celebration , but not for these builders in china. that 's because they 're constructing a mountain road thousands of feet above the ground in pingjiang county , hunan province. with no ropes or safety harnesses , and only hard hats to protect them if they fall , these men spend their days hauling heavy planks and wheelbarrows full of cement over a rickety wooden walkway. on the edge : workers in china have been pictured building a walkway for tourists while perched thousands of feet up a mountain side in pingjiang county ,
renee somerfield , the genetically-blessed australian model starring in a controversial new weight loss advert , has responded to the backlash against the campaign. the yellow protein world ad , currently plastered all over billboards around the london underground , features a bikini-clad renee next to text reading ` are you beach body ready ? ' the sight of the 24-year-old 's toned figure towering above train platforms has caused a stir among some feminists and body image campaigners , with a change.org petition started , general social media outrage and defacing of the posters by bloggers , angry at the perceived insinuation that only women who look like renee are ready to go
ronnie o'sullivan took off his shoes mid-match at the crucible on tuesday -- but still socked it to debutant craig steadman. the rocket raced into a 7-2 lead in his first match at this year 's betfred world championship in sheffield. but five-time champion o'sullivan , 39 , could now face a fine after breaching snooker 's strict dress code against the 32-year-old from manchester. ronnie o'sullivan was forced into borrowing a pair of shoes from a member of the crucible audience. o'sullivan played a frame of his encounter against fellow englishman craig steadman in his socks. o'sullivan leans across the table as he lines up a shot during the first round of the world championship. o'sullivan almost made a 147
hillary rodham clinton took aim at republicans on monday for latching on to a new book that details sweetheart deals she allegedly made between foreign governments and the u.s. state department in exchange for speaking fees and donations to her family foundation. ` it is , i think , worth noting that the republicans seem to be talking only about me , ' she told reporters in the liberal new hampshire bastion of keene. ` hopefully we 'll get on to the issues. ' clinton dismissed the swirling questions as little more than political attacks from republicans eager to gain an early advantage in the 2016 presidential
michael buckley , 60 , from forest hill , south east london , died after being hit by a shopping trolley as he bought festive groceries at marks & spencer. a shopper caused the death of a frail widower by ` deliberately ramming ' him with her trolley , a court heard yesterday. melanie buck is said to have become frustrated because the food aisles in marks & spencer were gridlocked by christmas shoppers. when she could not get past 60-year-old michael buckley she exchanged heated words with him before knocking him over with her trolley , it was alleged. mr buckley -- who suffered
anyone attending the christie 's magnificent jewels auction next month might want to bring a pair of sunglasses with them. the array of glittering precious stones on display at the event in geneva on may 13 is blinding. it includes a pink diamond worth # 8million , a sapphire worth # 2.7 million and a pair of diamond earrings with # 670,000. a christie 's employee wears the maria christina royal devant-de-corsage brooch , which is expected to fetch # 1 to # 1.33 million. overall , the auction is expected to raise in excess of # 53million. the auction will showcase 351 historically significant and antique jewels spanning from the 18th to the 20th centuries. the most important piece is
-lrb- cnn -rrb- it was right after one of the longest lockouts in nba history. jeff green , then playing for the boston celtics , was looking forward to getting back to the hardwood. that was until a routine physical stopped him in his tracks. the physical revealed he had an aortic aneurysm near the left valve of his heart. `` i was shocked , '' said the memphis grizzlies small forward. `` i had no symptoms of fatigue , shortness of breath. '' green had to have open heart surgery. `` leading up to it was nerve-racking , '' he said. `` i could n't run. i could n't
-lrb- cnn -rrb- a lot of questions. not too many answers. exactly one week after being taken into police custody in baltimore , freddie gray died sunday under circumstances that are unclear. `` the questions that many of you have are the same questions that we 're asking : how was mr. gray injured ? were our proper protocols and procedures actually followed ? what are the next steps to take from here ? '' said baltimore mayor stephanie rawlings-blake. an attorney for gray 's family alleges that police are involved in a cover-up. `` on last sunday morning at about 8 a.m. , the police chased
do n't expect to snag a # 1,000 nosebleed ticket - or any other ticket - at the box office for the fight between floyd mayweather and manny pacquiao. just two weeks before the bout , tickets for the most anticipated fight in recent times have yet to go on public sale , with the two camps and the mgm grand locked in a stand-off over allotments. when they are finally put on sale , only a few will be sold at the listed price. the impasse has left fans in the dark , and ticket brokers perplexed. floyd mayweather performs at a media
she may not look it , but this 72-year-old is a master con artist. cathryn parker has lived under at least 74 aliases in los angeles , mainly those of hollywood production workers. but after 15 blissful years skipping over legal hurdles , it all came to a grinding halt when she was stopped for a traffic violation. police started to investigate parker after realizing she gave the traffic officers a false name. tracking down her house , they found she was leasing under another false name. the case quickly unraveled into one of the biggest cases of identity theft the state has ever seen. master con ? cathryn parker ,
at 6-foot-5 and 289lb jj watt is a terror on the football field - recording more than 20 sacks and forcing four fumbles for the houston texans with his explosive speed and power last season. now the nfl defensive end flaunting his incredible athletic process off the field. on monday he released a video that shows him making an incredible 61-inch vertical leap. the standing box jump - a popular crossfit workout move - is billed as a personal best. jj watt performed an incredible 61-inch box standing box jump. an impressive feat for a man who weighs nearly 300 pounds. the houston texans defensive tackle released the
a man was horrified after finding a five inch piece of timber in his frozen curry. john foran 's wife nita was preparing a chicken tikka biryani stir-fry on tuesday april 7 when he found the splinter-covered shard. the # 2 ready meal was bought from an iceland foods store in spytty retail park near the couple 's home in newport , south wales , within the last two weeks. john foran was horrified to find a five inch piece of timber in his iceland chicken tikka biryani curry. john , 59 , said : ` when it fell out of the bag i could n't believe it. ` as
the pfa premier league team of the year was unveiled on sunday night at a glitzy ceremony at the grosvenor house hotel in london. the side , which is voted for by players from across the 20 clubs in england 's top flight , featured six chelsea players , with eden hazard , winner of the individual prize , making the side for the third straight season. but did the professionals get it right ? not according to the ea sports ' performance index anyway. sergio aguero nets his 21st strike of the season against aston villa. he has scored one more than harry kane. cesc fabregas ,
-lrb- cnn -rrb- he was known as the american mouthpiece of al qaeda , speaking against his native country on behalf of a terrorist organization that 's devoted blood and resources to attacking it. but not anymore. the white house announced thursday that adam gadahn , 36 , was killed in january in a u.s. government counterterrorism operation. neither he nor ahmed farouq -- another u.s. citizen and al qaeda operative who died in what the white house said was `` likely a separate '' operation -- was specifically targeted , according to the statement. warren weinstein , a u.s. citizen who was abducted by al qaeda in pakistan in 2011 , died along with another hostage , italian giovanni lo porto , in the attack that killed farouq , according to
this gives a whole new meaning to the phrase ` bouncing baby '. angelina santini from san diego , california , filmed her nine-month-old son marcus getting carried away in his bouncer one day. the comical clip shows the youngster lurching back and forth with the device almost touching the floor. ` hi , are you having fun ? ' his mother asks at one point , to which marcus replies with a loud squeal. he then stops to look at the camera before starting his bouncing stunt again. after a few gentle rocks , he 's soon going at full speed with his arms waving in the air. adding to the performance , he trills
jacques burger encapsulates all the values rugby union 's marketing people love to espouse. fiercely loyal , brave beyond words , strong and dedicated. at saracens , who take on racing metro in paris on sunday in the european champions cup quarter-final , the flanker is loved by his team-mates every bit as much as he is loathed by opponents who fear the reckless abandon with which he is prepared to play the game. with a face left battered and bruised by years of punishment , burger is the man you want on your team. ` i change into something else when i play rugby
cctv pictures show a man police want to speak to after a ` peeping tom ' incident at a swimming pool. these pictures show a ` peeping tom ' who is believed to have been spying on young women changing in cubicles at a swimming pool. at around 12.45 pm yesterday , a 19-year-old woman was changing in a cubicle in aqua vale swimming pool in aylesbury , buckinghamshire , when she noticed a man looking under the bottom of the cubicle. she had kicked him and he then disappeared. captured on cctv cameras placed in the changing areas near the pool , the latest pictures are thought to be connected to a similar
they 're the fastest-growing nutrition bar in the u.s. with sales topping $ 100 million. but the fda has ruled that kind bars are not as kind on the body as they purport to be. investigators found that a number of flavors were labeled ` healthy ' - brimming with fiber , protein and antioxidants , while being low in fat and sodium. however , upon closer inspection , it was found that ` none of the products met the requirements to make such content claims ' and were in fact ` misbranded '. mislabeled ? the fda has ruled that kind bars are not as kind on the body as they purport to
sometimes it can feel like your job is an endless cycle of meetings -- and you would n't be wrong. the average british worker will sit through 6,239 meetings in their career , a survey has found. and with 60 per cent saying they find most meetings ` pretty pointless ' , it 's not surprising that one in five adults admits to catching forty winks during a work meeting. of the 2000 surveyed by headset manufacturer sennheiser communications , 70 per cent said they constantly zone out while in meetings , with the average worker switching off completely after 20
nearly one in four teenagers are ` almost constantly ' online as their lives are swallowed up ever more by their mobile phones , a study has revealed. some 24 per cent of 13 to 17-year-olds admitted they were continuously checking their devices , including when they were at school. nine in teenagers also confessed to going online every day as they were unable to resist the lure of facebook and instagram. in danger ? the study also looked at social media and found that middle class teenagers were more likely to use snapchat , the controversial message service where messages disappears seconds after they are sent. parents now find it increasingly difficult
nestled in eastern long island is a sleepy little town called yaphank where the streets have cozy names like oak and park , names that hide a dark past : they once bore signs like hitler and goebbels streets. yaphank , in the 1930s , appeared as a haven for americans -- most of them of german heritage -- who sympathized with the causes of the third reich. in fact , it was largely founded as a nazi camp , one of several scattered across the u.s. , where the children in the german american bund -lrb- aka american nazis -rrb- could fish
the fiancee of fusilier lee rigby has found ` happiness ' with an army major 27 years her senior. aimee west , 24 , is said to be in a relationship with major paul draper -- a former comrade of the murdered soldier. just two years after fusilier rigby was hacked to death in woolwich , south-east london , she is said to have formed a close bond with major draper , who was a mourner at her fiance 's funeral. scroll down for video. lee rigby 's fiancée aimee west -lrb- left -rrb- has found happiness with a friend of the murdered soldier , major paul draper -lrb- right -rrb-. major
long before mobile phones came along - allowing single men and women to flirt behind the comfort of a glowing screen - shy love-seekers had to resort to other tactics. in the case of late 19th-century america , it was the ` escort card ' - not to be confused with the explicit sort you might imagine today - but rather a comical printed card men would hand to women they found attractive. collector alan mays has unearthed
a 1,200lb-man forced to move from his financially-troubled nursing home was hoisted from the building by a crane and driven to his new residence on a flatbed truck. robert butler , 43 , was transported inside a shipping container from bannister house in providence , rhode island to the eleanor slater hospital in cranston. he was accompanied by his medical team. the operation took almost seven hours on sunday and involved the providence and cranston fire departments , lifespan , the hospital association of rhode island and bay crane northeast. scroll down for video. robert butler was transported inside a shipping container from bannister house in providence , rhode island to the eleanor slater hospital in cranston on sunday after his
shhh ! do n't make a sound. this dog is lost in deep concentration. kristina patrick from alaska filmed her german shepherd pakak performing a very skillful trick. video footage shows the pup lying on her back with a tennis ball neatly clutched between her front paws. keeping her eyes fixed on the toy , she then proceeds to lift it into the air being careful not to drop it. after freezing still for several seconds , pakak lowers the ball slowly down. she then places it in between her teeth , back to where it started. pakak 's owner says she loves playing with balls. other videos
the former bbc economics editor made headlines last week after it emerged she had been ` secretly ' dating ed miliband. former bbc economics editor stephanie flanders yesterday broke her silence over her fling with ed miliband , describing it as ` fleeting and very costly '. she made headlines last week after it emerged she had been ` secretly ' dating the labour leader when he first met his wife justine in 2004. in a brief message on twitter yesterday she said : ` we `` dated '' fleetingly in 2004. very costly few weeks it turns out '. it was unclear whether miss flanders was voicing regret over her relationship with mr miliband , or was embarrassed by the media coverage
an terrified asthma sufferer was left coughing up blood after accidentally inhaling an earring into her lungs. the 41-year-old woman was getting ready for a party to celebrate the new year when she started to wheeze. worried her asthma would get worse and ruin the festivities , she reached into her bag for her inhaler , according to doctors writing in the journal bmj case reports. her blue salbutamol inhaler was uncapped in her bag , and she heard a ` coarse rattle ' when she shook it. despite this , she ignored the noise , believing it was due to a loose connection inside the device. the
ann price , the creator of the world famous ghetto burger , has passed away. she was 72. according to 11alive. com , price was the owner of ann 's snack bar in atlanta. back in 2007 , the wall street journal named her signature ` ghetto burger , ' a double cheeseburger with bacon , grilled onions , ketchup , mustard and chili , the best in america. ann price , the popular figure behind the ` ghetto burger , ' dubbed best burger in america by the wall street journal , has died at the age of 72. the ` ghetto burger ' is a double cheeseburger with bacon , grilled onions
lunch. pink top , # 125 , lkbennett.com. floral
you could be forgiven for thinking it was a perfectly sensible message about personal safety. but a police poster advising women to stick together on a night out provoked anger yesterday , as campaigners claimed it suggested victims were responsible for sex attacks. sussex police was accused of ` victim-blaming ' in its campaign , which urges women not to leave their friends alone or let them wander off with strangers. women 's rights groups said rapists were to blame for sex attacks , not their victims. anti-rape campaigners have criticised the message in this sussex police poster arguing it implies that victims are to blame
farmers in country australia are renting their empty properties for $ 1 a week in an attempt to attract young families from the big smoke to invigorate their communities. residents of rural towns like cumnock , errowanbang and molong in nsw and wicheproof in victoria hope the bargain rentals will entice families with young children who can help populate their schools , save the local bus run and keep businesses open. cumnock resident christine weston says the rent-a-farmhouse initiative she set up in 2008 brought new life to her town of 280 people near orange the town 's population increased 30 per cent but those
it had all the trappings of a down-home country fair somewhere well below the mason-dixon line : lynyrd skynyrd medleys , mile-long lines for fried chicken , barbecue and draft beer , and a plethora of confederate flags emblazoning everything from belt buckles to motorcycle vests to trucker caps. but sunday 's party marking the 150th anniversary of the end of the american civil war took about 5,000 miles -lrb- 8,000 kilometers -rrb- south of the south , in a rural brazilian town colonized by families fleeing reconstruction. for many of the residents of santa barbara d'oeste and neighboring americana in brazil 's southeastern sao paulo state , having confederate ancestry is a point of pride
a hiker exploring chile 's natural wonders got the shock of his life on wednesday afternoon when a volcano erupted before his eyes. a man identified as walter witt on youtube was casually filming a serene forest with gentle waterfalls a short distance away from the foot of the 6,500-foot-high calbuco volcano. since being posted online the video has over 72,000 views. ` there are n't many people here , ' the hiker says in spanish in the video. ` beautiful , the volcano there ... ` he says just before the volcano begins to blow. scroll down for video. nothing to see here : this hiker 's surroundings are serene up until the moment a volcano erupts before his eyes and
celta vigo forward nolito has declared that lionel messi should hit the spanish coast on sunday instead of risking his foot injury during their la liga clash. the barcelona forward has been training following a minor problem , and is set to recover in time for the trip to celta , but 28-year-old nolito has urged the argentine to stay away. ' i guess he 'll come , but he can spend the day at the beach as far as i 'm concerned , ' nolito told marca. ` i 'll give his dad a ring in a minute. ' lionel messi should be fit to
the mortgage market has reached a ` watershed ' moment with the launch of the first five-year fixed rate below 2 per cent. the battle between lenders has intensified in recent months , plunging home loan rates to their lowest in history. but the mortgage wars will erupt again next week after hsbc announced a 1.99 per cent interest rate on a five-year fix. experts said it was the cheapest ever deal of its kind and described the move as ` astonishing '. new low : the mortgage market has reached a ` watershed ' moment with the launch of the first five-year fixed rate below 2 per cent. the offer from one of the country 's biggest mortgage lenders -- hsbc is consistently in the top five --
the champions of england were smashed into submission at stade marcel michelin on saturday night , to further expose the vast gulf in clout between the aviva premiership clubs and their rich french rivals. this was a brutal mismatch and a shattering result , not just for the ambitious saints but for the english game as a whole. jim mallinder 's men are imperious in domestic rugby -- leading the league by 10 points -- but they were simply obliterated by the formidable top 14 giants. clermont are nigh-on invincible at home and northampton could do absolutely nothing to even fleetingly threaten their dominance in this raucous arena. even in the brief moments when the saints had the temerity to work up a head of steam and go
there are dozens of safety rules when it comes to jet skiing. but all of those appeared to have sunk to the bottom of the ocean at a beach in cancun , mexico , as a new nail-biting video proves. alejandro bouvier of uruguay filmed the moment another rider got scarily close to his watercraft one sunny day. footage shows him zipping towards the driver before he swings around and drives directly in his path. ` look out , look out ! ' a man behind the camera can be heard screaming. luckily the two jet skiers avoid a dangerous collision thanks to some swift steering skills. commenting on the incident , bouvier
the number of women in britain becoming nuns is at a 25-year high. figures from the catholic church show the number of women taking holy vows has trebled from 15 in 2009 to 45 last year. from a low of only seven in 2004 , the figure has been rising for the past decade. theodora hawksley , 29 , was until recently a post-doctoral researcher in theology at the university of edinburgh. but at the beginning of the year she decided to become a nun. figures from the catholic church show the number of women becoming nuns in britain has trebled from 15 in 2009 to 45 last year. from a low of seven in 2004 , the figure has been rising for the past decade -lrb- file image -rrb-. she joined the congregation
ahead of this weekend 's premier league action , sportsmail will be providing you with all you need to know about every fixture , with team news , provisional squads , betting odds and opta stats. here is all the information you need for sunderland 's home clash with newcastle ... sunderland vs newcastle united -lrb- stadium of light -rrb-. team news. sunderland. sunderland midfielder lee cattermole will return to the starting line-up for sunday 's derby clash with newcastle. head coach dick advocaat has confirmed that cattermole will be back against the magpies after serving a two-match ban for reaching 10 bookings for
-lrb- cnn -rrb- robert bates , 73 , shot and killed a man while playing cops and robbers with real police. bates was a reserve deputy sheriff , which allowed him to `` work full time jobs in the community and volunteer ... time in a myriad of events such as the special olympics and tulsa state fair , '' according to the tulsa county sheriff office 's website. but bates was n't limited to crowd control at sporting events for the disabled. he had taken part in more than 100 operations with the violent crimes task force , according to his lawyer. on april 2 , bates thought he was going to use a taser on eric harris , who deputies had just tackled
police say they have no objections to the late afternoon kick-off for sunday 's manchester derby at old trafford. with plenty at stake for both united and city -- both sides are challenging for a top-four spot in the premier league -- some may feel that the 4pm start could be unwise as it allows supporters more time in the pub. however , the man in charge of patrolling the sell-out clash has no such fears. police say they have no objections to sunday 's manchester derby taking place in the late afternoon. chief superintendent john o'hare says the kick-off was agreed by all parties
hillary clinton lost the 2008 democratic presidential nomination because barack obama was the picture of cool. this time she 's not taking any chances. the former secretary of state 's campaign-in-waiting has reportedly signed a lease for two floors of office space in brooklyn , new york -- the epicenter of hipster culture. brooklyn has transformed itself in recent years from manhattan 's ugly little brother into the big apple borough where everyone wants to live. and the brooklyn heights neighborhood is among the most hipster-friendly of them all. scroll down for video. very hip : hillary 's hq will be in
castleford 's blockbusting australian winger justin carney will be sidelined for up to two months after being told he needs to undergo elbow surgery. the news could have been worse for carney , who dislocated his elbow in the tigers ' 25-4 win over hull kr last saturday but did not suffer a break as first feared. castleford winger justin carney is set to be out for up to months after being told he needs elbow surgery. ` justin needs an operation and will be out for six to eight weeks , ' said castleford coach daryl powell. ` it 's tough to take but is probably the best-case scenario we could have expected and hope to get a key strike weapon back asap. ' winger james clare is expected
embattled kim richards stormed out of an interview with dr phil mcgraw after a highly emotional discussion of her alcoholism , daily mail online can exclusively reveal. the hysterical real housewife broke down in tears and went into full meltdown as observers revealed she bolted from the room where dr phil had offered to help place her in a top treatment program. but richards apparently snubbed dr phil 's offer of help as eyewitnesses in the hallway heard her scream ` f *** ' , and other obscenities when she ran out of the room and down the hall. scroll down
a drunk father-of-two faces hours of agonising laser surgery after mis-spelling his own son 's name while giving himself a diy tattoo. tom moffatt , 27 , from ashton-under-lyne in tameside , greater manchester , was meant to ink ` riley ' - the name of his four-year-old son - into his left arm. but instead of the letter ` l' , mr moffatt started needling the letter p - and had to urgently ` scribble ' over the mistake. what was he thi-ink-ing ? tom moffatt , 27 , from ashton-under-lyne in tameside , greater manchester , inked his son riley 's name into his arm - but accidentally spelled it incorrectly. error : instead of ` l'
liverpool just edged past blackburn rovers in their fa cup sixth round replay to make it to a 24th cup semi-final in the anfield club 's illustrious history. philippe coutinho eventually broke the deadlock after 161 goalless minutes across the two games but blackburn came close to levelling matters when goalkeeper simon eastwood was denied in stoppage time. sportsmail 's oliver todd rated the player 's performances at ewood park. blackburn rovers : -lrb- 4-4-2 -rrb-. eastwood 7. could do nothing to stop philippe coutinho 's winner but did well to deny brazilian in the first half and even had a pop at goal himself with a brilliant turn in stoppage time. simon even had a pop at
-lrb- cnn -rrb- ten years ago , a prosecutor in centre county , pennsylvania , took a day off work and vanished. since then , the case of ray gricar has become one of the most intriguing and talked about missing persons stories in the country. investigators have taken dives to the bottom of lakes , dug up a grave , chased more than 300 reported sightings from arizona to north carolina , dropped fliers over slovenia , consulted a psychic , interviewed a member of the hell 's angels and enlisted nasa technology. but no one has been able to find the veteran district attorney , who was 59 when he disappeared. when he went missing that friday morning on april 15 , 2005 ,
arsenal moved nine points clear of their top four rivals liverpool on saturday afternoon with a 4-1 win at home in the premier league. goals from hector bellerin , mesut ozil and alexis sanchez put the gunners 3-0 ahead , before jordan henderson pulled one back from the penalty spot for the visitors. olivier giroud completed the scoreline with a sumptuous strike in injury time. here , sportsmail 's matt barlow casts his eye over the two teams ' performances at the emirates. arsenal -lrb- 4-2-3-1 -rrb-. david ospina - 6.5. no shots to save first half , although out smartly once or twice. made a flying save
it has been described as a ` maritime masterpiece '. the ` finest ' steam yacht in australia. originally named ena , the historic steam yacht was designed in 1900 and built the following year. and now it is on the market after having served in world war i and being salvaged after it sunk in 1981 , the property observer reports. this steam boat has been described as a maritime masterpiece. the finest steam yacht in australia. originally named ena , the historic steam yacht was designed in 1900 and built the following year. now it is on the market after having served in world war i
could these be the boots of a disembodied samurai soldier , lingering mysteriously behind this little girl ? a spooky dark visage that appears behind the child in this photograph has sparked online rumours of a ghost. this photograph was captured in kanagawa prefecture , japan - ` nearby some samurai tombs ' , apparently - late last year. the reddit user who posted it online - a friend of the photographer - insisted it was ` not photoshopped ' and that paranormal forces could be at work. ` i 'm not saying it 's anything - just that it looks an awful lot like disembodied boots and legs ... ' ` obiaruf ' told users. scroll down
a bus driver who was caught reading a newspaper while driving has been slammed by his boss as a ` complete idiot '. a passenger filmed the driver on a bus in auckland , new zealand , and sent the video to bus company ritchies coachlines along with a complaint. in the footage the driver can be seen flicking through pages of the newspaper while the bus is in motion. scroll down for video. a bus driver was caught reading a newspaper while driving in auckland , new zealand. as the bus slows to a stop at a set of traffic lights he moves his head
-lrb- cnn -rrb- i will always remember when things turned. i was 12 years old , and my younger sister and i were with our parents attending a peaceful demonstration in downtown miami near the courthouse. we were there to protest the acquittal of four police officers in the beating death of unarmed motorcyclist arthur mcduffie. i had learned the word `` acquittal '' just that day. it meant they would n't be held responsible. community leaders were gathered at the front , speaking to a crowd that was in shock and full of anger and despair. the trial had been covered extensively , and nobody could believe that the fatal beating
if you sometimes get the feeling that good manners are in short supply these days then take heart from the boy who sent a handwritten apology to a bookstore after being sick there -- and included a ben & jerry 's gift card. the boy , 14-year-old jack cordero , from portland , oregon , vomited all over the floor of a powell 's bookstore in the city in march. the manager said the mess was ` gigantic ' and had to clean it up , along with her assistant manager. good manners : jack cordero , from portland , wrote this sincere apology to staff at a bookstore after being sick. however , her spirits were raised when she
an archive of images showing the evolution of the easter egg over the past 40 years has been released in time for this year 's celebrations. archivists at confectionery giant nestle have assembled the compendium of photographs dating back as far as the 1970s to highlight how the traditional chocolate treats have changed over the years. and the images are bound to jog a few childhood memories of the vast array of easter eggs that the famed sweet makers have produced in the past. scroll down for video. who knew ? chewy sweets , tooty frooties , used to release easter eggs. this advert dates back to 1972. a
scotland youth international jack cosgrove has agreed to join edinburgh next season. the 20-year-old worcester warriors prop , capped nine times for the dark blues under 20s side , has penned a two-year deal with alan solomons ' side which ties him to the murrayfield outfit until may 2017. he said : ` i 'm over the moon to be coming north. with the club being in a european cup final , they 're really showing they 've got quality players and everyone is speaking very highly of edinburgh. scotland youth international jack cosgrove has agreed to join edinburgh next season on a two-year deal. the 20-year-old worcester warriors
-lrb- cnn -rrb- danny kahneman , my good friend and co-author who got a nobel prize in economics , once helped to run an experiment involving patients undergoing colonoscopies. one group received a mildly pleasurable experience at the end of the procedure ; the other group , which experienced the same type of colonoscopy , did not. it turns out that the group for whom things ended well had significantly more positive recollections of the whole affair from its beginning. the psychology of it is simple to understand : happy endings matter. even an unpleasant experience can lead to happy memories in hindsight if
parents craig and bonnie morgan want their children to have the best possible start in life. and like many others , they have come to believe that a private education is the best way to achieve it. but so desperate are they to get their son craig -- known to them as cj -- into a local prep school that they 've put their house on the market in order to pay the fees. and that 's not all. they 've also slashed their weekly grocery bills by more than half , taken in lodgers , and have pinned their hopes on a ` crowd-funding ' initiative , hoping members of the public will help them achieve their dream.
these days you can ditch hotels and stay in a real house just about anywhere in the world - find the one that best suits you with our guide. host with the most. the concept of a homestay holiday is that rather than renting an empty house or apartment , you stay at a reasonable cost in the home of your hosts. web-based company homestay.com lists options for single people , couples and families in cities , established holiday areas or farther afield. at best , homestays are offered by hosts who want to help you understand their country or district. we can
we 've all been there : you hear a catchy song and for days - or even weeks - on end you just ca n't get it out of your head. known as an earworm or brainworm , the effect has been studied before - but its cause , and how to get rid of it , is poorly understood. now researchers say they have an answer ; chewing gum after hearing a catchy song will help you think about it less often. reading scientists say chewing gum helps you forget a song. in a study people were less likely to think about it when chewing
the white house doubled down today on president barack obama 's earth day message that climate change is ' a problem now ' and knocked political figures who disagree with him as climate deniers and opportunists. ` the preponderance of scientific evidence is on the side of the president in making this argument. and the president believes that to deny the existence of climate change is to deny an observable fact that is substantiated by science , ' press secretary josh earnest said today after he was asked about a duke study that claimed the earth is n't heating up as quickly as expected. he then added , without any nudging , ` and there are some who are involved in politics that choose to deny that fact because it 's inconvenient
caroline wozniacki never doubted she would grace the courts of tennis ' grand slam tournaments even when she was a giggling schoolgirl just coming through the ranks. the former world no 1 shared a video of one of her first on court interviews as a youngster , accompanied by the caption : ' i made my schedule ahead of time. even as a 10/11 year old i was looking forward to roland garros #confidence #believe #impossibleisnothing '. in the clip , the young dane is seen thanking a succession of people for the ` good week ' she had at the youth tournament held on clay
nine britons -- four of them children -- were seized by turkish security forces last night as they tried to slip across the border to an islamic state stronghold in syria. the jihadists were caught as they made the final leg of their journey. the three men , two women and four children were detained by soldiers at a checkpoint in ogulpinar. it is believed the youngest of the four children is two and the eldest is 11. arrested : nine british nationals , three men , two women and four children , have been arrested trying to enter syria illegally , and are now in the custody of turkish officials -lrb- file picture -rrb-.
a canadian firm has given new meaning to the phrase ` beauty sleep ' by creating a pillowcase which is being touted as the latest way to keep wrinkles at bay. the $ 40 -lrb- # 26 -rrb- cloth cover - which comes with a lifetime guarantee - is said to hydrate the face and prevent lines while you sleep. and unlike a normal cotton pillowcase , which apparently sucks moisture from the skin , the wrinkle preventing pillowcase 's special blend of ` hydrophobic fibres ' keeps the complexion hydrated all night. the wrinkle preventing pillowcase has ' a blend
sitting with a set of felt-tip pens and a book full of black line drawings just waiting to be filled is most children 's idea of heaven. but now thanks to an illustrator and designer from tenby , west wales , colouring in is the latest stress-busting hobby for adults. millie marotta , 36 , is giving colouring books an adult twist with her sellout volume animal kingdom , filled with intricate and designs of animals filled with stylised flower shapes , patterns and shapes. scroll down for video. embellished elephant : millie marotta 's colouring book features an array of intricate designs , including this elephant. millie marotta , 36 , took eight months to complete the illustration in animal kingdom. the beautiful black and white book
it 's legal just one day a year , and this anzac day australians took advantage of the opportunity to play the century-old tradition of two-up in pubs and clubs all around the country. the game , which dates back to australia 's goldfields and the first recorded games are believed to have taken place in the late 1790s , made a resurgence as a way to pass time in the trenches. on saturday , as aussies commemorated the centenary of the landing at gallipoli , thousands of men and women took their chances with the coin game in the spirit of the diggers. after participating in dawn services and memorial services to remember the sacrifice and bravery of
by the time he reached 17 , there was no room for geoff johnson at home. his mother started compulsively hoarding when he was a young boy , refusing to trash anything ; unable to fix anything. in his senior year , 1995 , it was too much : he moved out. now , two decades later , he and his younger sister jennifer mcshea have returned to the family home in omaha , nebraska - and nothing has changed. geoff , 37 , had visited his mother but only stood outside before picking her up to spend time elsewhere. jennifer , also 37 , returned just twice , on the advice of her counselor , to confront the deeply-embedded shame she felt. but when their mother passed away following a 12-year battle with breast
it was the high point of their young careers. as silver confetti rained down , the chelsea players took their turn to lift the uefa youth league trophy towards the cloudless swiss sky. each was cheered to the echo by their team-mates and the crowd. their 3-2 victory over shakhtar donetsk in nyon meant another piece of silverware for the ever-expanding cabinet at chelsea 's academy. it will be seen there as affirmation of the superiority of the stamford bridge production line. they are the defending under 21 premier league champions and the holders of the fa youth cup , which they will put on the line against manchester city next week in their fifth final in six
the kidnapper who claims to have masterminded the gone girl kidnapping of denise huskins in california says he will turn himself in , but only if his co-conspirators are given immunity. in yet another email to the san francisco chronicle , the individuals wrote that police could accept this offer , or that he would ` go overseas and teach english ' or ` live off the grid and read books for the rest of my life. ' this came just one day after the group demanded an apology from the police for calling the entire incident a hoax. huskins , 29 , was allegedly snatched
this is n't your 1950s bubble gum and poodle skirts rock 'n roll. the viva las vegas rockabilly weekend - now in its 18th year - is a flashback to classic cars , vintage pinups , tiki drinks , tattoos and a fashion aesthetic that balances high heels with just as high hair. ` it 's good clean fun , with a hint of naughty , ' said tara o'hara of chicago. around 20,000 fans of the era gathered over the weekend for musical performances and car show off the strip at the orleans hotel and casino. scroll down for video. dressed to impress : in this april 5 photo women
tim sherwood 's jacket did not survive beyond the first 10 minutes and after this astonishing contest it remains to be seen if either of these sides fare much better. when aston villa 's animated manager threw his gilet to the ground in celebration at the sight of christian benteke 's first half equaliser , he probably rather hoped his players were man enough to remain in the barclays premier league after all. indeed when he then saw benteke convert the second of his three goals after 33 minutes , he may have felt his damning critique on monday had provoked exactly the response he was looking for. but the grit , desire and determination his forwards had demonstrated was lacking at the opposite
phillip schofield was left speechless today after a guest with tourette 's syndrome blurted out ` silver fox ' at him mid-interview. ellie grant , 22 , was appearing on itv 's this morning to discuss how she suddenly developed the condition - and how she had found love with fiance jordan - who is deaf. the pair hit the headlines earlier this year after being labelled the perfect match because whenever she becomes rowdy , he simply switches off his hearing aid. they appeared on today 's show to discuss how they met - and how they live with both of their conditions. but in the
as if playing in front of thousands of fans was n't nerve-wracking enough , one footballer decided to risk public humiliation by proposing to his girlfriend on the pitch after a russian premier league match. fc rostov defender ivan novoseltsev popped the question after his side 's 1-0 win against torpedo moscow on monday night , getting down on one knee at the olimp-2 stadium to ask katerina keyru to marry him. with his team-mates watching on and a camera in place to capture the moment on film , the russia international beamed as his basketball-playing partner said yes. video scroll down
rip up a piece of paper , and you can piece it back together. burn a book , and you could theoretically do the same. but send information into a black hole , and it 's lost forever -- or at least that 's what many physicists have been arguing for nearly half a decade. now , one scientist says this may not be true , and that interactions between particles emitted by a black hole can reveal information about what lies within. for nearly 40 years , physicists have argued that black holes suck in information and then evaporate without leaving behind any clues as to what they once contained. now , one scientist says this may
northampton 's maligned hit man is primed to go big-game hunting again with no intention of toning down his use of legitimate force in the wake of renewed criticism. courtney lawes arrived in france with the saints , ahead of the champions cup quarter-final against mighty clermont auvergne , carrying notoriety as excess baggage. his brutal tackle on france fly-half jules plisson at twickenham last month , in the six nations finale , angered the visitors to the extent that they tried to have him banned. while the match officials and citing officer deemed that no action was needed , the england lock has been derided as
looking after someone with dementia can stretch people to their limits , and there are many in this situation. in england alone , there are more than 670,000 unpaid carers helping someone with dementia. here , in the final week of our major good health series on dementia , we turn our attention to the carers and what can be done to make life easier for them and their loved ones ... scroll down for video. looking after someone with dementia can stretch people to their limits. here 's how to make life easier. what to expect. the early stages of the disease bring changes that may be so subtle that some friends and acquaintances are unaware that there is anything wrong - and this stage can continue for
it was the maths problem designed for 14-year-olds that baffled people around the world. for those who did not manage to work out the cryptic clues that were designed to lead them towards the fictional cheryl 's birthday , then the answer was july 16. those who were able to reason their way to this answer followed a series of logical steps that allowed them to rule out the other dates given as part of the question. the question , ` so when is cheryl 's birthday ? ' was one of 25 questions set in the singapore and asian schools math olympiad. at
this video captures the stomach-churning moment a physics teacher swings an axe into his co-worker 's genitals - in a disastrously misjudged class experiment. the nauseating footage was captured on a camera phone at a school in portland , oregon , and shows the well-built man lecturing a crowd of students before excitedly asking ` everybody ready ? '. the teacher then orders the class to give him a count as he hoists the axe up over his head and swings it directly into the unlucky fellow-teacher 's crotch - causing him to squirm violently on the floor. facing the axe :
kelly ripa has been grief stricken following the sad news that her friend , cosmetic surgeon dr fredric brandt , was found dead by suicide at his miami mansion on sunday. so it 's understandable that 44-year-old tv star was looking morose as she left her new york city apartment on tuesday. the live with kelly & michael co-host , who is usually seen smiling , wore a frown as she left the building alone. when appearing on her morning show she said , ` he was such a great man ... he was just a great person , a great friend ,
a cat who had been stuck in a wall at a cairo train station for five years has been freed at last. biso had squeezed into the hole in the wall at the mohamed naguib metro station as a kitten in 2010 - but then soon became to big to escape. he survived thanks to an elderly man named uncle abdo , who gave the trapped cat water and fed him scraps of food every day. scroll down for video. biso the cat , who was stuck behind a wall in a cairo train station for five years , has finally been freed. the cat survived thanks to an elderly man called
a native american woman has accused facebook of being discriminatory after she was prevented from continuing to use her unusual name on the social media platform. brenna happy cloud of salem , oregon , found herself locked out of her facebook account last week. for five days she received the same message every time she attempted to logged in. brenna happy cloud of salem , oregon , has accused facebook of discrimination after she was prevented from continuing to use her unusual name and was locked out of her account. with no access to her contacts , photos and messages , happy cloud admits it was a difficult time as she typically posts five or six
the baggage handler who woke up from a nap inside the cargo hold of a flying plane did not realize until a piece of luggage fell on top of him. alaska airlines flight 448 bound for los angeles was forced to return to seattle-tacoma international airport monday when passengers heard banging and pleas for help coming from beneath the aircraft. today , the unnamed seattle airport employee revealed he might have slept much longer if it had n't been for the passengers ' bags. he told abc news : ` when the bags started moving and i heard the sound of the engine
i am not vain , rich or brave enough to face plastic surgery , when my mother rang for her weekly chat and i was feeling ancient after spotting a new wrinkle , i probed her for beauty advice. if i was feeling old , she , with a nearly 40-year-old daughter , must be feeling ancient - yet she looked great. at 65 , she could easily pass for ten years younger. scroll down for video. sarah 's face was transformed after the exercises. she 's pictured before -lrb- left -rrb- and after -lrb- right -rrb-. ' i thank my genes ,
hillary clinton imposed a blanket of secrecy on her movements at the height of the monica lewinsky scandal and told aides they would be fired if she was seen , it is claimed. mrs clinton said that she wanted nobody to know when she was going to the pool apart from one usher who was to guide her there. there she would spend three and a half hours sitting on her own reading looking ` heartbroken ' , according to a new book. a new book has claimed that hillary clinton imposed a blanket of secrecy on her movements during the monica lewinsky scandal. the vivid account is written by kate andersen brower , a former white house correspondent for bloomberg
it has long been considered that a lie-flat bed is the only way to get a good night 's sleep on a plane. but boeing has issued a patent for a bizarre ` upright ' sleeping support system that could mean economy passengers can sleep on long-haul flights too. nicknamed the ` cuddle chair , ' the somewhat comical idea could revolutionise the plane sleeping experience by eliminating the need for reclining seats at all. boeing has just filed a patent for a ` transport vehicle upright sleep support system ' known as a ` cuddle chair ' it looks like a backpack and fastens to the back of the headrest to allow passengers to lean forward and rest their face and chest
-lrb- cnn -rrb- a u.s. citizen with alleged ties to al qaeda did not enter a plea during his initial court appearance thursday on charges of conspiring to provide material support to terrorists. muhanad mahmoud al farekh , 29 , was deported from pakistan to the united states. he 's accused of plotting to fight against american forces abroad , according to a complaint unsealed in u.s. district court for the eastern district of new york in brooklyn. `` this is news for celebration , '' said cnn counterterrorism analyst philip mudd. `` pretty simple reason why : if you look at a case like this , i think most americans would say the significance of this case is that this guy
rating :. what on earth makes us think the french do off-beat restaurants with rooms better than us ? they do n't. we are streets ahead when it comes to fetching up at a place like mistley and hoping to find somewhere decent to eat and sleep. very decent , in fact , here at the mistley thorn. and outstanding value. happiness on a plate : the mistley thorn has been around for ten years , and revels in an understated luxury. we are paying # 100 for two people , dinner , bed and breakfast. do the sums. dinner alone would usually be about # 60 ; breakfast at least a tenner each. so that means the room costs a mere # 20. i am almost embarrassed and seek clarification from a friendly young man called rowan ,
manny pacquiao has a better chance of beating floyd mayweather now than he did in 2010 , claims his trainer freddie roach. the pair came close to agreeing a big-money bout five years ago but it eventually fell through , leaving the boxing world waiting and wondering whether they would ever meet. but after half a decade of speculation , the pair will finally go head-to-head in las vegas on may 2 - and roach believes his man will have the advantage at the mgm grand. manny pacquiao poses with his family and author nik vujicic in a photo posted to his twitter account. floyd mayweather continues his training as
when ali maffucci got a deal to write a cooking and healthy lifestyle book , she quit her corporate job and began working from home. but while she was running the website and sharing healthy recipes with her readers , secretly she was n't practising what she preached. as the months ticked by , she piled on the pounds. but desperate to loser weight for the book 's photo shoot , she decided to try adopt a novel way to lose weight. miss maffucci made one simple change to her diet that helped her drop over 11 kg -lrb- 24 lbs -rrb- in just three months. for every meal , she substituted spiralized
it 's no secret that almost all dogs love water , but very few are making waves like these two border collies. one-year-old anna and six-year-old indi have been thrilling crowds at surfing competitions for dogs after taking to the sport like a duck to water. with the help of their owner , zane jones , the four-legged surfers use their low centre of gravity to keep them stable while hanging ten off the coast of queensland , australia. anna and indi , owned by 32-year-old zane jones , have been surfing since they were about 10 weeks old. zane , a 32-year-old search and rescue crewman , said : `
an 800lb woman , whose weight spiraled out of control after she was kidnapped by an ex-boyfriend and held hostage , finally stood up for the first time after years of being bound to her bed and taken care of by her three daughters. when viewers first met marla mccants , from nashville , tennessee , on last night 's season finale of my 600lb life , doctors determined that she was only months - maybe even weeks - from dying. and even after a lengthy hospital stay and gastric bypass surgery , the 43-year-old still refused to let medical professionals help her stand up -- and , in doing so , save her life. marla 's recovery seemed like a hopeless cause until it dawned on the mother-of-three that this was her last shot. if she did n't get up , she would spend
a university of iowa student has died nearly three months after a fall in rome in a suspected robbery attack in rome. andrew mogni , 20 , from glen ellyn , illinois , had only just arrived for a semester program in italy when the incident happened in january. he was flown back to chicago via air ambulance on march 20 , but he died on sunday. andrew mogni , 20 , from glen ellyn , illinois , a university of iowa student has died nearly three months after a fall in rome in a suspected robbery. he was taken to a medical facility in the chicago area , close to his family home in glen ellyn. he died on sunday at northwestern memorial hospital - medical
ronny deila agrees with gary teale 's claim that st mirren have one of the best pitches in the scottish premiership - but believes that is an indictment rather than a boast. the hoops boss criticised the playing surface at st mirren park following the hoops ' 2-0 scottish premiership win on friday night and said that artificial pitches would be an improvement at most of the grounds his team are asked to visit. buddies boss teale hit back , saying : ` it 's maybe a bit firm but it 's an excellent surface. tommy , our groundsman , wins ` pitch
denmark 's crown princess mary might have wowed in a succession of evening gowns last week but sunday was all about low-key family time for the australian-born royal. mary , 43 , treated her three youngest children , princess isabella , seven , and twins princess josephine and prince vincent , four , to a day out at a farm in kirke hyllinge , a village in zealand. making the most of the sunny weather , the quartet certainly appeared to be having fun , with all four crouching down to pet a tiny holstein friesian calf. scroll down for video. enjoying the sunshine : denmark 's crown princess mary and her daughters isabella and josephine. despite the potential for getting dirty
trevor noah has moved on to become a us tv star , and he left behind a stunning south african physiotherapist to pursue his american dream , the daily mail online can reveal. the new host of the daily show has separated from long term girlfriend dani gabriel after the pair had a heart to heart about his future plans. noah has known gabriel for at least four years and it 's believed they began dating early in 2014. the comedian quickly became smitten with the beautiful brunette and took her around the world to be by his side while on tour. but following behind-the-scenes talks earlier
the devastated parents of a 31-year-old australian nurse who died six days after giving birth to her second child have revealed how doctors once told them their daughter would n't even live to see her sixth birthday , let alone have her own children. anne-louise van den nieuwenhof was diagnosed with a rare bone and soft tissue cancer , called ewing 's sarcoma , aged just five , and her parents were informed she only had three months to live. incredibly anne-louise went on to defy all the odds against her , eventually moving to canada where she worked as a nurse and began raising her own family. however , she tragically died during a routine
a senior indonesian government official has praised the firing squad that executed bali nine pair andrew chan and myuran sukumaran. abc news reports that indonesian attorney-general h.m. prasetyo applauded chan and sukumaran 's executioners for their work. ` all shots were done perfectly. these executions were carried out smoothly and in order - much better than the first round of executions in january , ' he said. scroll down for video. indonesian attorney-general h.m. prasetyo -lrb- right -rrb- applauded chan and sukumaran 's executioners for the good job that they did. mr prasetyo -lrb- second right -rrb- said that ` all the shots were done perfectly ' at
aden , yemen -lrb- cnn -rrb- it did n't look like much , but we 'd been told it was typical of the kind of craft ferrying the route between djibouti and aden. better , everyone advised , to be low key , even if low key meant faded lights and three water pumps chugging at all times. the wooden vessel was called mecca -- after the holy city. we were told we 'd be at the port in aden by the next morning , but as the hours ticked by it soon became apparent that that was wildly optimistic. morning came and we were still only halfway there. we 'd been given a secure route , charted for us by the
britain 's leading pensions and savings expert will today be announced as a new conservative peer , who will appointed as minister for consumer protection if the party wins the election. dr ros altmann , a former treasury adviser who went on to head over-50s group saga , would take responsibility for protecting people from rip-off pension and mortgage charges. she would also be in charge of financial education and government policy to reward and encourage saving. dr ros altmann , pictured with david cameron at melbicks , a wyevale garden centre in birmingham , will today be announced as a new conservative peer. dr altmann will oversee the government 's pension reforms , which
there has been a lot of hype surrounding the april lunar eclipse as the moon is set to turn blood red this easter weekend. but in the lead up to the rare event tomorrow , the sydney observatory has been expressing their concerns over the bad weather forecast for the big night. so much so , they 're plans to regularly update keen spectators with phase process images have been thwarted due to cloudy conditions. and according to the bureau of meteorology , it wo n't be getting any better. a blood red moon lights up the sky during a total lunar eclipse at on october 8 , 2014 in australia. the next
actress jemima kirke has revealed details about her experience with abortion , admitting that she was forced to use up every penny of her savings in order to pay for the procedure. the 29-year-old actress made the admission in a newly-released psa for the center of reproductive rights , an organization which aims to advance reproductive freedom , in the hopes that her story will help to encourage women to be more open and honest about the taboo topic. ` in 2007 i became pregnant with my boyfriend at the time , ' she says in the video , which appears on the website for the center 's draw the line campaign. ` my life just was n't conducive to raising a happy
they are the easy-to-drink cocktails that come in pretty colours and sweet flavours. but do n't be fooled by their innocent appearance. these drinks often contain high amounts of alcohol and drinking too many of them can leave your head spinning ... or worse. scroll down for video. colourful cocktails are deceptively easy to drink but can sometimes contain vast quantities of alcohol. the zombie is a fruity cocktail made from three different types of rum , lime juice , falernum , angostura bitters , pernod , grenadine , cinnamon syrup and grapefruit juice. made with high-proof alcohol and hardly any mixers , these ten cocktails
tragic : john suchet -lrb- right -rrb- is in mourning after losing his wife bonnie following her decade-long battle with dementia. their relationship , he once said , was ` made in heaven '. yesterday john suchet was in mourning after losing his wife bonnie following her decade-long battle with dementia. a death notice in a national newspaper read : ` bonnie died peacefully on april 15 2015 aged 73. adored wife of john , devoted mother of alec and hereward , mother-in-law of peta-jane , grandmother of finn and alexa. ' the broadcaster declined to comment , stating it was a ` private family matter ' , but fans took to social networking site twitter to offer their condolences. classic fm presenter suchet , now 71 , has spoken openly about his wife 's diagnosis
with her sophisticated sense of style and age-defying good looks , dame helen mirren has never looked better. but the oscar-winning actress , who has won countless accolades for her talents , believes she was in her prime age-wise in the ` unfortunate ' 1970s , which , she says , was a ` horrible ' time for women. in an interview with times2 , the 69-year-old actress explained : ' i happened to hit the culture at a time that was worse than the f ****** 1940s or 1950s. it was horrible. ' scroll down for video. dame helen mirren , pictured last week
-lrb- cnn -rrb- it came a day early. baltimore investigators handed their files on freddie gray 's death over to prosecutors thursday , but the public should n't expect much. it 's largely a procedural step , and given the overtures from baltimore officials , the state 's attorney 's decision on whether to file charges against the six officers involved in the arrest will not be immediate. no reports will be made public , police commissioner anthony batts said , echoing an assertion he made last week that even after the prosecutors receive the files , the task force assigned to gray 's death will continue investigating. `` that
dion dublin made his presenting debut on monday morning as the former footballer co-hosted bbc television show homes under the hammer. the former aston villa frontman joined regular hosts martin roberts and lucy alexander for the popular property renovation series as he looked to help a brother and sister-in-law put some life into a three bedroom semi-detached house in dartford. ` great to be here. and as you know property can be incredibly rewarding but can throw up some unexpected surprises and we 've seen many of those on home under the hammer , ' said dublin following his introduction. dion dublin made his home under the hammer debut as a co-host on monday morning. the former footballer seemed to be in his element
atletico madrid and real madrid could n't be separated in the first leg of their champions league quarter-final showdown on tuesday. the two giants from the spanish capital played out a goalless draw , meaning all is left to play for in the second leg at the santiago bernabeu. here , sportsmail rates the players in the first leg of the champions league quarter-final at the vicente calderon. atletico madrid. jan oblak 9 - blocked everything in the first half as a wind-assisted real madrid looked like putting the tie beyond doubt in the first 45 minutes. had less to do in the second half but did it well. a man of the match
the oldest active pilot is a 95-year-old man living in cameron park , california. guinness world records has confirmed peter weber jr. 's feat , the sacramento bee reported. ` i 'm overwhelmed , ' weber told the newspaper. ` i 'm getting all kinds of phone calls , emails and all that stuff. ' pilot : the oldest active pilot is a 95-year-old peter weber jr. , it 's been revealed -lrb- march 2015 photo -rrb-. active : weber has said he flies ` at least twice a month. ' he also still has his driver 's license -lrb- march 2015 file photo -rrb-. the record was confirmed after weber proved he piloted a plane march 30 in placerville by mailing in multiple pieces of evidence ,
obock , djibouti -lrb- cnn -rrb- amina ali qassim is sitting with her youngest grandchild on her lap , wiping away tears with her headscarf. only a few months old , this is the baby girl whose ears she desperately tried to cover the night the aerial bombardment started. she lay awake , she says , in a village mosque on the yemeni island of birim , counting explosions as the baby cried. it could have been worse though. they could have still been in their house when the first missile landed. `` our neighbor shouted to my husband ` you have to leave , they 're coming. ' and we just ran.
a mother of three has been jailed for a year after conning a d-day veteran out of nearly # 10,000 and leaving him too traumatised to leave his home. beverley davis was supposed to be helping to care for 89-year-old former royal marine ray warren but tricked him into handing over his bank cards to steal # 9,164 over 42 transactions. her actions left elderly mr warren so devastated that he lay in bed at night worrying about money and even stopped going out. beverley davis , pictured , pleaded guilty of duping a royal marine war veteran out of almost # 10,000. the 35-year-old mother-of-three used ray warren 's bank cards to buy chinese takeaways , pay for
a british marathon runner has become the first blind athlete to complete the ` toughest footrace on earth ' , which saw him run almost 160 miles across the sahara desert. dave heeley , 57 , from west bromwich , ran the gruelling challenge over six days as he battled through sand dunes , dried river beds and rocks. the super-fit father-of-three , known affectionately by his friends as ` blind dave ' , took part in the marathon des sables where competitors carry provisions on their backs and temperatures can rise to 50 degrees. scroll down for video. dig in : dave
when she appeared on the first australian series of big brother in 2001 , she was known as the ` lipgloss queen '. but 14 years later jemma gawned , 40 , is the ` polar opposite ' of the person she was in her teens and early twenties. the byron bay-based woman now runs a wildly successful raw food empire , and insists that ` spreading the vibration of love through food ' is the key to her success. scroll down for video. jemma gawned , who appeared on the first season of the australian big brother in 2001 , now runs a wildly successful raw food empire called naked treaties. based in byron bay the naked treaties brand sells
-lrb- the hollywood reporter -rrb- roseanne barr has revealed that she is slowly going blind. in an interview with the daily beast , barr said she suffers from macular degeneration and glaucoma and told the website , `` my vision is closing in now. '' the comedic actress said smoking marijuana is `` good medicine '' for relieving the pressure in her eyes. tribeca 2015 : 9 must-see films. `` it 's something weird. but there are other weird things. that one 's harsh , 'cause i read a lot , and then i thought , ` well , i guess i could hire somebody to read for me
robert downey jr has helped raise more than # 1million for a british hospice by raffling off a date with himself to his latest film premiere. the ironman actor promised to fly a winner and a friend to los angeles to join him on the red carpet for the world premiere of marvel 's avengers : age of ultron. his offer - which also includes a gown or tuxedo fitting and a helicopter ride - was up for grabs via $ 10 -lrb- # 6.80 -rrb- raffle tickets and raised money for children 's hospice julia 's house. scroll down for video. robert downey jr has helped raise more than # 1million for british hospice
they came to see the great ap mccoy deliver the hollywood ending to his record-breaking career , but instead it was left to a jockey previously regarded as a popular journeyman to secure his place in aintree folklore by winning the crabbie 's grand national. having won last year 's race on pineau de re , 38-year-old leighton aspell , who once walked away from the sport for 18 months after becoming disillusioned , became the first rider since bryan marshall , who won on royal tan and early mist in 1953 and 1954 , to land the biggest jumps race
they 're the best of friends who work and play together , so it 's hardly surprising that gigi hadid has picked up some words of wisdom from kendall jenner. the 19-year-old model took inspiration from the keeping up with the kardashians star when it came to learning how to deal with negative feedback , particularly on social media. speaking to style.com , gigi said : ` from kendall i learned how to deal with the haters. she has a really good sense of when to stand up -lsb- on social media -rsb- and when to back off. ' scroll down for video. gigi hadid has
a bitter family feud has erupted between. national front leader marine le pen and her father jean-marie after she accused him of committing ` political suicide. ' ms le pen has blocked her father 's return to the party following accusations that he was trying to sabotage her party 's efforts to move into the. political mainstream with a recent raft of controversial comments. tensions had escalated last week after the 86-year-old founder of the far-right party defended his previous comments describing nazi gas chambers as a ` detail of history '. scroll down for video. marine le pen -lrb- left -rrb- has accused her father -lrb- right -rrb- of trying to sabotage
a nine-year-old girl was attacked by a lion that was being walked like a dog by circus entertainers who had brought their show to a quiet siberian village. the girl is in hospital after she was savaged by the animal in namtsy , in the sakha republic in siberia - one of the coldest regions in the world. photographs show the lion being walked around by a worker for a circus that had been visiting the village. a lion that appeared to be being walked like a dog around the siberian village of namtsy attacked a child. in one picture an entertainer crouches down next to the lion , surrounded by snow. in another she is shown walking the animal and appears to
the pictures show a caring sister helping her brother with his coat , giving him a kiss , and tenderly holding his hand as they play together. but while the scene looks idyllic , it is tinged with sadness , as joel wilkinson has a muscle wasting disease meaning he will eventually be left in a wheelchair and his life will be cut short. the three-year-old , from hull , was diagnosed with duchenne muscular dystrophy just six months ago after his parents , emma , 33 , and chris , 36 , noticed he was struggling to develop and learn
the florida man who piloted. a small gyrocopter past washington , dc , landmarks last. week said he fully expected to be intercepted. before landing on the west lawn of the us capitol. douglas mark hughes , 61 , created a security scare when he violated national airspace and has prompted a full-scale security review in washington. hughes , a us postal service mail carrier ,. described his flight upon arriving home in ruskin , florida ,. early on sunday. scroll down for video. doug hughes , 61 , spoke from his home in ruskin , florida , afre he arrived for house arrest before
the family of an illinois man slain during a botched robbery say they fear for their lives after the killer escaped from jail earlier week after beating a guard unconscious and stealing his uniform and suv. as the manhunt continues , nelson williams sr. of kankakee , says he is worried that 23-year-old kamron taylor , the man convicted of his son nelson jr 's murder , might attack him. ` as i go home every night , i figure he might ambush me like he did my son , ' he told wls-tv on thursday. in a courthouse outburst in february , taylor threatened the family minutes after hearing the guilty verdict. williams , 48 , says taylor shouted , ` i 'm going to get you mother *******. ' scroll down for video. in fear
dead fish have continued to wash up on the banks of a rio de janeiro lake that is scheduled to hold olympic rowing competitions during the 2016 games. fish die-offs are a frequent occurrence in rio 's waterways , which are choked with raw sewage and rubbish. the latest incident , affecting thousands of small silvery fish called twaite shad , began several days ago at the rodrigo de freitas lake , where the olympic canoeing and rowing events are to be held. the rodrigo de freitas lagoon will hold the brazil 2016 olympics rowing and canoe competitions. currently , the lake is littered with thousands of dead fish due to the raw sewage and rubbish within it. with neighbors complaining about
fit or quit ? smartphone health apps have been accused of ` fuelling anxiety ' they 're designed to make it easier for you to get healthy. but in fact mobile health apps are ` fuelling anxiety ' and ` eroding people 's sense of wellbeing ' , warns a senior gp. the ` untested and unscientific ' apps cause stress by making us worry that we are abnormal or unhealthy , says dr des spence. popular apps include myfitnesspal and apple 's health app , which is automatically installed on the latest apple smartphones. but dr spence warned that newer apps that monitor your heart rate , blood pressure and blood oxygen levels could be causing unnecessary worry without providing any benefit. ` the truth is that
floyd mayweather vs manny pacquiao tickets are the hottest property in town. only 500 were on general sale with the rest distributed by the fighters , promoters , television networks showtime and hbo and the mgm grand. one fan , ade adebayo , 34 , from brighton was lucky enough to get hold of a ticket when they were released last week and here he tells us his story and his hopes for the fight. i booked the trip to las vegas back on december 13. one of my friends , toby , was convinced the fight was going to happen and we needed to book it before it was announced and the prices sky-rocketed. so
a 51-year-old mother fought off an intruder after finding him standing over her young daughter. fiona , 51 , said she knew the assailant had ` picked the wrong lady ' as she became overwhelmed with maternal instincts and pushed him from her perth home on thursday night. ' i said , ` it 's all right , stay there ' and i rushed him , ' she told nine news. scroll down for video. 51-year-old fiona fought off an intruder after finding him standing over her young daughter on thursday night. she said seeing her child in danger gave her a boost
-lrb- cnn -rrb- as the great kate wait of 2015 drags on , giving a whole new meaning to kate 's somewhat unfair noughties nickname , `` waity katie , '' bets on the arrival of a new baby a girl continue to be placed at a feverish rate. as of today , 70 % of those laying down their hard earned cash are convinced the world is on the verge of welcoming a new princess. i suspect different parties are hoping for a girl for different reasons. based on the so called `` kate effect '' and subsequent `` george effect , '' the great british high street is no doubt salivating at the prospect of
may is a magical month , and there are a host of events to help you enjoy it to the full. here katie rowe explores just some of them. east lancashire railway 's award-winning 1940s weekend is a highlight in many a vintage enthusiast 's calendar. lancashire 's wartime weekend. pull on your glad rags and be transported back to wartime britain over the late may bank holiday weekend. east lancashire railway 's award-winning 1940s weekend is a highlight in many a vintage enthusiast 's calendar , and this year 's event is expected to be the best yet with more activities than ever. spot captain mainwaring lookalikes in the battle re-enactments , do your best lindy hop to the sounds
it 's a sight that draws giggles and curious stares from tourists and other first-timers -- an unusual festival where revellers carry gigantic phalluses through the streets of a japanese city. but for the residents of kawasaki , who lug erotic shapes of all different sizes , this odd tradition is not a joke. shinto kanamara matsuri started as a small tradition but has grown into a popular a tourist attraction , with participants praying to a god of fertility , child birth and protection from sexually transmitted infections. participants carry a gigantic phallus through the streets of kawasaki , japan during the shinto kanamara
a teenager set herself on fire after allegedly being raped by five men from her village in india -- and her family reportedly told her to keep quiet about the attack. the 14-year-old is now fighting for her life in delhi 's safdarjung hospital with 70 per cent burns. she was allegedly gang-raped on sunday when she went outside her house in kosi kalan , in uttar pradesh 's mathura district , to relieve herself. scroll down for video. a teenager set herself on fire after allegedly being raped by five men from her village in india. she is now recovering in delhi 's safdarjung hospital -lrb- pictured -rrb-. she was allegedly gang-raped on sunday when she went outside her house in kosi kalan , in uttar
tony mccoy gave a bumper crowd what they were hoping for as he steered jezki to a thumping victory in the grade one aintree hurdle. having been out of luck with his opening three rides -- the closest he got was third place in the betfred bowl on holywell -- mccoy broke his duck on the jessica harrington-trained gelding. his task was made a little more straightforward than it might have been , as arctic fire -- the favourite , ridden by ruby walsh -- took a crashing fall at the final flight when poised to challenge jezki. ap mccoy claimed victory in the aintree hurdles as he rode jezki -lrb-
-lrb- cnn -rrb- anthony ray hinton is thankful to be free after nearly 30 years on alabama 's death row for murders he says he did n't commit. and incredulous that it took so long. hinton , 58 , looked up , took in the sunshine and thanked god and his lawyers friday morning outside the county jail in birmingham , minutes after taking his first steps as a free man since 1985. he spoke of unjustly losing three decades of his life , under fear of execution , for something he did n't do. `` all they had to do was to test the gun , but when you think you 're high and mighty and you 're above the law , you do n't have to answer
nurses forced to work 12-hour shifts amid staff shortages are treated like ` slave labour ' , a union has claimed. with a growing demand for nurses to work long hours , unison has called for more research into the effects of workers ' health. at the union 's healthcare conference in liverpool this week , one member highlighted how staff at a hospital in staffordshire are expected to work six long days a week , totalling up to 78 hours a week. jane smith told colleagues : ` the fact staff are so tired has a detrimental effect on patient care and -lrb- also -rrb- puts other staff at risk. ' nurses working 12-hour shifts amid staffing shortages in the nhs
a wife has told how she has put her husband on a lifelong sex ban and tracks his every move , after discovering he had cheated on her after taking a lie detector test. despite his infidelity , haley and kev mulholland still share a house in bristol , though mr mulholland has to sleep on the living room sofa. the mother-of-eight says that while she does not want her husband , she does not want any other woman to have him either. haley mulholland became suspicious husband kevin was having an affair after reading his facebook page. mrs mulholland monitors her husband 's movements , checks his phone and even sniffs him to see if she can
amazon has pulled a controversial computer game where players are encouraged to feed a cartoon character battling anorexia. the game is based on children 's favourite whack-a-mole but instead of hitting the mole with a mallet players are invited to throw food a the cartoon girl. it was marketed by smarttouch media and sold on the amazon and android platforms until it was withdrawn following a string of angry complaints. rescue the anorexia girl was available to download on amazon until they removed it following complaints. if the player misses the girl , she starts to lose weight until she eventually dies. according to the game 's instructions , which have now been withdrawn :
a vietnam war veteran in utah has said he 's surprised over the reason for the denial of his request for a personalized license plate commemorating the year he was wounded and awarded a purple heart. arnold breitenbach of st. george wanted to get ` cib-69 ' put on a license plate , the spectrum newspaper of st. george reported. that would have commemorated both breitenbach getting the purple heart in 1969 and his combat infantryman 's badge , according to the newspaper. service : vietnam veteran arnold breitenbach of st. george wanted to get ` cib-69 ' put on a license plate. the utah dmv denied his request , citing state regulations prohibiting the use of
across the globe , more than 42 million children under the age of five are overweight or obese. and the rising tide of obesity extends into adulthood with 1.9 billion adults worldwide overweight , 600 million of which are classified as obese. but with experts desperately trying to find the answer , a poignant debate rages. should fast food and sugary drink companies be allowed to advertise their junk food to children ? should tv ads promoting unhealthy food and drink be banned until the watershed , or wiped out altogether to save adults ' waistlines too ? a recent survey by the british heart foundation showed two fifths of parents are badgered by their children each week to buy food after seeing it advertised on tv , prompting the charity to deliver a 30,000 strong petition
padding such a long way back was a tall order for a little lapdog with stumpy legs. so when alfie the yorkshire terrier was dumped by thieves 120 miles from his home , he found a novel way to bring about a snappy rescue. with great presence of mind -- or luck -- he dashed into a deserted country lane just as an rspca van drove by. reunited : alfie the yorkshire terrier -lrb- with owner kirsty mitton , right -rrb- - who travelled from wednesbury , west midlands , to buckinghamshire to pick him up after he was rescued the rspca inspector stephanie law
-lrb- cnn -rrb- this is a difficult but necessary thing to say : incidents of police-involved killings and assaults on unarmed african-americans are unlikely to end soon. that 's partly because police brutality is neither new nor reflective of a `` moment. '' and it 's also because we have not yet shown the resolve needed to end it. this is a reality we must face if we are going to reverse course from what has become a national crisis. the peaceful protests that were followed by outbreaks of violence in baltimore this week have underscored the danger of ignoring the crisis -- as frustration and impatience with the status quo boils over. the violent response of police officers to unarmed african-americans is a decades-long phenomenon that has too often been dismissed as `` race card
he was once the most fearsome competitor in all of sport , infamous for his prickly nature towards rivals and single-minded pursuit of victory. but the tiger woods who has turned up to augusta national this year is different. very different. earlier this week we were treated to the sight of woods embracing darren clarke on the practice ground. europe 's ryder cup captain is an old pal of tiger 's so that was unusual , but understandable. so too was the sight of him sharing a hearty laugh with his old mucker , mark o'meara. but dancing ? yes , tiger woods dancing. forget unusual , that is almost alarming. scroll down for video of tiger woods dancing while practising. tiger woods was spotted dancing while he practised on monday at augusta national. the former world no 1 had headphones in both
-lrb- cnn -rrb- they took yarmouk by storm , a sea of masked men flooding into the streets of one the world 's most beleaguered places. besieged and bombed by syrian forces for more than two years , the desperate residents of this palestinian refugee camp near damascus awoke in early april to a new , even more terrifying reality -- isis militants seizing yarmouk after defeating several militia groups operating in the area. `` they slaughtered them in the streets , '' one yarmouk resident , who asked not to be named , told cnn. `` they -lrb- caught -rrb- three people and killed them in the street , in front of people. the islamic state is now in control
a wall street banker raped an irish student in a ` disgusting , violent attack ' because he was determined to have sex on his birthday , a court heard on wednesday. jason lee forced himself on the 20-year-old in a bathroom and told her to ` shut the f *** up ' so her friends in the next room would not hear. the assault ended when the girl kneed him in the groin and staggered out in such a ` hysterical ' state she was unable to talk. lee tried to downplay the incident and said it was ` no big deal ' and dismissively told the first police officer on the
january , it is said , is a bad time to do business. either prices are inflated or you 're picking up problem players other clubs do n't want. this year , it seems , has proved no different. big-money buys have struggled to impact , while loan signings , too , have not had the desired effect. here , sportsmail looks at five winter-window arrivals who have disappointed for their new employers ... juan cuardrado arrived at chelsea for # 23m from fiorentina but has failed to impress at stamford bridge. juan cuadrado -lrb- chelsea -rrb-. for a fee in the region of # 23m and arriving from fiorentina with a reputation bloated by his impressive performance for
four-month-old baby evan summerfield , who died from meningitis , just hours after laughing for the very first time. a family have been left devastated after their four-month-old baby died from meningitis just 12 hours after laughing for the very first time. evan summerfield from devon had just learned how to giggle and take his dummy out by himself but just hours later he was fighting for his life. the youngster had woken from a nap with a rash stretching from his head to his belly-button. and when his great-grandmother carried out the ` glass test ' , she saw that it did n't fade under pressure. he was rushed to derriford hospital in
-lrb- cnn -rrb- whether a patient is in the hospital for an organ transplant , an appendectomy or to have a baby , one complaint is common : the gown. you know the one. it might as well have been stitched together with paper towels and duct tape , and it usually leaves the wearer 's behind hanging out. `` you 're at the hospital because something 's wrong with you -- you 're vulnerable -- then you get to wear the most vulnerable garment ever invented to make the whole experience that much worse , '' said ted streuli , who lives in edmond , okla. , and has had to wear hospital gowns on multiple occasions. put another way : `` they are horrible. they are demeaning. they are belittling. they are disempowering , ''
from deep craters to basaltic plains , the varied surface of the moon has been revealed in stunning detail by the us geological survey. the two sets of maps , compiled by cartographer trent hare , include image mosaics and topographical views of the lunar landscape taken over a period of four years. the grey and white areas reveal higher peaks , while darker blues show deep craters. to the left of these craters , is oceanus procellarum , which is latin for ` ocean of storms '. the two sets of maps include image mosaics -lrb- right -rrb- and topographical views -lrb- right
an ohio woman has spoken out in a reddit q&a about why she and her catholic husband made the painful decision to have a legal abortion at 23 weeks. when the couple learned that their unborn daughter had a chromosomal defect ` incompatible with life outside the womb ' , they decided that terminating the pregnancy was the best course of action. ' i am pro-choice because i am pro-life , ' the woman , who has chosen to remain anonymous , said. ` my little girl would never have -lsb- had -rsb- a life , and attempting to give her that could take mine away in the process. ' sad decision : after an amniocentesis , the ohio
a married couple who thought they would never be able to have children are celebrating after welcoming triplets - born three years apart thanks to ivf. denise and glen higgs , from braunton , devon , had all but lost hope that they would ever be able to conceive after glen was made infertile due to cancer treatment. but using his frozen sperm , doctors successfully created eight embryos through ivf fertility treatment and the couple had a daughter mazy , born three years ago. louise and glen higgs with daughter mazy , aged three and newborns carson alan -lrb- left -rrb- and carter
-lrb- cnn -rrb- tuesday is equal pay day , the fictitious holiday marked by progressive women 's groups as the point in the year women would have to work to make up for `` lost '' wages as a result of the so-called wage gap. in the wake of hillary clinton 's presidential announcement , the `` holiday '' has special meaning. clinton 's election will no doubt center on women voters , and the democratic women 's agenda centers on pay equity and fairness in the workplace. here 's the thing : that 77-cent wage gap statistic is grossly overstated. it 's a comparison of averages -- comparing full-time working women with full-time working men -- that does n't control for any of the important factors that go into determining one 's salary such as education , profession , title , time
this is the moment police in texas turn ranchers as they determinedly try to herd a stray buffalo. dashcam footage shows the officers using their patrol vehicles to steer the one ton bison off the road and back to his farm near the city of round rock. as they beep their horns the animal , named big boy , continues to run along the sidewalk but at one point he veers in front of the police car and over to the other side of the road. despite the detour , the buffalo made it home safely free of injury. his owner , 79-year-old joe don kotrla-chipps , told fox news that big boy has got into
there ca n't always be a tv camera rolling when the big news happens - and saturday night live has taken network news to task for how they paper over the cracks. the nbc sketch show parodied the daytime cnn newsroom , which turned into a series of let-downs when it emerged there was no footage for the stories they were covering. but the ingenious producers for the skit managed to cover up with abysmal animations to illustrate the germanwings crash , u.s.-iran diplomacy , and domestic politics. scroll down for video. cutting edge : snl writers joked that cnn 's animations look like they belong in 1985.
when most of us get caught in the rain , it 's not a pretty sight. but , as their latest campaign proves , when you 're a victoria 's secret angel , it 's a far more glamorous affair. candice swanepoel , elsa hosk and jasmine tookes , three of the brand 's most celebrated postergirls , don see-through macs , glossy blow-dries and push-up bras in the lingerie giant 's new campaign. elsa hosk , candice swanepoel and jasmine tookes are the stars of victoria 's secret 's latest lingerie campaign to promote the brand 's dream angels range. candice leads the glamour by guiding her fellow supermodels through an
if you were spellbound by the death-defying adventures of katniss everdeen , you will be very excited by the news that a hunger games theme park is in the planning. and fans could have the chance to experience katniss ' life as soon as next year , with the attraction expected to open in october 2016. but those looking to wield their bows and act as tribute will have to travel to dubai for the chance to emulate the mockingjay. hopefully the dubai theme park will have safety measures in place for guests - unlike katniss ' experience in the arena in hunger games. the four million square foot motiongate
miami -lrb- cnn -rrb- inside a plane at miami international airport , baggage handlers are going on a shopping spree with passengers ' bags. what they do n't know is that they are being recorded on a hidden camera. the miami-dade police department set up the camera as part of an ongoing police investigation into luggage thefts by the very airport workers who are supposed to get bags safely onto planes. email your story ideas and tips to cnntips@cnn.com. `` it 's a problem we all face , '' said police lt. pete estis. `` we will continue to be proactive until we can see that the claims of pilfering through luggage will actually
-lrb- cnn -rrb- living under isis. selling girl scout cookies. and giving some lip -- like kylie jenner. these are the best videos of the week. in the west , isis is widely known for its terrorist actions. but for some communities , the group is the local governing authority , picking up garbage and directing traffic. cnn 's atika shubert explains how isis functions as a state. the video is at the top of this story. it 's an annual tradition : girl scouts sell cookies -- and , in the millions , we buy them. but is this the best way for them to
the apple watch version one , with its much-hyped unbreakable sapphire screen and hundreds of apps , may not be all that it 's cracked up to be and has been labelled ' a waste of money ' by some of australia 's tech experts. with the wait almost over , release date for the whiz-bang time-piece is set down for april 24 , the price comparison website finder.com.au suggests , if you have n't already pre-ordered , you might be better off waiting until next year for the second generation apple watch. ` if you want an apple watch battery that lasts longer than a day , better apps and gps , you might be better off waiting
for a self-professed champion of women 's rights , espn sports reporter britt mchenry has a funny way of showing it. the 28-year-old has been suspended from the network for a week after being caught on camera telling a parking lot attendant she should ` lose some weight , baby girl ' , adding ` i 'm on television and you 're in a f -- ing trailer , honey '. but according to her blog , the former model is dedicated to helping women feel ` comfortable in their own skin '. in a self-aggrandizing rant , mchenry tells her readers she is ` taking a stand ' against ` sexist ' commercials that focus on ` appearance alone '.
first blood to united after their under 18s saw off city 1-0 in the ` mini-derby '. kits aside , this was probably as far removed from sunday 's big match as you could imagine. for a start , no less than 13 out of the 22 players on show at kick-off were english. of those , 10 were mancunian. callum gribbin was the matchwinner for manchester united with a delightful free-kick. ticket prices ? entry was free and close to 1,000 gathered on the seats and terraces of moss lane for a match that kicked off at 3pm on saturday with half-and-half scarves nowhere to be seen. altrincham 's compact
her mom moves on the dance floor have been well-documented over the years , thanks to her lets move ! program. but on thursday night , to celebrate the fifth anniversary of her fight against childhood obesity , michelle obama once again busted some moves , this time on the tonight show starring jimmy fallon. in a segment called the evolution of mom dancing part 2 , the pair partnered up once again to show off some self-made maneuvers to a cover of i like the way you move. it was a follow-up routine to a similar jaunt they did in 2013 , in an attempt to inspire parents to get out and get moving with their kids. lets
as the worst weather in five years continues to whip nsw , some savvy social media users have taken to snapchat to share their rainy day adventures. from a boat parked between two cars by someone who ` knew what was coming ' to a man making the most of the wind by using his umbrella as a sail while he skateboards down the street , sydneysiders are still managing to see the funny side of the storm. snapchat 's sydney story - a compilation of videos people in the area have posted in the last day - also shows the soaking conditions endured by the cronulla sharks and south sydney rabbitohs. scroll down for
britt mchenry is back to work. the disgraced espn sports reporter has been suspended for a week since footage emerged showing her unleash a vicious verbal attack on a single mother-of-three at a towing firm. her car had been towed from the parking lot of a chinese restaurant in virginia , where she left it overnight on easter weekend. when she picked it up , infuriated , she resorted to insulting the employee 's looks , intelligence , and social status. but despite viewers ' calls for harsher punishment , the network has reinstated the 28-year-old to her role with a spot on sportscenter this weekend. confirming the news to sports illustrated , senior coordinating producer seth markman said : ` she knows she
four men have been moved out of intensive care after suspected drug overdoses during a party cruise on sydney harbour , possibly due to a dangerous strain of ecstasy pills known as ` blue scissors '. the men - two 21-year-olds and a 25 and 22-year-old - collapsed on the vessel on good friday , forcing it to dock near the opera house. they were rushed to st vincent 's hospital. police said heir condition was critical overnight but they are now stable. on friday afternoon , about 800 partygoers poured off the bella vista boat after the party came to an end. four men are believed to have suffered from drug overdoses during a party cruise on sydney harbour , possibly due to a dangerous strain of ecstasy pills known as ` blue scissors ' one man is suspected of taking up to
a pit crew member was hit by a car on sunday during the inaugural indycar grand prix of louisiana. todd phillips , a front-outside tire changer for dayle coyne racing , was injuried when he was struck by the car of francesco dracone , who had come in on lap 25 for tires and fuel. dracone spun while exiting his put box , clipping phillips ' leg. tire changer todd phillips , a front-outside tire changer for dayle coyne racing , was injuried when he was struck by the car of francesco dracone , who had come in on lap 25 for tires and fuel. phillips was taken to the infield care center for treatment where he has
a long island mother and daughter who went missing last month have been found safe and well in new york city 's upper west side neighborhood. iona costello , 51 , and daughter emily were recognized by the front desk manager of the hotel they were staying at on sunday , it was reported. they were found at 3am by nypd officers and are in good health , officials said. police said they now consider the case to be closed. it came after more details emerged of the colorful background of mrs costello 's late husband 's family , who were in dispute with her
we take more photos of ourselves than ever - but it seems selfies are doing little for our self-confidence. women typically take and delete five pictures before settling on a selfie they feel comfortable posting online , a survey found. and men are happy only on their fourth try. the new survey found women typically take and delete five pictures before they decide they like a selfie. ukip leader nigel farage poses with some young voters while out canvasing in broadstairs. the survey , carried out by onepoll , found men are also guilty of taking multiple selfies before they post one they like. two in three women -lrb- 64 per cent -rrb- feel anxious just having their photo taken
latika bourke had a blissfully happy childhood running around care-fee with her seven siblings in their backyard in regional australia. although she was adopted from india along with two of her siblings , it never occurred to her that she should explore her origins in india , where she was born before being adopted and starting a new life in the lucky country as an eight month old baby. but that all changed when she watched the movie slumdog millionaire and realised how profoundly different her life would have been if her new parents did n't take her in their arms and change her life forever. the film was nothing short of life-changing for latika and led her to a fulfilling spiritual journey back to where it all began in an orphanage in the
some people like to run with a dog as a companion , while others use a ` smart ' accessory to keep track of the progress they 've made. but now a team of researchers has devised a new jogging buddy - a drone that flies with you to keep you company. and they claim robotic companions could be used for a variety of other physical activities such as cycling , cross-country skiing and rowing. scroll down for video. australian researchers have tested their drone running companion. called joggobot -lrb- shown -rrb- it is designed to float in front of jogger when they run. the technology could allow it to track the speed and direction
for more than 2,000 years , invaders have been fighting over glorious kefalonia. romans , the kingdom of naples , the venetian republic , the ottoman empire , the french , british and , during the second world war , the italians and germans have all left their mark. fortunately , the present settlers - the greeks themselves and the odd expat - have stoutly resisted the encroachment of mass tourism. so instead of fast-food restaurants you will find charming family-run tavernas that make this island a foodie heaven. great forests of pines , cypress and cedars still sweep down the steep hillsides , often ending in cliffs of chalk as white as those at
a merry widow from edinburgh who loves to party the night away dancing on tables admits her lifestyle is a far cry from her own grandparents. pat ingles , 69 , remembers her grandmother sitting by the fire knitting in a pinny and slippers. in comparison , the retired hairdresser , prefers to dress up in kinky outfits and go out drinking until the early hours. pat , 69 , pictured left in her police woman fancy dress outfit , enjoys pole dancing with friend julia , 67 , right. ' i really enjoy myself , i party hard , ' she admitted on the channel 5 show oaps behaving badly. ' i
time to change : business mogul jack welch has called for an end to the college hierarchy that has caused education to become cripplingly expensive. business mogul jack welch has called for an end to the college hierarchy that has caused higher education to become cripplingly expensive. speaking to dailymail.com ceo jon steinberg , the former head of general electric insisted that it 's time to cut out expensive and needless middle management. he said : ` if you look at education today there are deans , there are associate deans , there are assistants to the associate deans. there 's hierarchy beyond belief. ` why should these lazy professors hang out getting fat on money while kids are going broke
green party leader natalie bennett has been forced to distance herself from a bizarre online site run by her boyfriend. jim jepps used a blog called the daily maybe to defend ` rape fantasies ' , describe paedophiles as ` complex human beings ' and question why teachers who have relationships with pupils are put on the sex offenders register. the couple met five years ago when ms bennett contacted him to correct something he had written about her , but now the green party stresses they do not ` want to be associated ' with his internet rants. scroll down for video. green party leader natalie bennett has distanced herself from the bizarre blog posts of her boyfriend jim jepps , insisting
i see usain bolt on the circuit and he 's always good fun. he likes to make jokes of me ! i remember in moscow , at the last world championships , when i was competing in the 200m when most people saw me as a 100m runner , he killed me in the warmup. ` what are you doing ? ' he asked me. ` this is for the 200m runners -- the 100m was a few days ago. you missed it. ' i told him i was doing the 200m. ` why ? he asked again. i said i wanted to try it. he was winding me up. it was helping me relax , actually. it
northampton will await expert opinion before deciding when george north will next play after confirming the wales wing will miss saturday 's european champions cup quarter-final at clermont auvergne after his latest head injury. north has been knocked unconscious three times in recent months , including in last friday 's 52-30 win over wasps , and was on wednesday being assessed by a neurologist. ` we wo n't play him at the weekend , ' saints director of rugby jim mallinder said. george north lies motionless on the franklin 's gardens turf after being knocked out against wasps. ` clearly he had a nasty knock. he did get knocked unconscious
realtors in indianapolis are looking to unload what 's likely the midwestern city 's gaudiest and most famous home -- a 26,000-square-foot castle built of ranch homes glued together by a former pimp turned construction king. for a meager $ 862,000 , its gargoyles , endless balconies and ornate fountains can be yours with which to carry on the eccentric torch of quirky indy celebrity jerry a. hostetler. it sprang from inimitable hostetler 's imagination after he went from 24-year-old pimp known to police as mr. big to a local mini-magnate. now , as it sits largely unoccupied , it 's a cause for both concern and
-lrb- cnn -rrb- a high temperature of 63.5 degrees fahrenheit might sound like a pleasant day in early spring -- unless you 're in antarctica. the chilly continent recorded the temperature -lrb- 15.5 degrees celsius -rrb- on march 24 , possibly the highest ever recorded on antarctica , according to the weather underground. the temperature was recorded at argentina 's esperanza base on the northern tip of the antarctica peninsula , according to cnn affiliate wtnh. -lrb- note to map lovers : the argentine base is not geographically part of the south american continent. -rrb-. the world meteorological organization , a specialized united nations agency , is in the process of setting up an international ad-hoc committee of about 10 blue-ribbon climatologists and meteorologists to begin collecting relevant evidence , said randy cerveny , the agency 's lead rapporteur of weather and climate extremes and arizona state university professor of geographical
a prank video featuring a young girls dressed up as a vampire scaring late-night wanderers in a park in southern ukraine is spreading on social media. the video , filmed in moon park , odessa , sees film-makers hide in the bushes while the ` vampire girl ' preys on unsuspecting passers-by. the young girl dressed in a white , bloodstained nightgown , waits until concerned locals walk up towards her before screaming , causing them to run off in terror. pranked : the video sees a ` vampire girl ' prey on unsuspecting late-night walkers in odessa , ukraine. in other scenes she spotted singing a hauntingly horrifying melody , feasting on a fake carcass or chasing
cate mcgregor was surprised when she was unconditionally backed by the cricket community and the australian army. but it was tony abbott 's response to her transformation from man to woman that knocked her for six. it took less than an hour for the federal liberal leader to call ms mcgregor after she forwarded the chapter of her book that outed her. ms mcgregor recalled that very moment - during her address to the national press club on wednesday - when the prime minister told her ` it was okay '. ' i actually said to him `` your party wo n't be thrilled about this '' , ' she said , the abc reports. however the senior military official did not express the same kind of appraisal when it
-lrb- cnn -rrb- it was a busy week for trending stories. if you were n't online much , here 's some of the best of what you missed :. after the new york area received a large amount of rain , four rainbows appeared to stretch across the early morning sky on tuesday. amanda curtis , ceo of a fashion company , snapped the lucky shot. in rural china , hiring exotic dancers to perform at wakes is an increasingly common practice. until now. families will have to find a new way to cheer up mourners , because the strippers are the latest focus of the country 's crackdown on
the superstitious will know -- or perhaps those who have seen alfred hitchcock 's classic film the birds -- that a bird in the house is a bad omen and one that is said to equate to death. so a family in texas would be forgiven for being slightly put out about the fact that their home became infested with them. according to the video maker , who returns home with the other people in the clip to find the infestation , the birds came in through the chimney. the video maker stated that he initially thought the intruders were bats but now believes them to be sparrows. capturing them on camera
eden hazard has been the best player in the premier league all season and on saturday he demonstrated just how much he has grown as a player and how important he has been to chelsea 's imminent title victory. he is now the player you look to in a crisis. he is the man who has been eking out wins when the team has n't been at its best. he did it last week at queens park rangers , winning the ball from the goalkeeper 's kick and driving into the box to set up cesc fabregas , and he did it on saturday with his finish. he 's dragging them over the line at the minute. you wondered when jose mourinho came in whether hazard would
internationally renowned design duo becky cooper and bridget yorston - aka bec and bridge - unveiled their highly anticipated new swimwear line on the catwalk at mercedes-benz fashion week australia on monday. following a preview lunch on sunday , attendees at the carriageworks in sydney were treated to a parade of models in skimpy bikinis and one-piece suits. animal prints and metallics feature heavily in the collection. scroll down for video. jungle fever : a model wears a leopard-print bikini with gladiator sandals at bec and bridge show at mercedes-benz fashion week australia. gold glamazons : the bec and bridge models
it was set as a maths problem , aimed at testing the logical reasoning skills of 14-year-olds in singapore. but the question went viral after people across the world were left completely baffled. the problem , which tests logical reasoning , has been shared thousands of times online as people have tried to pose their best explanations of what at first appears to be an impossible question. a maths question set for 14-year-olds has left people across the world baffled as they try to solve the puzzle. the test was set for 14-year-olds in the singapore and asian schools math olympiad.
lydia ko shot a 2-over 74 on saturday in the ana inspiration , her second straight over-par round after tying the lpga tour record for consecutive rounds under par at 29. a day after hitting into the water and bogeying the 18th for a 73 , ko made an 8-foot birdie putt on the par-5 hole to keep another long streak going. the 17-year-old new zealander has had at least one birdie in all 187 of her rounds in 49 career events on the tour. ` it always some statistic that is going to get my tail , ' ko said about the birdie
what do you get when you cross a mango and a plum ? the answer is the latest tropical fruit to go on sale in the uk , nicknamed the ` plango '. marks & spencer is stocking the bouea macrophylla -- or mango plum -- after years of work with specialist growers in thailand. marks & spencer is stocking the bouea macrophylla -lrb- pictured -rrb- -- or mango plum -- after years of work with specialist growers in thailand. it has been nicknamed the plango and it is expected to be a big hit. the fruit has a bright orange edible skin , which is firmer than
house leaders have reached a bipartisan compromise on a bill that would end the national security agency 's controversial collection of american phone records , but the measure faces an uncertain future in the senate. the house judiciary committee on thursday overwhelmingly passed the latest version of a bill known as the usa freedom act by a bipartisan vote of 25 to 2. the measure seeks to codify president barack obama 's proposal to end the nsa 's collection of domestic calling records. it would allow the agency to request certain records held by the telephone companies under a court order in terrorism investigations. the authority to collect those
the omens are looking good. after taking the big race on the opening day of the grand national festival , ap mccoy repeated the trick on don cossack to the delight of a huge ladies ' day crowd. mccoy , who will ride hot favourite shutthefrontdoor in the crabbie 's grand national on saturday , struck on day one in the doom bar aintree hurdle with jezki. if the trend continues , mccoy will be celebrating another victory in the biggest race of all. and if he wanted a further sign that the cards are falling in his favour , the last time he won the melling chase -- on alberta 's run in 2010 -- he followed up the next day in the grand national on do n't push it. ap mccoy
a new kansas law tells poor families that they ca n't use cash assistance from the state to attend concerts , go swimming , visit theme parks or buy lingerie. the list of do n'ts runs to several dozen items. more than 20 other states have such lists. but , the one included by the republican-dominated kansas legislature in a bill that gop gov. sam brownback planned to sign thursday appears to be the most exhaustive , according to state department for children and families officials. the taxpayer-funded temporary assistance for needy families program , currently provides cash payments of up to $ 497 per month for a family of four. to qualify that family must have an
we 're used to reading about construction projects springing up in china at lightning speed -- but things do n't always go according to plan. sometimes stubborn house owners get in the way , as these incredible images show. these are the ` nail ' houses in china left standing after their owners refused to give in to property developers vying for their demolition. homes such as these in china are known as ` dingzihu ' or ` nail houses ' because they stick out and are difficult to remove , like a stubborn nail. scroll down for video. last house standing : a car stops beside a house in the middle
a senior high school teacher from anshun city has been dubbed the ` luckiest wife in china ' after her soldier husband cooked her enough food to last for a year before he returned to service. the woman , named only as ms zhao , lives in a house bursting with frozen dishes and snacks. husband yin yunfeng spent the last week of his annual holiday making all sorts of stir-fried dishes as well as about 1,000 dumplings as a way to show his love to his wife , according to thepeople 's daily online. treasure chest : ms zhao has enough food to last for a year prepared by her
-lrb- cnn -rrb- how would you get your nation 's president to hear you out ? put your name and number on a mango and hit him in the head with it ? no ? then you 're not marleni olivo , who did exactly that , and in return is getting the new apartment she was asking for , said venezuelan president nicolas maduro. olivo , 54 , saw her opportunity when maduro visited anzoategui , the state where she lives. maduro , a former bus driver , drove a bus to a rally wednesday where he was meeting with supporters. the president had the window open , the better to greet people attending the rally. olivo had written a message on a mango -- `` if you can , call me ,
for residents of celoron , n.y. , the statue of hometown icon lucile ball is no laughing matter and has n't been for the past six years. in 2009 the town unveiled a statue of ball with a face so unlike the beloved comedian that locals have reacted with shock and horror. the depiction is so unflattering a facebook page called ` we love lucy ! get rid of this statue ' has attracted more than 600 likes. scroll down for video. for residents of celoron , n.y. , say a statue of hometown icon lucile ball is ` monstrous ' the statue is based
vowing to cling on : liberal democrats leader nick clegg makes a speech during a general election campaign visit to sutton in south london yesterday. nick clegg yesterday vowed to cling on as liberal democrat leader even if the party is wiped out at the polls. friends of the deputy prime minister have previously indicated that he will quit as leader if the lib dems are reduced to fewer than 30 mps , while sources have also suggested he will go if the party is left out of power after the election. but yesterday he insisted he would fight for his job ` in all circumstances '. he
it is the facebook update everyone hates to read , but we all love posting. and now that status update about jetting off on holiday is set to be even easier after virgin atlantic announced it would allow each passenger one facebook login for free so they can post an update from 35,000 ft. the #skyhighselfie is one of the unusual extras being offered on the airline 's dreamliner 787 routes , alongside mood lighting to help with jetlag , windows that can be darkened with a touch of a button and full length windows in the toilets. scroll down for video. all guests on the new virgin 787 dreamliner routes will be able
a 21-year-old man has been charged with second-degree murder after allegedly shooting dead his fiancée at their minnesota home on easter morning while holding their baby daughter in his arms. dimitri harrell reportedly pulled out his gun and pointed it at 19-year-old samirria white after they started arguing over his ` infidelity ' in the bedroom of their st paul apartment at around 3.40 am. carrying the couple 's three-month-old child , he then shot miss white in the face at close range , according to police. when medics arrived at the scene , they pronounced the young mother dead. now , harrell , who later admitted to having stored his handgun under his daughter 's mattress , has
onlookers have described the horrifying moment they saw a surfer being mauled by a ` monster ' great white shark on south australia 's west coast. the man has been identified by the adelaide advertiser as chris blowes. the 26-year-old is currently fighting for his life in hospital. mr blowes was surfing about 350 metres offshore near right point on the south-western side of fishery bay in port lincoln national park , when he was attacked at 9.45 am on saturday. mr blowes was out in the surf with about a dozen others when she ` massive ' shark struck. shocked witnesses recall seeing what they believed
a couple who were told their severely disabled baby may die within hours of being born are celebrating her first birthday. when sonia morales was pregnant , her daughter angela was diagnosed with anencephaly , a birth defect in which babies are born without parts of their brain and skull. but sonia and her husband rony , who live in providence , rhode island , decided to ` keep her no matter what. ' a couple who were told their severely disabled baby may die within hours of being born are celebrating her first birthday. pictured : sonia and her husband rony , with elizabeth , four , and angela , now one. elizabeth with her little sister. angela has anencephaly , a birth
all eyes were on her when she hosted the mtv movie awards earlier this month , and amy schumer could n't help but steal some of the spotlight from infamous media-hoggers kim kardashian and kanye west at the time 100 gala on tuesday. the funny girl pretended to trip and fall in front of the couple , collapsing in a heap on the red carpet - and kimye was not amused. the three were just a few of the big names who turned out for the annual event held at jazz at lincoln center in new york city. such a spectacle : amy schumer pretended to trip and fall in
she was chained inside cleveland 's ` house of horrors ' for almost 10 years - the longest of the three women who were kidnapped , imprisoned and abused by ariel castro. but michelle knight , who appeared at the cleveland rape crisis center 's faces of change luncheon on wednesday , refuses to be considered a victim. ' i do n't want my heart to be chained to the situations that i went through , ' she told the crowd of 1,200 people. ' i want to overcome and flourish and rise above all that. ' scroll down for videos. no victim : michelle knight , seen here appearing at at the cleveland rape crisis center 's faces
last week she was barely showing -- but demelza poldark is now the proud mother to the show 's latest addition. within ten minutes of tomorrow night 's episode , fans will see aidan turner 's dashing ross poldark gaze lovingly at his new baby daughter. as sunday night 's latest heartthrob , women across the country have voiced their longing to settle down with the brooding cornish gentleman -- but unfortunately it seems as if his heart is well and truly off the market. scroll down for video. last week she was barely showing -- but demelza poldark is now the proud mother to
ethan czahor -lrb- pictured -rrb- has launched ` clear ' which removes any posts that might cause you problems with your current or future employer. a former aide to jeb bush who was fired for offensive tweets has developed an app that lets you scrub embarrassing messages from the social network. ethan czahor has launched ` clear ' which removes any posts that might cause you problems with your current or future employer. users can search for keywords such as ` gay ' , ` black ' or swear words and the program deletes any tweet that mentions them. mr czahor said hoped the app would ensure others do not suffer the same fate as he did. in february , mr czahor was fired from his job
nothing will stop russia from hosting the best world cup in the tournament 's history in 2018 , fifa president sepp blatter said on a visit to one of the host venues sochi on monday. ' i am a happy and proud president. i am proud that russia is getting ready to host the world cup , ' blatter told the tass news agency from the southern russian city. ' a lot of this is happening thanks to president vladimir putin , but also due to the sports minister -lrb- vitaly -rrb- mutko and -lrb- alexei -rrb- sorokin -lrb- ceo of the local organising committee -rrb-. they are a true team and have a wonderful working relationship. '
spring. the season that brings with it ` the sweet smell of different flowers in odor and in hue '. william shakespeare once wrote. try telling that to apparent cold-blooded manchester city stars yaya toure , sergio aguero , martin demichelis and eliaquim mangala , who chose to pull on their woolies for april 's blockbuster manchester derby in front of an unforgiving old trafford crowd ; unusually late for this time of year. admittedly temperatures in the north west on sunday afternoon were not exactly soaring - hitting between six and eight degrees celsius by the time of the 4pm kick off
everton 's steven pienaar has admitted he considered retirement as frustration took its toll during his injury-ravaged season. the influential 33-year-old midfielder pienaar has been dogged by groin and knee injuries this season limiting him to just 11 appearances. he returned to action from his latest setback in the 1-1 draw with swansea city earlier this month but muscle fatigue ruled him out of the win over burnley last weekend. everton midfielder steven pienaar is held back by swansea 's ki sung-yueng at the liberty stadium. pienaar said : ` at one stage , i thought i had better just hang my boots up and call it a day but on the other side i was just thinking that i enjoy going in and
tim howard joined everton in the community 's medicash powered wheelchair football team for a training session at croxteth sports centre last week. the toffees goalkeeper met players from the team currently sitting third in the wfa national league in the championship division and was provided with his own wheelchair. the u.s international joined in with some short skills and shooting practice with the team before taking his place in goal for a short game. tim howard joined everton in the community 's powered wheelchair football team for a training session. the everton goalkeeper was provided with his own wheelchair and joined in with some shooting practice. speaking after the visit , howard said : ` i 've
-lrb- cnn -rrb- if that was a tornado , it was one monster of one. luckily , so far it looks like no one was hurt. with tornadoes touching down near dallas on sunday , ryan shepard snapped a photo of a black cloud formation reaching down to the ground. he said it was a tornado. it would n't be an exaggeration to say it looked half a mile wide. more like a mile , said jamie moore , head of emergency management in johnson county , texas. it could have been one the national weather service warned about in a tweet as severe thunderstorms drenched the area , causing street flooding. `` to
shannen hussein may just have one of the largest collections of pets in australia , not that she really considers them animals. the 21-year-old lives who on a 30-acre farm in rockbank , 34 kilometres north-west of melbourne , has spent her life hand-raising animals of all shapes and sizes. but her pets are often captured behaving like humans , from her lamb winter who loves to jump on the bed to her bearded dragon who can understand the english language. thanks to this ms hussein 's collection of creatures have become somewhat of an internet sensation. the young woman said she has always taken photos and recorded videos of her 150 pets , but since a clip of winter bouncing down her hallway
-lrb- cnn -rrb- looting , fires and violence descended on baltimore. like most who know and love that city , i was heartbroken. i was once a cop in baltimore. police , trying to save their city last weekend , were blamed both for doing too little and for doing too much. the ghetto , and i 'm talking class and not race , was on full display by monday. the whole nation saw beautiful baltimore at its worst. the protests started in response to the death of freddie gray in police hands. we still do n't know what happened to freddie gray. something bad happened. there 's an investigation. maybe the investigation should be
it seems that 2014 was a very , very good year to be discovery communications ceo david zaslav. in a securities and exchange commission filing from friday , it was revealed that zaslav was compensated an unbelievable $ 156.1 million last year. this amount , thanks to the success of television events like shark week , shows like the once popular here comes honey boo boo and his running of networks like own , makes him one of the highest paid television executives. scroll down for video. david zaslav -lrb- above -rrb- was compensated $ 156.1 million for his role as ceo of discovery communications it was
-lrb- cnn -rrb- `` sell all that you own and distribute the money to the poor , and you will have treasure in heaven ; then come , follow me , '' jesus tells the rich man in one of his best-known parables. it was a mantra he invoked repeatedly : the poor were blessed , and it was easier for a camel to pass through the eye of a needle than it was for the well-to-do to enter paradise. meanwhile , jesus told his twelve apostles to leave their day jobs and follow him on an itinerant mission with few prospects
most people give up chocolate for lent but one businesswoman decided to use her 40 days to change the lives of others - after almost losing her own. triathlete charlotte roach , 26 , from london , who nearly died in a horror crash , gave up ordinary clothes for lent to raise money for the charity that saved her life. along with her business partner rosemary pringle , 28 , the pair vowed to sport only fancy dress costumes for 40 days to fundraise for london 's air ambulance. charlotte roach and her business partner rosemary pringle dressed up in different costumes for every day of lent to raise money for the air ambulance service which saved charlotte after she was involved in car accident in 2010. the two
police have dropped an investigation into a vicious assault on a huntsman just three months after it took place -- despite a wealth of evidence pointing to the identity of a suspected attacker. last night the victim , mike lane , 40 , who was beaten by balaclava-clad protesters armed with iron bars on ropes , condemned the decision by police as ` pathetic '. he said : ` they could have made more effort. everyone is very disappointed. i 've been told that unless further evidence comes forward , the attackers are not likely to be found. we find it pathetic. ' attack : mike lane ,40 , who is joint master of the tedworth hunt , on the
one direction star niall horan has led the tributes to bbc broadcaster colin bloomfield who has died from skin cancer , aged just 33. bloomfield , who worked at bbc radio derby for 10 years as a presenter , reporter and derby county commentator , died at a hospice near his hometown of shrewsbury yesterday morning. fellow broadcasters have paid tribute to the ` perfect colleague ' and ` consummate professional ' whose positive outlook on life made him such a popular figure. and derby county supporter niall horan , who is one quarter of boyband one direction , has also
the father of jules bianchi , the formula one driver who sustained a severe head injury when he crashed into a recovery vehicle at the japanese grand prix in october 2014 , has spoken about his son 's condition. philippe bianchi explained to nice-matin , a newspaper in france , that the marussia driver is still in a coma but is ` fighting fiercely ' and his condition is stable. ` every day , jules is running a marathon. all of his organs are working without assistance. but , for now , he remains unconscious , ' philippe bianchi said. ` he 's moving forward. so we hope for a new
with a net worth of # 260million , hollywood power couple brad pitt and angelina jolie are in no danger of having to endure a night at the holiday inn. as one of the most famous duos in the world , it 's not surprising the globe-trotting pair have expensive tastes. there have even been reports that brangelina , and their six children , have shut down whole hotel floors and chartering entire trains for a bit of privacy. but the couple , whose combined salary comes from starring in over seventy box office hits , often opt for surprisingly low key accommodation , affordable for mere mortals like the rest of us. scroll down for video.
nick gunn : he had affairs with women on his rounds. a councillor who stabbed his wife nine times with a kitchen knife after discovering her affair with the postman was yesterday found guilty of attempted murder. joseph o'riordan , 76 , left his wife mandy , 47 , with life-threatening injuries to the chest , torso and back after flying into a rage over her infidelity. but today it can be revealed that her married postman lover , nick gunn , 41 , had previous affairs with women on his rounds. while his wife last night refused to discuss her unfaithful husband , a former girlfriend revealed their relationship ended
everyone 's a winner. good news for all the struggling low-paid pros who made it to the masters. the green jackets took pity on them by announcing a 10 per cent increase in prizemoney for this year 's tournament. the winner 's share of the $ 10million pot worked out at # 1.23 m in our currency. anyone who made the cut was guaranteed # 17,000. jordan spieth collected # 1.23 million for winning the masters - as well as the coveted green jacket. poulter 's purple patch. ian poulter improved on his previous best masters finish by shooting a second straight 67 for a share of sixth. wearing a loud purple number ,
stevie mccrorie has been crowned the winner of the voice uk 2015 , after beating fellow contestant lucy o'byrne in the final. now mentor ricky wilson , his fellow celebrity judges rita ora , tom jones and will.i.am , and most of all bosses at the bbc will all have their fingers crossed for his success. because it 's not just a hit single stevie needs , he also has to break the curse of previous winners who have failed to do anything but flop out of the charts. scroll down for video. can this year 's the voice uk champion stevie mccrorie break the winners ' curse ? his mentor ricky wilson is confident stevie could be just what the bbc needs to pull
jailed : kevin franklin married his new wife in the italian alps while his 80-year-old victim was forced to borrow money from his children because he could not afford any milk. a conman has been jailed for stealing a pensioner 's entire # 401,000 life savings and using it to finance his dream wedding and honeymoon. kevin franklin married his new wife in the italian alps while his 80-year-old victim was forced to borrow money from his children because he could not afford any milk , a court heard. the 58-year-old siphoned off the # 400,001 fortune over an eight-year period but when he was finally arrested he told police : ' i played him. ' he was jailed for four-and-a-half years at warwick
premier league stars including steven gerrard , theo walcott and phil jones could face an advertising watchdog probe they plugged an adidas sale on twitter. manchester city 's david silva and everton 's phil jagielka were also among around a dozen players sponsored by the firm who urged millions of followers to buy the knock-down goods. this comes amid mounting concern that celebrities and sports stars are cashing in by turning twitter into an advertising platform. the players posted messages within minutes of each other yesterday , with arsenal forward walcott tweeting : ` for 25 hours you can get 25 % discount on adidas.co.uk if you use ` friendsoftheo '. ' premier league stars including
it 's said eating slowly helps bring the taste and texture of foods to the foreground. but cooper the labrador certainly does n't care about being a culinary connoisseur , as a new video shows. katie gallegos from clackamas county , oregon , decided to take the pooch to a mcdonald 's drive-thru for an ice cream with his pal daisy. but while the small female pup takes a few ladylike licks , cooper gobbles the rest of the cone up in one bite. gallegos , who runs dogpatch resort , says that cooper always eats very quickly. therefore , she always makes sure daisy gets her fill first before offering the meal on. to date the
a man tragically ran over his granddaughter friday morning as he moved his truck in the driveway. in what is being described as a horrific accident , 20-month-old kendra moad of kearns , utah followed her grandfather , who has not been named , out of the house as he pulled his truck forward so he could move some garbage cans. he did not however see the toddler in front of his truck and killed her. scroll down for video. kendra moad -lrb- above -rrb- of kearns , utah followed her grandfather out of the house friday morning and into the driveway. he did not see the toddler and ran her over as he pulled his truck up in the driveway -lrb- above -rrb- to move the trash cans and ran over and killed the 20-month-old. ` he got into the red chevy pickup truck parked
it 's hot or not time again as ian ladyman reveals what 's been making him feel warm this week and what 's been leaving him cold inside. shivnarine chanderpaul and steve davis remain heroic despite their advancing years but what is the point of formula one ? hot. fc porto. bored of flags on seats ? try capes on seats. the portuguese club 's slaying of bayern munich was achieved against a backdrop of fans draped in co-ordinated blue and white. does this mean that the visitors ' lumbering defender dante became the first footballer ever to ` lose the ball in the background
a dramatic confrontation between an alleged army impostor and a bystander in florida has been caught on video. eric coins , who was drinking in the city of sunrise posted the video to youtube accusing the man of wearing the uniform to get free drinks and meet women. the stand-off between the two men almost comes to blows as coins tells the man : ` there are people who f ****** die in that uniform. ' in the footage , a young man is seen on camera asking the alleged fake service member , a series of questions including where he did his basic and boot camp training. the man apparently says
an eastern long island widow and her 14-year-old have been missing for almost three weeks after a trip to new york city to see a play. iona costello , 51 , and her daughter emily , from greenport , were going into the city when they were last seen on march 30 near their home in the the wealthy seaside village. their car was found in a parking garage on 42nd street in manhattan , but the pair , who often went into the city for theater and art museums , left no other trace of their whereabouts. iona costello , 51 -lrb- right -rrb- and her 14-year-old daughter emily -lrb- left -rrb- have been missing for almost three weeks after last being seen on march 30 near their home in the wealthy seaside
steve clarke admits his reading side require the ` perfect ' performance to stand any chance of beating arsenal -- but concedes he has yet to see that from one of his teams during his managerial career. reading have struggled in the championship this campaign whereas arsene wenger 's side are the in-form side in the premier league going into their fa cup semi-final at wembley on saturday. ` there 's only the pressure that we put ourselves under to play the perfect game and make no mistakes , ' said clarke. steve clarke insists his reading side must be ` perfect ' to have any chance of beating arsenal at wembley. ` we must make sure that
jose mourinho had placed the barclays premier league 's joint-top goalscorer on standby for this match , insisting he would only turn to diego costa if absolutely necessary. as it turned out , the emergency glass needed to be broken. the # 32million striker was required to stop chelsea squandering the opportunity to open a seven-point advantage over their title rivals. yet all they got was 11 minutes before costa was forced off with a recurrence of the hamstring injury that ruled him out of the international break with spain. chelsea striker diego costa limped off with a hamstring injury shortly after coming on at the interval. will he be out for a week , a month , two months , maybe more ? ` it 's too early ,
bracing skegness is one of the most popular places in britain to own a holiday home , according to new figures out today. the lincolnshire resort , famous for its giant butlin 's holiday camp and sprawling caravan parks , joins picturesque places such as st ives and windermere in the top ten league of towns for holiday property. billy butlin located his first holiday park at skegness in 1936 and it still attracts 400,000 visitors a year. a railway poster promoting the town once famously boasted ` skegness is so bracing '. popular : skegness -lrb- pictured -rrb- is one of the most popular
manchester city 's problems are not confined to the barclays premier league. over the pond , new york city fc manager jason kreis is finding life increasingly difficult following a patchy start to the season which continued on thursday night as philadelphia union snatched a late draw in a match which had been bossed for long periods by the men in sky blue. the pressure has n't reached manuel pellegrini proportions. it 's too early for that. new york city fc 's mehdi ballouchy opened the scoring before his side were pegged back. yet kreis and nycfc will be under no
having gone all the way to last year 's wimbledon final eugenie bouchard has shown she knows how to handle etiquette , including the anachronistic task of having to curtsey. yet something as straightforward as a sporting handshake at a low-key draw ceremony , before representing canada in a fed cup match at the weekend , seems to be beyond her. her refusal to shake hands with romanian opponent alexandra dulgheru turned out to be the precursor of a dreadful few days for the world no 7. it beings to symbolise a season fast unravelling for last year 's shooting star of the women 's game. eugenie bouchard was mocked at home and abroad over the handshake controversy. bouchard refused to shake the hand
this is the chilling moment a mysterious hairless creature chews its way through a steel cage. the description for the unsettling video - uploaded to youtube last week by raymond yeung -- claims it was captured in the shenzhen reservoir in china 's sand bay. the clawed creature - which some say is a rare bear - can be seen aggressively biting through the cage with a visibly bleeding mouth before ripping the metal wire apart with its limbs. the vision has fuelled heated debates around the species of the ambiguous beast , with a string of different accounts coming to light. the dsiturbing video shows a mystery clawed creature biting through a steel cage with
women and vanity have always gone hand in hand. indeed , archaeologists have been known to find the remains of bodies clutching make-up , beauty tools in graves and detailed beauty manuals from bygone times. while they may not have had vampire facials , cellulite cream and contouring kits at their disposal , the women of ancient history had some fascinating methods for beautifying themselves. the women of ancient history , including mary queen of scots , who washed herself in white wine , had some fascinating methods for beautifying themselves. cleopatra , for one , had some interesting methods and even
kathmandu , nepal -lrb- cnn -rrb- kathmandu is a city with few good stories right now , but tanka maya sitoula has one of them. the 40-year-old mother-of-four was at home when saturday 's deadly 7.8-magnitude earthquake struck , bringing the 5-story building down around her ground floor apartment. in the wake of the disaster , which has left at least 4,500 people dead across nepal , sitoula endured 36 long hours trapped in a room on the ground floor , before she was freed by an indian rescue team. remarkably , she escaped without injury , apparently protected by a beam. sitoula , who talked to cnn through an interpreter , says
technology may have advanced in leaps and bounds , but when it comes to our most precious papers , it turns out many of us remain creatures of habit. a third of adults shun the storage possibilities of the internet and still keep their most important papers in a shoebox , a poll has found. ten per cent are even more relaxed about treasured photos , letters and mementos -- leaving them lying around in piles of paperwork. a third of adults shun the storage possibilities of the internet and still keep their most important papers in a shoebox , the poll by online file-sharing service lifetile found. from a marriage certificate to deeds to a
being crammed into cattle class is one of the most dreadful experiences for travellers , but aeroplane seats of the future are poised to make it a little more enjoyable. designers around the world are creating economy and premium economy seats that are comfier and provide more legroom , and some of them have radical changes from today 's chairs. but passengers should n't expect any instant relief -- these seats with reclining backrests , innovative armrests and ergonomic designs are still a few years off -- and there 's nothing they can do to stop a crying baby or noisy sleeper. crawley-based acro aircraft seating recently unveiled the design for its new premium economy seat. acro 's ` series 7 ' seat has hand-stitched leather armrests , an aluminium chassis and composite
a man has made the infamous shepherds pie-trifle combination of custard , jam and meat immortalised in popular tv show friends. on the show hapless character rachel decided to treat her loved ones to what she mistakenly thought was ' a traditional english trifle ' layered with all the trimmings - including ladyfingers , jam , custard , beef sautéed with peas and onions , a little more custard , bananas and some whipped cream. now one brave mancunian has whipped up their own version of the unusual concoction - replacing the beef with the far more traditional lamb. scroll down
-lrb- hln -rrb- hln 's #meforreal is an uplifting , revealing conversation about the way we present ourselves online. we want to see the real parts of life , the ones that
president barack. obama and cuban president raul castro shook hands last night ahead of a historic meeting which may see cuba declassified as a state sponsor of terrorism. the two leaders , who clasped hands yesterday at a brief meeting , are both attending the summit of the americas in panama. the gesture of friendships is an outward symbol of obama 's project to thaw diplomatic relations with cuba , which have been frozen since the 1960s. the white house has set expectations for a ` substantive ' exchange between castro , brother of revolutionary leader fidel , and obama today. speculation is high that a result of the exchange could be the official removal of cuba from the state department 's list of state
not a day goes by that 14-year-old jonathan pitre does n't scream in pain. born with epidermolysis bullosa - or ` butterfly skin ' - his body is covered with deep blistering wounds that will never heal. holding cutlery to eat is incredibly difficult. bathing is excruciating. scroll down for video. struggle : born with epidermolysis bullosa , jonathan is covered with deep blistering wounds that wo n't heal. pain : he must be bathed and bandaged every day. his skin is as fragile as a butterfly 's wing. team work : jonathan , 14 , said he could not get through life without his mother tina who carries
as california struggles with a devastating drought , huge amounts of water are mysteriously vanishing from the sacramento-san joaquin delta -- and the prime suspects are farmers whose families have tilled fertile soil there for generations. a state investigation was launched following complaints from two large agencies that supply water to arid farmland in the central valley and to millions of residents as far south as san diego. delta farmers do n't deny using as much water as they need. but they say they 're not stealing it because their history of living at the water 's edge gives them that right. still , they have been asked to report how much water they 're pumping and to prove their legal rights to it.
family and friends of man shot dead by police last month are in shock after a billboard featuring the officer who pulled the trigger was erected in kenosham , wisconsin. aaron siler , 26 , was fatally shot after he ` armed himself with a weapon ' after being confronted by officer pablo torres on march 14. torres is currently on leave pending the outcome of the investigation into the deadly shooting. in the meantime a billboard , paid for by the kenosha professional police association , has been erected featuring a photograph of torres and his dog. ` thank you for
manny pacquiao will be wearing the world 's most expensive shorts when he takes the ring at the mgm grand garden arena with floyd mayweather on may 2. the richest fight of all time , said to be worth $ 300m and then some to those involved , is raking in the big bucks with the money streams certainly not limited to tv rights and ticket sales. the pacman 's shorts alone will carry sponsorship logos worth a total of $ 2.25 m -lrb- # 1.5 m -rrb- , reports the manila bulletin. manny pacquiao , working out here with trainer freddie
this is the hilarious moment a man performs a musical toast at his sister 's wedding to welcome his new brother-in-law to the family. amanda beringer asked her brother brad fraser to make a toast at her wedding at eagle bay , south of perth , over the weekend in place of their father who passed away. far from a conventional toast , mr fraser performed a song which poked fun at the burdens of marriage. scroll down for video. amanda beringer asked her brother brad fraser to make a toast at her wedding at eagle bay , south of perth. ` well it 's done now , you ca n't turn back. you 're legally binded
in a hurry : katrina maddox , 23 , with baby edward , who was born in the back of an ambulance. in an unusual twist of fate , described as a ` million to one shot ' , a young mother has given birth in the back of an ambulance for the second time in as many years after her baby boy was born on the same stretch of busy main road as his brother. katrina maddox , 23 , pulled off the double against all the odds after having baby edward on the way to hospital in the early hours of last thursday. her second little boy came
a cheeky monkey was captured on camera snatching a banana from a female tourist before slapping her gopro when she got too close. filmed in the thai town of kanchanaburi , the monkey approaches the woman , who holds a banana , with its outstretched hands. grabbing it in both hands , the monkey takes a small bite before pulling it from its skin , which he leaves with the lady. removing her hand from the shot , the lady can be heard laughing as the greedy monkey begins tucking into the banana while its friends sit around and watch. moving in for a closer look , the woman leans forward and the monkey copies her by
why would you spend your holiday at another nondescript hotel , when you could have your own island , and stay in a 19th century lighthouse , all for the same price as a b&b. the impressive ile louët is perched in the midst of morlaix bay in brittany , france , and provides the perfect peaceful retreat for explorers who wish to have the ultimate secluded retreat. groups of up to 10 guests can enjoy stunning ocean views on the quaint plot for the mere price of $ 200 -lrb- # 145 / $ 215 -rrb- for two nights. scroll down for video. ile louët is set 1148 ft from the
why buy a fishing boat , when you can make one out of household furniture ? auckland coastguards have had the shock of their life after receiving an alert that about 5 homemade ` boats ' were taking part in an annual fishing event on sunday. the attendees included a couch strapped to a stack of tyres and a floating subaru car. scroll down for video. auckland coastguards received unusual call out to a homemade boat race that saw asubaru take to the water. the race also saw a couch strapped to a few tyres and being pulled along by a
a nevada woman received a $ 200 ticket after she was pulled over for putting on makeup while she was behind the wheel as part of a statewide crackdown on distracted drivers. so what sort of beauty product was she applying while stopped at a red light ? lip balm. stephanie fragoso was cited on wednesday , april fools ' day , after she was stopped in las vegas by a nevada highway patrol -lrb- nhp -rrb- trooper. scroll down for video. stephanie fragoso was cited on wednesday , april fools ' day , after she was stopped by in las vegas , nevada. a nevada highway patrol
while rory mcilroy is no stranger to pumping iron , the world 's no 1 golfer will need more than a few extra sessions in the gym to get close to matching american teenager brad dalke. mcilroy knew he was beaten even before he took the strain for an arm wrestle with the ripped high schooler who made short work of a strength test against the northern irishman. dalke posted a video of the light-hearted encounter on his twitter page with the note , ` sorry rory. ' ` look at this ... no chance , ' rory mcilroy says as he prepares to arm wrestle 17-year-old brad dalke. dalke makes short
a long island widow and her 14-year-old who have been missing for almost three weeks after a trip to new york city to see a play were stressed out by a legal battle , a relative said. iona costello , 51 , and daughter emily were going into the city when they were last seen on march 30 near their home in the the wealthy seaside village of greenport. their car was found in a parking garage on 42nd street in manhattan , but the pair , who often went into the city for theater and art museums , left no other trace of their whereabouts. scroll down for video. iona costello
an arkansas woman became a little richer this week after finding a large diamond at crater of diamonds state park. susie clark , of evening shade , found the 3.69-carat white diamond in a 37.5-acre search field on thursday , her last day of a trip to the park with her husband. clark , who first visited the park 33 years ago with her mother and grandmother , prayed to god , asking , ` are you doing to bless me and let me find a diamond today ? ' as she searched the field. susie clark , of evening shade , arkansas
nfl murderer aaron hernandez is no longer no 81 - he is prisoner w106228 , daily mail online can reveal. the official number was issued to hernandez as he started the rest of his life in jail , at cedar junction state prison in massachusetts. he was being moved to the maximum security souza-baranowski correctional center near shirley today. hernandez is being held separately from other prisoners and is on suicide watch. he is now equipped with green prison scrubs and his tattoos are being examined for gang affiliations. it can also be disclosed that he was hooked on ` angel dust ' , a drug known to cause users to experience violent outbursts and
bournemouth are within touching distance ; they can almost smell the big-time. another hurdle on their way to the premier league has been negotiated as they secured a hard-fought win over reading. this was tense , though. manager eddie howe would testify to that. but winning a place in the top-flight has never been easy ; bournemouth are finding exactly that out. callum wilson celebrates after opening the scoring for bournemouth in the fourth minute. wilson opens the scoring for bournemouth early on against reading at the madejski stadium. reading : federici , gunter , a pearce , hector , obita , chalobah -lrb- appiah 67 -rrb- , karacan -lrb- williams 59 -rrb- , ake
it is a source of music , information and entertainment for millions of listeners around the world yet vast numbers of people are being denied the chance to enjoy fm radio. many of the smartphones on sale today - including apple 's iphones , samsung 's galaxy phones and lg phones - come with built-in fm chips. however , nearly two thirds of smartphones do not have the feature activated. now the radio industry , faced with the rise of digital radio , are calling for this to change. many smartphones on sale today - including apple 's iphones , samsung 's galaxy phones and lg phones -
a new york teacher fired after allegedly encouraging pupils to bully a 13-year-old girl by writing down her worst qualities on the blackboard has said she is the victim of a terrible ` injustice ' - and wants her job back. madeline luciano is said to have looked on as eighth grade pupils at ps 18 , in manhattan , wrote words like ` ugly ' , ` annoying ' and ` phony ' on the board to describe their classmate. it only stopped when the girl started crying. sacked : madeline luciano , pictured , was fired after she allegedly allowed pupils to write nasty words
-lrb- cnn -rrb- if you were mourning the loss of a loved one in china , at least the entertainment might have cheered you up. until now. in rural china , hiring exotic dancers to perform at wakes is an increasingly common practice , but is now the latest focus of the country 's crackdown on vice. strippers are invited to perform at funerals , often at great expense , to attract more mourners , china 's official xinhua news agency said. another report suggested another motivation : that the performances `` add to the fun. '' photos obtained by cnn from an attendee at a village funeral in cheng ` an
this is the man who allegedly opened fire in the campus library of a north carolina college on monday morning , leaving one person dead. kenneth stancil , 20 , is a former student who did not graduate from wayne community college in goldsboro , where he is accused of shooting dead a man who working in the school 's print shop. according to police , stancil walked into the building at 8am carrying a long-barreled gun , went up to the third floor , and fired one shot , which killed long-time employee ron lane. it is not known whether stancil and lane are connected or related. scroll down for video. manhunt : police believe the shooter was kenneth stancil , a former student who
a family of four was enjoying a day out together in portland , maine when a white man yelled a racial slur at them before speeding off. the family consisted of a black mother and a white father who were with their nine-year-old daughter and 23-year-old son. the man was in a car filled with a group of young white men when he screamed ` hey n ***** s ! ' at them on friday and drove away. several bystanders witnessed the incident , including a local news reporter for wcsh 6 and wlbz 2 , jackie ward. she shared her account of the story on facebook , as a ` reminder for us to be kinder to each other. '
a young english fan who wrote a letter to richie benaud asking for tips on spin bowling almost 20 years ago has shared the australian cricket great 's response in the wake of his death. jonathon stevenson was just 16 years old when he asked for benaud 's advice on left-handed leg spin and he shared the lengthy response on twitter on friday as a tribute to the ` great man '. ` wrote to richie benaud when i was 16 about bowling leggies. his detailed reply says everything about the great man , ' mr stevenson , who is now a director at livewire sport , tweeted. scroll down for video. a letter from richie benaud
there was no special treatment for lewis ferguson at paul nicholls ' yard on thursday morning. the 18-year-old was mucking out the stables as usual , just a cut on the nose to show for the fall which has made him an internet sensation. ferguson , whose double somersault horror fall from the favourite merrion square in the 4.20 pm at wincanton on wednesday has been watched hundreds of thousands of times online. but he was back riding out and said he was undeterred from getting back in the sadal. ` it was just a blur , ' he said , ` i could n't work out what had happened until
sometimes walking in a straight line without tripping over with just two feet is enough of a challenge. so imagine the kind of coordination it would require if you had eight legs. now scientists have unraveled how octopuses manage to keep track of all of their flailing limbs as they crawl over objects. the video above , recorded by researchers at the hebrew university of jerusalem , shows how that despite its body orientation -lrb- green arrow -rrb- the octopus can crawl in any direction -lrb- blue arrow -rrb- thanks to its flexible arms. using high speed videos of octopuses as they negotiated obstacles
the first people to be affected by qantas 's newly enforced ` smart casual ' dress code have taken to social media to complain after being turned away from the airline 's lounges for wearing thongs. qantas warned back in february that it would begin strictly enforcing its business class lounge dress code from april 1 - but not everyone got the memo. cassandra hann wrote on qantas 's facebook wall on thursday : ` thanks qantas club perth for refusing me entry because i was wearing havianas -lrb- i am going on holidays after all -rrb-. ' ms hann fumed : ` i had just got off a long flight from sydney to perth with a
-lrb- cnn -rrb- recently , a new york judge issued an opinion authorizing service of divorce papers on a husband completely via facebook. what exactly is `` service of process '' ? serving people with legal papers is an industry and its own body of law premised on one guiding principle : if you are going to sue someone , you should at least let them know about it. sounds simple , right ? in theory it is. in practice , it turns out people do n't like being sued. it also turns out that , to many defendants , procrastination of a lawsuit is a viable defense. just as you may avoid bad news in life , defendants tend to avoid process servers. once a defendant has been served , that means the
the wife of pennsylvania 's lieutenant governor allegedly made an obscene gesture then threw a cup of soda over one of her husband 's political rivals. tonya stack , whose husband mike stack holds the state 's second-highest office , reportedly dumped cola on state representative kevin boyle in an unseemly row at a fundraiser in honor of a slain afghanistan veteran. according to boyle , stack ` flipped me the bird ' as soon as she spotted him at the event in philadelphia. ` soda fight ' : pennsylvania state representative kevin boyle , left , claims that he was covered in soda by tonya stack , right , wife of lieutenant governor mike stack , and a
roma ended their four-month winless streak at home with a victory over napoli in serie a on saturday in a key match for champions league places. miralem pjanic finished off a swift counter-attack for roma in the 25th minute and goalkeeper morgan de sanctis did the rest - saving shot after shot by napoli in the second half. ` it 's important to win a match and gain some continuity , ' de sanctis said. ` the last -lrb- four -rrb- months were tough in terms of results. so to win in front of our fans fills us with pride. ' miralem pjanic slots home to put roma ahead in
tim sherwood has urged aston villa to man up as he labelled their clash with relegation rivals qpr the club 's ` biggest game ' for years. they host rangers on tuesday with sherwood admitting he does not have the players to grind out results. victory would move villa five points clear of the barclays premier league drop zone but they will return to the bottom three if qpr , three points behind with a better goal difference , win. and sherwood underlined the magnitude of the game ahead of the showdown. tim sherwood -lrb- from left to right -rrb- ,
-lrb- cnn -rrb- iran 's president on friday hailed the proposed international deal on his country 's nuclear program , vowing that iran will stick to its promises and -- assuming other countries live up to their end of the bargain -- become a more active , engaged player in world affairs. `` some think that we should either fight ... or we should surrender to other powers , '' president hassan rouhani said. `` however , we believe none of that. there is a third path. we can cooperate with the world. '' rouhani said his government kept its word to iranians when negotiating the framework deal , which was agreed
jockey andrea atzeni has an early chance to promote the classic claims of a contender owned by his new qatar racing bosses when he partners terror in wednesday 's landwades nell gwyn stakes at newmarket. the 1,000 guineas hope , trained by david simcock , is one of six out of the nine entries to hold an engagement in the guineas. terror finished fourth place in the group one cheveley park stakes over six furlongs at the rowley mile last september prior to her landing a listed event there five weeks later. jockey andrea atzeni will ride terror in wednesday 's landwades nell gwyn stakes at newmarket. simcock
a 12-year-old girl battling leukemia for two years has been kicked out of school for her lack of attendance. ' i did n't do anything wrong , but they still got rid of me , ' rose mcgrath of battle creek , michigan said tearfully. last week st. joseph 's middle school , a private catholic school , sent a letter to rose mcgrath and her dismissing her from the school for low attendance and poor academic performance. scroll down for video. heartbroken : ' i did n't do anything wrong , but they still got rid of me , ' rose mcgrath of battle creek , michigan said tearfully of her school kicking her out for poor attendance because of her leukemia. dismissed : john fleckenstein ,
tottenham are confident kyle walker has not broken his foot following a scan on tuesday. there were fears the england defender may have fractured his right foot after taking a hefty blow from a collision with kieran trippier during the draw at burnley on sunday. results from the scan have shown up heavy bruising , but no fracture. however , more tests are planned this week. tottenham defender kyle walker receives treatment from medical staff during the 0-0 draw with burnley. walker had sustained the injury following a heavy collision with burnley defender kieran trippier at turf moor. walker has been provided with a protective boot to ensure no further damage is caused. he will continue to be assessed by spurs ' medical team in
john carver admits newcastle united need to look at the ` dna ' of their dressing-room this summer. the magpies were beaten for the fifth successive time in tyne-wear derbies during sunday 's 1-0 defeat at sunderland. head coach carver says the club 's hierarchy have already spoken about addressing their shortcomings during the close-season , and concedes that character is one issue they have to consider. newcaslte boss john carver admits the club need to look at the ` dna ' of their dressing-room this summer. newcastle players train at the club 's training complex on thursday ahead of monday 's clash with liverpool. newcastle trio moussa
michael schumacher 's daughter gina maria has revealed her impressive riding skills at a horse show in germany. the 17-year-old was one of the participants in the nrha european futurity horse show in the bavarian town of kreuth and looked every inch the professional rider throughout the tournament. dressed in a variety of elaborately decorated cowboy-style outfits and wearing a brown stetson hat , miss schumacher was seen riding a number of different horses as she took part in what is known as the ` first go-round 2nd section ' yesterday afternoon. the nrha european futurity horse show continues until saturday evening , when miss schumacher is expected to take part in the grand
a massachusetts boy who received more than 150,000 letters and packages after requesting ' a box of cards ' for his sixth birthday has died after his battle with a rare brain tumor. danny nickerson , six , who loved to receive mail , was diagnosed with an inoperable brain tumor in october 2013. last july , his birthday request for cards with his name on them went viral. he received mail from around the world and got more mail in one day than the rest of the town combined , according to fox news. on friday night , his mother carley nickerson shared on a facebook page , danny 's warriors , that her ` precious sweet boy earned his angel wings ' after a ` courageous 18 month battle '. danny nickerson -lrb- left -rrb- , 6 , of massachusetts died of an inoperable brain tumor
ever fancied driving the batmobile straight from the big screen and into your street ? or perhaps you 've always yearned to take the ghostbusters ' cadillac for a spin ? well now it 's possible to do both thanks to brothers marc and shanon parker - who have designed and built a fantastic fleet of movie-inspired vehicles. among their wonders on wheels are lifelike versions of batman 's tumbler from the dark knight film trilogy and the much-loved ghostbusters car - or ecto-1 as the spook-hunting team call it. the brothers have even made an optimus prime truck , based on the most recent transformers movie ,
no need to tell padraig harrington what a difference a year makes. twelve months ago he stood on the same spot on the same practice ground at the same tournament , the houston open , looking as crestfallen as i have ever seen him. now look at him. there 's an obvious contentment as he hits a few shots and breaks off to chat with his long-time caddie , ronan flood. he 's taking in the surroundings with the grateful bearing of a man handed an unlikely lifeline. in short , here 's a three-time major champion who 's got his mojo back.
it has long been a complaint that all politicians are the same. now the green party has set it to music , with a new election advert featuring david cameron , nick clegg , ed miliband and nigel farage forming a bizarre pro-austerity boyband. the video , complete with dry ice , glittering podiums and the obligatory key change , is designed to show that despite their claims to the contrary , the tories , lib dems , labour and ukip are all singing the same tune on cuts , public services and immigration. the video begins with ` david cameron ' playing
this helpful dog does n't mind getting his paws dirty with a spot of housework. baron the german shepherd was filmed as he helped get the dishes done at home in california. footage shows the pup reaching up and grabbing rinsed goods between his teeth from the sink , before loading them into the dishwasher. once he 's put an item in the machine , baron patiently waits for another to be rinsed by his owner. he then gets back up on his back legs to collect his next load. baron was professionally trained at the hill country k9 school. other videos show the pup breaking sweat as he helps his trainer workout. he performs a
a british policeman has been left paralysed from the waist down after breaking his neck while on holiday with his family. luke stanwick , 30 , is fighting for his life in a medically-induced coma and may never walk again after the ` horrendous ' accident in portugal. the police officer from hailsham , east sussex , was on holiday with his wife jenny and their two-year-old son , nathan , when he broke his neck. mrs stanwick said : ` he is my rock , my hero and most of all the man i adore without question. pc luke stanwick , 30 , has been left
chris smalling has signed a three-year contract extension at manchester united worth in the region of # 80,000-a-week after turning his career around at old trafford. the 25-year-old england centre-back had been linked with a move to arsenal after struggling to hold down a first-team place at united and being branded ` stupid ' by manager louis van gaal for his sending-off in the manchester derby at the etihad earlier this season. smalling was also guilty of several off-the-field indiscretions , including being pictured going to a fancy-dress party as a suicide bomber last year. chris smalling -lrb- left -rrb- signs his new manchester united
bruce jenner has confirmed he started a gender transition process in the mid-1980s but stopped after he met and fell in love with kris kardashian , who became his third wife. the 65-year-old told diane sawyer he embarked on hormone therapy and electrolysis , and had plastic surgery to make his features look more feminine , shortly after winning the olympic gold. however , he says , he stopped out of ` fear ' of publicity and shame , and kept his secret to himself until he could n't bear it any longer. scroll down for video. early signs ? bruce jenner has revealed he started having hormone therapy and plastic surgery in the mid to late 1980s to make himself look more feminine. he 's
a woman who launched a social media campaign in a bid to return a sentimental ring which she found snorkeling in bali has found the owner who is amazingly from the same part of australia. roxy walsh , 34 , met with the ecstatic owners , joe and jenny langley , in noosa , on queensland 's sunshine coast , on sunday to personally return the ring to the couple after less than week of searching. ` in my mind i thought i 'd be going to new york or italy or somewhere ... instead i ended up just driving myself three hours to noosa , ' ms walsh told daily mail australia. scroll down
a chilean artist has been jailed after dyeing a famous hot spring in iceland pink with food colouring. marco evaristti , the south american artist who is based in copenhagen , poured red fruit dye into the strokkur geysir , found around 70 miles to the north east of reykjavik , at dawn. when they boiled , vibrant pink steam blew up from the ground as a result. professing that ` nature belongs to no one ' , he did not seek permission from local authorities before the stunt. he has since been jailed for two weeks after landowners lambasted his efforts as ` vandalism '. scroll down for video. an artist has been jailed after pouring food dye into the strokkur
ukip is only seen as racist by white people , nigel farage has claimed. the party leader said that he gets an ` unbelievably ' positive welcome when he meets black people. but he said claims the party is racist have stopped many supporters -- including internationally acclaimed rock stars and billionaires -- from backing him publicly. mr farage said that when he goes into ` black parts ' of london he gets a warm reception. ukip leader nigel farage -lrb- pictured canvassing today -rrb- says the party is only seen as racist by white people. ` i stopped this morning to get some newspapers in
cats and dogs have the advantage over marine pets in that they can interact with humans through the sense of touch. but that does n't prevent one man from dipping his hand in the fish tank and giving his blood parrot cichlid a stroke. capturing his remarkable relationship on camera , roland giroux gently cups the fish with his hand from within side the tank and then treats it to a massage. the fish begins relaxing in the man 's hand and stays very still as the owner begins to stroke it with his finger. the fish initially moves away before swimming in a full circle and returning to rest in between
kathmandu , nepal -lrb- cnn -rrb- on day six of nepal 's tragedy , life triumphed as rescuers pulled an 15-year-old from the rubble of a multistory residential building in one of kathmandu 's hard-hit neighborhoods. a large crowd erupted in cheers as pemba tamang was carried out on a stretcher. he was wearing a new york shirt and a blue neck brace , was blanketed by dust and had the look of a deer in the headlights. his rescuer , inspector lakshman basnet of the nepalese armed police force , said tamang was responsive and showed no apparent signs of serious injury. he was given an iv drip and rushed from the gongapur area to a temporary emergency hospital run
on a fenced-in artificial pitch , on the edge of one of salford 's most notorious estates , a group of men with what you could call lived-in faces are finishing a game of football. some are dressed in jeans and shoes - they have no kit or boots. stories of strife are swapped. ` i 'm only here so i can get a shower , ' says one as he rolls a cigarette. ` the wife booted me out a week ago and i 've been on a settee since. ' jesper blomqvist helped coach youngsters from manchester united foundation 's street red project. another is reflecting on how this kickabout , for
boston -lrb- cnn -rrb- sending boston marathon bomber dzhokhar tsarnaev to prison for the rest of his life would bring years of punishment and rob him of martyrdom , jurors were told monday. `` we have seen more pain and more horror and more grief in this courtroom than any of you would have thought possible , '' attorney david bruck said as tsarnaev 's defense team began what could be a two-week campaign to avoid the death penalty. `` no punishment could ever be equal to the terrible effects of this crime on the survivors and the victims ' families , '' he said.
pep guardiola has denied claims of a dispute with former bayern munich club doctor hans-wilhelm muller-wohlfahrt , who quit the club on thursday after ` being blamed ' for the defeat by porto. the 72-year-old , who had worked at bayern for almost 40 years , sensationally quit the bundesliga club , claiming ` the bond of trust is damaged ' , but guardiola has played down claims of a feud. ` the reaction is on me , i was disappointed , ' he told reporters in the wake of a shock champions league quarter-final defeat by porto. ` it was nothing to do with the doctor. pep guardiola has denied a rift with the former
some are smiling , some waving , while others have the strain of their torturous journey etched on their faces. whatever the emotions running through their young minds , these children are very much the lucky ones. they are among the latest group of migrants to have safely reached land after a desperate voyage across the mediterranean that has claimed the lives of so many others. of the 446 people on board the italian rescue vessel , the navy said 59 of them were children , who were no doubt unaware just how perilous their boat trip could have been. scroll down for video. reaching the
lord janner sent a ` thank you ' christmas card to a detective after learning he would escape child sex abuse charges , it emerged yesterday. lord janner sent a ` thank you ' christmas card to a detective after learning he would escape child sex abuse charges , it emerged yesterday. the officer said he was appalled by the labour peer 's note after his superiors forced him to drop his inquiries into janner 's alleged sex abuse. the note thanked him for how he had dealt with the issue , and even invited him and his wife to dinner at parliament. the revelation
karim benzema insists real madrid are capable of becoming the first side to retain the champions league due to their undoubted quality. the la liga giants won their 10th european cup last season and benzema is confident that his side can quickly add to their impressive tally. speaking to adidas football , benzema said : ` we are trying to get to the final. needless to say , we have a great team , who 'll give their all to be there at the end. real madrid forward karim benzema believes his side are capable of retaining the champions league. benzema was speaking to adidas ahead of real madrid 's champions league encounter against atletico. ` what makes us better than the rest is that we have the best
ahead of this weekend 's premier league action , sportsmail will be providing you with all you need to know about every fixture , with team news , provisional squads , betting odds and opta stats. here is all the information you need for burnley 's home clash with tottenham ... burnley vs tottenham hotspur -lrb- turf moor -rrb-. team news. burnley. burnley defender stephen ward should be back in contention for sunday 's barclays premier league clash against tottenham after overcoming an ankle injury. midfielder matt taylor , who has not featured since august , is also nearing a return after resuming training following his recovery from
the new adam sandler film ran into a huge problem on wednesday when a group of extras stormed off the set. native american actors appearing in the ridiculous 6 , a spoof of the magnificent seven that stars and was written by sandler , left the set after they became offended by the script 's jokes about their race and culture. it was so bad in fact that even the cultural adviser for the movie , which is filming in new mexico , walked off the set. scroll down for video. a dozen native american extras and the cultural adviser walked off the set of adam sandler 's -lrb- seated above in wig -rrb-
thirty years ago this month something as basic as two men hitting balls around a table with a stick gripped the nation by the throat. it was as iconic a moment of the eighties as duran duran , yuppies , football hooliganism and mrs thatcher handbagging the unions. it was steve davis -- lean , robotic and unsmiling -- versus dennis taylor -- tubby and splendidly bespectacled. ` and so the lights go down , ' whispered commentator ted lowe to 18.5 million viewers. ` the players shake hands. one of these lucky chaps will pick up the title , the trophy and #
societies with less access to food and water are more likely to believe in an all-powerful deity , according to new research. the study uncovered a link between belief in god and other societal characteristics , such as a strong social hierarchy. scientists suggest that religious beliefs help people cope in inhospitable habitats. a study suggests that societies with less access to food and water are more likely to believe in all-powerful , deities. here , people carry bags of popcorn through a christian cemetery , to sell in a shanty town in lima , peru. ` when life is tough or when it 's uncertain , people believe in big gods , ' said russell gray
there will be calls for england to get rid of alastair cook and jonathan trott on the back of their failures here but i think they should both play all three tests against west indies before any sort of decision is made. we are talking about two batsmen with phenomenal test records who have done it against australia in the past and , with good players like that , you do not jettison them easily. cook , for instance , will end up with one of the greatest of all england records and you have to give people of that calibre every possible chance to show they are worth a place. jonathan
the sun is shining , the mercury is climbing and the trees are finally in blossom. spring has finally sprung and it 's time to get outdoors and take advantage of the warm weather and vivid colours. whether you prefer a stroll around the netherlands ' keukenhof gardens , largely recognised as one of the world 's most beautiful springtime wonders , or to take in the sights of the smithsonian alongside washington 's cherry blossom trees , there are plenty of incredible blooms on display all around the globe as well as some beautiful bluebell-spotting opportunities in the uk. mailonline travel has
we 're either guilty of it or we have a friend or family member who is a bandit for it : oversharing photos of our children on social media. while posting an image of your child smiling into the camera covered in food may seem like a playful and cute move to you - it could be dangerous for your child in the long run. when it comes to uploading baby photos on social media , some feel like the more comments and likes they get the better , but who is really looking at your photos and how far do they reach on the net ? scroll down for video. snap
the daughter of second world war nazi strongman hermann goering has failed in her bid to get the state of bavaria to return family money confiscated after the collapse of the third reich. goering , who cheated the hangman at nuremberg by committing suicide shortly before he was due to be executed for war crimes , was deputy to hitler and the regime 's greatest art thief. the infamous military leader plundered private collections and museums wherever the swastika flew but his daughter edda , 76 , has always refused to criticise him. scroll down for video. edda goering has always refrained from criticising her father for his part in the mass extermination of jews. showing his
it 's not every day two senior barristers in the nation 's highest court go head to head over the fate of a pooch on death row. but on tuesday in canberra that 's exactly what happened. condemned staffordshire terrier izzy is set to be destroyed after she bit a woman in august 2012 after escaping from her owner tania isbester 's backyard in the basin , east melbourne , victoria. lawyers for victorian woman tania isbester appealed to the high court hoping to have her staffordshire terrier , deemed aggressive by knox city council , saved from being put down. the woman who izzy bit suffered a 1.5 cm to her finger on august 4 in 2012 , which is deemed as a ` serious injury ' under the domestic animal act in victorian law ,
a scientist says he expects to live to 150 after uncovering the secrets of how to slow down the ageing process. dr alex zhavoronkov , an anti-ageing expert , believes medical advances and knowledge of lifestyles will lead to a far longer life expectancy than has been seen to date. he is following a strict regime of regular exercise combined with drugs and supplements and regular health checks , while shunning marriage , children and material assets to focus on anti-ageing research instead. scroll down for video. healthy living : dr alex zhavoronkov , an anti-ageing expert , believes medical advances and knowledge of lifestyles will lead to a far longer life expectancy than has been
a controversial video of a woman applying make-up to a monkey has sparked debate online between those who think it is cruel and those cute. teresa bullock captured the two-minute clip at her house in ohio on the birthday of her 18-year-old macaque monkey named angel. the video shows the monkey sitting up on a sink having its eyebrows plucked with a pair of tweezers. its owner then proceeds to apply what looks like moisturizing cream , eye-liner , mascara and finally , and perhaps most shockingly , red lipstick. discussing the clip , teresa bullock told jukin video : ` angel is an 18-year-old java macaque monkey with health issues so she is a little more
beijing -lrb- cnn -rrb- a day after the chinese government released five young feminists on bail , their families and supporters expressed mixed emotions on the unexpected development. wei tingting , wang man , zheng churan , li tingting and wu rongrong were freed from the haidian detention center on the outskirts of beijing late monday. the five activists on women 's rights -- aged from 25 to 32 -- were picked up by police in three different cities just before march 8 , the international women 's day. they had been planning a campaign against sexual harassment on public transportation. `` i 'm still speechless and do n't know how to react , '' tweeted li 's
philadelphia might mean the city of brotherly love in greek , but the sentiment of the name apparently does n't always does n't apply to philly 's female residents. at least five women got into a large-scale brawl that lasted for multiple minutes at a zara clothing store on friday afternoon. the fight broke out at a store location in the city 's rittenhouse square neighborhood. scroll down for video. let 's get ready to rumble : three of the fighters were grappling , while a fourth came in and slapped them -lrb- left -rrb-. pretty in pink ? a women wearing a pink top and underwear spent most of the brawl with her shirt
as day two of the grand national gets underway , thousands of ladies dressed in outrageous or elegant outfits as they compete in the style stakes and take in some high-class racing throughout the day. the popular event has seen over 45,000 descend on aintree for the perfect build-up ahead of saturday 's main event , the crabbies grand national. seven races make up the day as they saw saphir du rheu , ridden by sam twiston-davis , take home the betfred mildmay novices ' chase and following up from his second place at the world hurdle at cheltenham festival. a.p mccoy rides don cossack and eastlake in what is his last ever grand national
-lrb- cnn -rrb- authorities detained a 15-year-old girl from cape town , south africa , at the city 's airport after receiving information she was leaving the country to join isis , state security minister david mahlobo said. `` we are still conducting further investigation. the girl over the past period has been using technology on social media platforms interacting with strange people and reading material that suggested she expressed an interest in joining a terrorist group called isis , '' he told broadcaster enca. police and airport security located the girl on a johannesburg-bound flight , and `` we got our agencies to secure all the
the family of a massachusetts woman who died from melanoma likely caused by her love of tanning are campaigning for a change to laws governing sunbeds. glenna kohl of barnstable spent years in the sun as a cape cod lifeguard and countless hours laying in indoor tanning beds while at college. she was diagnosed with melanoma just after graduating from a rhode island college in 2005. three years later , at just 26 years old , glenna would be dead after a painful cancer battle. now , her parents want the world to know the very real dangers posed by tanning even to the very young. sad : glenna kohl of barnstable spent years
-lrb- cnn -rrb- it 's a good thing -- a lucky thing -- that a bystander had the courage and presence of mind to record the shocking video that shows a white police officer , michael slager , gunning down and killing an apparently unarmed black man named walter scott after a traffic stop in north charleston , south carolina. and the resulting national wave of revulsion and indignation -- along with the prompt arrest of slager on murder charges -- is a welcome and appropriate response. but the event raises broad , troubling questions about how often such incidents take place without the benefit of a third-party recording. it 's
a mother-of-four whose addiction to red bull saw her drinking 24 cans of a day claims she has been cured of her habit by hypnosis. sarah weatherill , 31 , became so dependent on the energy drink she was told if she cut down too quickly she could suffer a seizure as her body was so used to the caffeine. the law student spent a staggering # 5,460 every year on the popular energy drink since she became hooked in 2009. scroll down for video. sarah weatherill , 31 , was so addicted to red bull she drank 24 cans a day leaving her lethargic , depressed , suffering heart palpitations and constantly anxious. her habit
branislav ivanovic was hit on the head by a lighter thrown by a fan as chelsea edged closer to the title with a ` lucky ' win over queens park rangers. the football association will wait for referee andre marriner 's report before deciding whether to launch an investigation into crowd control after other missiles rained down on the loftus road pitch. qpr manager chris ramsey condemned the behaviour. ` we do n't want any objects thrown on the pitch , ' he said. ` hostilities between fans can go too far. if that 's the case , we 'll encourage them
-lrb- cnn -rrb- two pieces of audio recorded in the immediate aftermath of a deadly police shooting in south carolina emerged monday. the voice of michael slager can be heard in both. the former north charleston police officer is charged with murder in the death of 50-year-old walter scott. in the first recording , an unidentified officer talks to slager about what might happen. `` once they get here , it 'll be real quick. they 're gon na tell you , you 're gon na be off for a couple days and we 'll come back and interview you then. they 're not gon na ask you any type of questions right now. they 're gon na take your weapon , '' the
for any players who have featured for 90 minutes in a match under pasquale marino , the next day at training is dedicated to ` scarico ' -- recovery. try telling that to alexis sanchez. marino was the manager who brought sanchez into udinese 's first team in 2008 after he had been signed from chilean club side cobreloa two years earlier. udinese had italy internationals antonio di natale , simone pepe and fabio quagliarella vying for places up front , but marino knew in sanchez he had a ` jewel ' on his hands. alexis sanchez has impressed for arsenal this season following
while throwing in the nine-to-five life is a dream for many , one young couple decided to make it a reality , experiencing the world as they spent a year filming one mini documentary a day. sydney couple epiphany morgan and carl mason produced 365 documentaries in as many days , visiting 35 countries and 70 cities , as part of their project 365 docobites , an idea which even the couple originally doubted would actually work. ` the idea only popped into my head about seven months before we hopped on the plane. when i first told one of my friends what we were thinking of doing , she asked whether i was sure it was
it is the sort of advert to strike fear into any woman. wanted : female body double for sienna miller. must have the same body measurements as the hollywood actress -- give or take a centimetre. but that has n't stopped a hopeful production company putting out a very detailed request that includes , and reveals , every one of miss miller 's impressive vital statistics. specifics : applicants must meet a strict criteria including measuring 5ft 6in , have a 25 1/2 in waist , a high hip of 35 , low hip of 36 1/2 and be prepared to cut their hair into
most women would kill for a size six figure and a gap between their thighs. but amelia-jane harris , 20 , says her new ` dream body ' is actually a nightmare , as crohn 's disease means she is in constant pain and can not eat. the illness has seen miss harris lose more than 18 stone -lrb- 252lbs -rrb- in 20 months , as she regularly vomits up her food and suffers excruciating bowel pain. at her largest , when she weighed 27st 10lbs -lrb- 388lbs -rrb- and was a size 32 , she dreamed of pulling off skimpy outfits. but now , weighing
a 69-year-old mentally impaired man from connecticut celebrated walking free from jail today after spending more than two decades behind bars for the rape and murder of his wife 's grandmother. last month a court ruled richard lapointe , a former dishwasher , was deprived of a fair trial for the 1987 killing and on friday , a judge ordered him to be freed on $ 25,000 cash bail. the former inmate was photographed walking out of the hearing alongside his attorney and another supporter with his arms weakly raised in the air.in lieu of his prison jumpsuit ,. lapointe opted for a dark t-shirt over a dress shirt emblazoned with the words ' i did n't
it 's that time of year when football managers double as mathematicians. with points running out and prizes at a premium , they 're praying the calculator tells them the dream is still alive. but for those at the top of a claustrophobic championship , the maths is simple -- win every game or risk missing out on a potential # 120million payday. two points separate four teams , with four games remaining. to drop points would almost certainly mean to drop out of the race for the two automatic slots to the barclays premier league. middlesbrough were top on good friday but are fourth going into the visit of wolves. aitor karanka
peering into the heart of the milky way , astronomers have spotted the ` howls ' of dead stars as they feed on stellar companions. these zombie stars are thought to be leaving a ` mass grave ' of white dwarf stars near the centre of the milky way. but why there are so many of these stars here - which are left behind when a larger star runs out of fuel - remains a mystery. scroll down for video. the nuclear spectroscopic telescope array , or nustar , has captured a new high-energy x-ray view -lrb- magenta -rrb- of the bustling center of our milky way galaxy. the smaller circle shows the center of our galaxy where the
-lrb- cnn -rrb- the accidental death of a 2-year-old boy in milwaukee on sunday triggered a violent chain of events , eventually claiming the lives of three more people. it all started with a birthday party that little damani terry was attending. during the family gathering , he dashed out into the street and was struck and killed by a gmc van , according to milwaukee police. the distraught driver , archie brown jr. , 40 , immediately stopped and got out to tend to the boy. but it was too late , police said. damani was dead. damani 's alarmed family came running , including his
a russian aerospace commander has sensationally claimed that some spy satellites are masquerading as space junk in earth orbit. the official refused to comment on how many such satellites there were , and which countries were operating them. it suggests there could be more satellites than thought monitoring different countries on earth. the claim was made by the commander of russian space command. oleg maidanovich said someone was hiding satellites as space junk -lrb- artist 's illustration of a satellite shown -rrb-. but in a film he refused to name the country behind the ruse. the claims were made by the commander of russian space command , oleg maidanovich. he was speaking on a film called ` space special forces ' during a tour of russia 's main centre for
they spent the weekend larking around enjoying easter together. but new reports have suggested that all is not as rosy as it might seem when it comes to katie price and kieran hayler 's marriage. indeed , it was reported today in closer magazine that katie still regularly checks kieran 's phone and makes him tell her whenever she is going out , following his cheating scandal last year. it was also claimed that she no longer allows him to go to the gym as katie worries that kieran 's obsession with his looks could feed into his sex addiction. scroll down for video. it has been reported today that katie
an attacker got more than he bargained for - when his chosen victim floored him twice with her martial arts skills after he tried to rape her. the unidentified restaurant owner was attacked by the would-be rapist as she was closing the empty shop in the eastern province of shandong , china. she let the man into the eatery when he knocked on the door and asked to use the toilet , the people 's daily reported. the restaurant owner used her martial arts skills to overpower the would-be rapist and pin him to the ground. the unidentified woman then raced out of the restaurant - but was followed by her attacker. the man tried to grab her - but had a shock of his own when she used her self-defence skills to
a north carolina mechanic whose son was murdered nine years ago found an inscription dedicated to his fallen son on a car he was working on in his body shop. john brynarsky 's son chris , a custom paint job expert , was shot and killed in october 2006 after an argument in his car detail shop in union county , north carolina. when he was shot , he fell over the bumper he had just finished working on and damaged it , his friend mark cosentino said. so cosentino repaired the bumper and put it back on the car , but not before writing
-lrb- cnn -rrb- marine life seen swimming in unusual places. water temperatures warmer than they should be. no snow where there should be feet of it. some scientists are saying `` the blob '' could be playing a factor. as monikers go , the blob does n't sound very worrisome. but if you 're a salmon fisherman in washington or a california resident hoping to see the end of the drought , the blob could become an enemy of top concern. a university of washington climate scientist and his associates have been studying the blob -- a huge area of unusually warm water in the pacific -- for months. `` in the fall of 2013 and early 2014 we started to notice a big , almost circular mass of water that just did n't cool
dog tags a u.s. soldier lost on a massachusetts beach 70 years ago have been returned to his son at the same place. zachariah fike head of vermont-based purple hearts reunited , says the military id belonged to world war ii veteran cpl. william benn , who lost them in 1939 at a coastal artillery placement on salisbury beach. metal detector enthusiast bill ladd found them after a storm last year. metal detector enthusiast bill ladd found the missing dog tags after a storm last year , returning them to the vet 's son , william benn of rhode island. fike and ladd gave the tags to william benn of providence , rhode island , on sunday afternoon. cpl. benn manned a gun during the 1941 attack on
hearing the scurry of tiny claws across the kitchen worktop can produce feelings of disgust and despair in home owners. now an animal welfare charity claims to have a solution to help households rid themselves of mouse infestations - lending them a cat for the day. wood green animal charity has teamed up with a cleaning and diy app to offer customers a cat fostering service. wood green animal charity has teamed up with cleaning and diy app handy to offer customers a cat fostering service. cats will not just catch mice but the scent they leave behind can also discourage rodents from returning. the north london-based charity say that
cardinal francis george was remembered thursday as a man of deep faith , intellect and compassion as catholics said their final goodbyes to the man who led the nation 's third-largest archdiocese and was known as a vigorous defender of roman catholic orthodoxy. george also did n't hesitate to speak his mind , even if it was unscripted and , at times , controversial , said seattle archbishop j. peter sartain , who delivered the homily at a packed funeral mass at chicago 's holy name cathedral. ` the cardinal 's faith was simple , direct , without pretense or embarrassment , ' sartain said. `
spain 's queen letizia was back to the day job today , following two consecutive evenings at glamorous awards shows. joined by handsome husband king felipe , 47 , the elegant royal was all smiles as she welcomed award-winning writer juan goytisolo to the casa real for a lunch in his honour. today 's lunch is the second literary event in less than 24 hours for the spanish queen , who last night found herself on the receiving end of an unexpected kiss courtesy of another prize-winning author. scroll down for video. warm welcome : king felipe and queen letizia welcome juan goytisolo to the casa real in madrid. joking around : the royal couple
michael vaughan , who is favourite to become england 's cricket supremo , was quick to condemn the openers after west indies got them both out early on. with jonathan trott out without scoring in the first over and captain alastair cook failing again vaughan said : ` their footwork and their mindset has been about looking to survive rather than getting on top. ' geoff boycott was also critical of the pair , saying : ` opening batsmen are supposed to face the new ball when it 's doing a little bit. if you ca n't play that , you 're in the wrong job. ' michael vaughan criticised the
karim benzema hailed team-mate cristiano ronaldo as a ` phenomenon ' after the portuguese struck five goals in real madrid 's 9-1 mauling of granada. it was the first time in his career that ronaldo has scored five goals in a single match and saw him become only the third player to reach the 300-goal mark for madrid , a tally achieved in only 287 appearances. on sunday , benzema said on his club 's website : ` cristiano is a phenomenon , he is always looking for goals and ways to help the team. he deserves everything he has achieved. ' cristiano ronaldo -lrb- centre -rrb- scored five goals during real madrid 's
-lrb- cnn -rrb- a new jersey auction house has removed items from its april 17 event after an uproar from the public. the items are crafts and artifacts made by japanese-americans confined to world war ii internment camps. a grass-roots campaign of a change.org petition , a facebook page , and mediation by `` star trek '' actor george takei has resulted in rago arts and auction center agreeing to pull the items from the sale. `` there is an essential discussion to be had about the sale of historical items that are a legacy of man 's inhumanity to man. it extends beyond what
-lrb- cnn -rrb- justin timberlake and jessica biel , welcome to parenthood. the celebrity couple announced the arrival of their son , silas randall timberlake , in statements to people. `` silas was the middle name of timberlake 's maternal grandfather bill bomar , who died in 2012 , while randall is the musician 's own middle name , as well as his father 's first , '' people reports. the couple announced the pregnancy in january , with an instagram post.
conor mcgregor is gearing up for a featherweight title challenge against jose aldo on july 11 and has unveiled a fearsome new tattoo ahead of the encounter. the 26-year-old irishman has already got a picture of a gorilla eating a heart inked upon his chest and ` the notorious ' has now revealed a tiger 's face tattooed onto his stomach. ` if you see the tiger , it 's too late. you 're food , ' mcgregor wrote next to the instagram post of his new artwork. conor mcgregor reveals his new tattoo of a tiger on his stomach to his instagram followers. mcgregor -lrb- left -rrb- poses in the shop with
jenson button believes mclaren now have their rivals in their sights ahead of this weekend 's chinese grand prix. after starting the new formula one season in australia with a severe lack of pace , mclaren and new power-unit supplier honda made significant progress a fortnight later in malaysia. although both button and team-mate fernando alonso retired during the race at the sepang international circuit , the duo at least discovered the car was competitive alongside other midfield runners. jenson button looks on in the garage during final practice for last month 's malaysian grand prix. that came as a pleasant surprise to button , who is now hoping further steps have been taken going into this weekend 's race
the romantics will pick sean dyche or ronald koeman , the statistics lovers will go for jose mourinho or , at a push , arsene wenger. but for me there is one standout contender for manager of the year and that 's louis van gaal. think about what he walked into and what he was expected to achieve in a short space of time. you can only be impressed. the stricken patient was fading fast , but the dutch doctor has n't just stuck plasters over the wounds , he 's breathed life into a giant and resurrected it back to rude health. manchester united boss louis van gaal
a new county cricket season is almost upon us with the first round of championship fixtures this summer beginning on sunday up and down the country. yorkshire will be looking to defend their division one title while kevin pietersen will hope his runs help surrey to promotion from the second tier. here is former surrey and england batsman mark butcher 's guide to the county championship. division one. durham. verdict : i do n't think they have the strength to carry the title off. the best they can hope for is to consolidate their status as a regular division one side. but they always have a flotilla of pace
the distinctive head bop was still there and the white socks pulled up over the calves but plastered across her face was something we are not used to seeing during paula radcliffe 's races -- a beaming smile. when she set the world record of 2:15.25 in the london marathon in april 2003 -- a time no woman has threatened 12 years later -- there was no grinning until after she crossed the line. similarly in 2005 when she recorded her third and final victory over the 26.2 mile course from blackheath to the mall , emotions were kept in check until the end. the crowd
thousands of people , including hundreds of school children , lined the streets of norfolk today to wave farewell to the light dragoons. around 250 men and women from the reconnaissance unit , which has most recently served in iraq and afghanistan , marched through the town of dereham for the final time. they were supported by more than 4,000 well-wishers , many waving flags , who lined the streets to mark the conclusion of the regiments 15 year tenure in the county. they are set to leave robertson barracks in swanton morley this summer and move some 200 miles to their new home in catterick , north yorkshire. scroll down for video. final farewell : the light dragoons marched
melissa wilson and her team-mates are on the brink of making history. on saturday , at the 161st oxford-cambridge boat race , the women 's crews will battle the same thames course as the men , who will follow an hour later. after decades of campaigning and 88 years since the first women to race were jeered by male spectators , they get equal billing. and for wilson 's grandfather , 85-year-old richard cowell , from east kilbride , it will be a momentous day. he is not up to the journey to watch his granddaughter compete for cambridge but will still
it may have been miley cyrus ' pink heart-shaped nipple pasties that garnered all the attention when she paid honour to rocker joan jett on saturday , but eagle-eyed fans were distracted by something else. savvy social media users noticed that the 22-year-old , who attended the 30th annual rock and roll hall of fame induction ceremony on saturday in cleveland , ohio , had given her razor a night off. miley , 22 , who is known and loved for her controversial sartorial choices , displayed a somewhat bushy underarm region as she posed for a social media snap. scroll down for video. miley cyrus posed for
an african-american woman fired from a maryland hooters in 2013 sued the ` breastaurant ' - and is now set to receive thousands of dollars from an arbitration ruling. plaintiff farryn johnson has said the baltimore restaurant where she worked had an issue with her blonde highlights. johnson claimed in an interview with wbal , ' i decided to put highlights in my hair , blonde in particular. and when i came in to work , management was not happy about the highlights being added to my hair. ' scroll down for video. waitress : farryn johnson was fired from a maryland
johannesburg -lrb- cnn -rrb- south african troops deployed tuesday evening as part of a new government effort to stop deadly anti-immigrant violence. their first target : the johannesburg suburb of jeppestown , where xenophobic violence broke out on friday. south african police raided a jeppestown hostel tuesday while troops secured the perimeter. earlier , defense minister nosiviwe mapisa-nqakula announced the plan to deploy an undisclosed number of troops to areas where police are spread too thin while trying to curb deadly attacks against immigrants. `` this intervention is not an indictment on the police. ... we are coming in because they need that support , '' she said after visiting johannesburg 's alexandra township , one area where mobs have attacked immigrants from other african nations and looted their shops -- ostensibly based on
as secret agent james bond , daniel craig has a license to kill , but on tuesday the united nations gave the british actor a ` license to save ' by appointing him as the first global advocate for the elimination of mines and explosive hazards. craig - who 's often seen standing dangerously close to explosions as the dapper , martini-drinking agent 007 - will spend the next three years raising awareness for the u.n. mine action service and political and financial support for the cause. ` you have been given a license to kill -lrb- as james bond -rrb- , i
-lrb- cnn -rrb- filipinos are being warned to be on guard for flash floods and landslides as tropical storm maysak approached the asian island nation saturday. just a few days ago , maysak gained super typhoon status thanks to its sustained 150 mph winds. it has since lost a lot of steam as it has spun west in the pacific ocean. it 's now classified as a tropical storm , according to the philippine national weather service , which calls it a different name , chedeng. it boasts steady winds of more than 70 mph -lrb- 115 kph -rrb- and gusts up to 90 mph as of 5 p.m. -lrb- 5 a.m. et -rrb- saturday. still , that does n't mean maysak wo n't pack a wallop. authorities took preemptive steps
-lrb- cnn -rrb- the overturned convertible was smoldering , when police pulled up to it on a new jersey roadway. the driver was pinned inside -- and unconscious. not knowing when the car might burst into full flame , they scrambled to save her , while a police dash cam rolled. cnn obtained the footage from affiliate wpix. kinnelon police officers mark ehrenburg and ricky ferriola cut the seat belt from her , then dragged the woman 's limp body away from the crash to start emergency medical care. not a minute later , flames licked out of the car. two
-lrb- cnn -rrb- the united nations is appealing for $ 174 million to help nigerian refugees who 've fled to neighboring nations following militant attacks. boko haram has killed thousands in the nation 's northeast by attacking villages , schools , churches and mosques. it has also kidnapped students , including more than 200 schoolgirls abducted in april last year. a majority of them remain missing. the militants have attacked relentlessly for six years , sending 192,000 people seeking shelter in cameroon , niger and chad. `` displaced people in northeastern nigeria and across borders are in a very dramatic situation , they fear for their lives and are at this point unable to return to their homes , '' said liz ahua , who 's coordinating nigerian refugee efforts for the u.n. aid agencies are scrambling to provide the refugees with clean water , shelter
khloe kardashian has hit back at critics of her instagram post reaction to monday night 's riots in baltimore saying she is ` damned if i do. damned if i do n't '. the 30-year-old reality tv star posted - then later deleted - the message ` pray for baltimore ' to instagram on monday night as protests about the unexplained death of freddie gray turned to riots in the hours following his funeral. while over 417,000 followers liked the photo , it did not escape criticism. khloe kardashian posted this photo to instagram on monday night as protests turned to riots in
a 30-year-old scouser released by shrewsbury and tranmere in recent years was the hero of scottish football at the weekend. full back david raven stabbed home the winner to take inverness caledonian thistle to the scottish cup final. you can only be pleased for him -- he must have thought his career glory had been and gone when he made a few appearances in the liverpool first team as a youngster -lrb- he played in the infamous 1-0 defeat for rafa benitez 's reds at burnley in 2005 -- djimi traore 's silky back-heeled own goal deciding the game -rrb-. it 's a fantastic moment for raven , good luck to him in the final. but what can we deduce about the state of scottish football from the two hampden park semi-finals last weekend ? david raven
ryan bertrand believes he deserves to be higher up the england pecking order and has pledged to prove his worth to manager roy hodgson. the 25-year-old has been one of the standout performers for southampton , where the left-back moved permanently earlier in the year having impressed on loan from chelsea. bertrand has attracted plenty of plaudits for his displays at st mary 's , yet struggled to gain the international recognition many of his colleagues have received. ryan bertrand was the fifth left back to be called in to roy hodgson 's england squad last month. a call-up had been predicted for england 's internationals against lithuania and italy last month , yet hodgson plumped for leighton baines , kieran gibbs and luke
peter moores insisted he could work with michael vaughan if he becomes england 's new director of cricket despite the pair 's chequered past. ` of course i could , ' said moores in st kitts on thursday. ` it 's not a personal thing. people have views. we 're still going through a transitional spell so to me this is about getting england as strong as we can as quickly as we can. whoever comes into that job i just want to share views to make sure we have the best way forward. the new man is expected to be a supremo who will be very
an frail elderly woman lost five kilograms in five days when she was being treated at perth 's new fiona stanley hospital -lrb- fsh -rrb- , but the west australian health minister said doctors did nothing wrong. joyce tabram , 82 , was 39 kilograms when she was admitted to fsh on march 30 with swollen abdomen but left weighing just 34 kilograms. she was told to fast for five days while waiting for tests to be performed on her. joyce tabram , 82 , lost five kilograms in five days while she being treated at fiona stanley hospital in perth. ms tabram told the abc her
the title race might be all but over but the fight for survival is only just beginning. at the end of march , leicester were bottom of the table with 19 points , seven off safety. win on saturday and they will be out of the relegation zone. for nigel pearson and his men , their season starts now. when you 're facing relegation you are supposed to be dispirited and lacking in confidence. so how on earth have leicester won three on the bounce ? only arsenal -lrb- 8 -rrb- and chelsea -lrb- 4 -rrb- can better that as a winning
the cell phone ban at the augusta national golf club has forced fans to dust off their often unloved and rarely used old cameras if they want to capture a photo of their heroes. barred from bringing their cell phones on to the georgia course , fans have adapted by going back to the future and using their pocket-sized digital cameras or their old 35mm bodies and lenses and re-learning how to use them. but a quick refresher course is all they 're allowed. when play begins on thursday , fans will have to put them back on the shelves. a masters patron uses her camera to take photos of the action during the player practice rounds ahead of the 2015 masters at augusta national golf course in
club tijuana star juan arango conjured memories luis suarez in his team 's 4-3 defeat by monterrey in the mexican league - but it was not through prodigious scoring. the venezuelan icon arango sank his teeth into the shoulder of jesus zavela as his temper flared in the defeat. he was not booked by the referee but could face a heavy retrospective ban. juan arango -lrb- left -rrb- bites the shoulder of opponent jesus zavela in a moment of madness. zavala holds his shoulder after being bitten by arango , in the game zavala 's side won 4-3 in mexico. zavala shows the referee the mark on his shoulder after being bittern by arango. arango -lrb-
police in maryland are hunting for a ` heartless ' thief who stole a four-year-old boy 's wheelchair in the middle of the night. the youngster 's mother left the buggy in the lobby of their building on merrimac drive , langley park , as usual on sunday evening since it 's easier to carry her son to their second floor apartment. but when she went to retrieve the stroller the following morning , it had reportedly disappeared. scroll down for videos. caught on camera : police in maryland are hunting for a ` heartless ' thief -lrb- seen above on
-lrb- hlntv -rrb- actress alyssa milano had some angry tweets for heathrow airport authorities thursday morning after workers there allegedly confiscated breast milk she 'd pumped for her daughter while she was on a plane. milano , who was on a trip with her husband that she described in an earlier tweet as a `` romantic getaway , '' was furious. according to the heathrow airport guidelines on its website regarding baby food and/or milk , the airport asks that travelers carry only what they need for the flight. a blogger mom apparently experienced a similar issue at the airport in 2011 when her pumped milk was also confiscated. per the uk
the family of tracey woodford -lrb- above -rrb- , whose body was found dismembered in a flat in pontypridd , wales , have described her as ` very kind-hearted ' and ` selfless ' a man has been charged in connection with the murder of a woman who was found dismembered at a flat in south wales. christopher may , 50 , will appear at pontypridd magistrates ' court tomorrow charged in connection with the murder of tracey woodford , 47. today , her family described her as ` very kind-hearted ' and ` selfless '. ms woodford , from the pontypridd area , is believed to have been attacked in woodland in pontypridd on tuesday before being taken back to the property of a
gorkha , nepal -lrb- cnn -rrb- the ride from kathmandu to near the epicenter of nepal 's devastating earthquake is not for those who get easily carsick. steep slopes and small winding roads through deep river valleys greet us as we make our way to a town where nepalese and international medical teams are treating the injured , in much less than ideal circumstances. the view along the six-hour journey from the capital is deceptive. although i see numerous landslides , i am surprised that the villages we are driving through are relatively unaffected. during the entire journey , i notice
ravi opi , kavre district , nepal -lrb- cnn -rrb- by the time you reach the outskirts of nepal 's capital , even the roads are showing signs of the sheer magnitude of this earthquake -- and the enormity of the task awaiting a country struggling to come to terms with devastation and tragedy. the main highway that heads east out of kathmandu shows massive cracks , the tarmac torn apart by the force of saturday 's huge tremor. one lane is bisected by gaping , half-meter -lrb- 1.5 feet -rrb- fissures. they 've been filled in with rubble and dirt , allowing passage for those desperate citizens to reach their families in outlying districts.
new lease of life : karen bane with her daughter jessica after undergoing the alternative procedure. it is a painful and embarrassing condition that affects millions of british women. pelvic organ prolapse , or pop , occurs when tissue supporting the pelvic organs -- including the womb -- becomes weak , typically after childbirth. complications include an uncomfortable dragging or ` full ' feeling , discomfort during sex or stress incontinence. although up to half of women are thought to suffer to some degree , far fewer seek help , and many who do are offered just one solution : a hysterectomy. while surgical removal of the reproductive organs solves the immediate problem , it
conflicting stance : ed miliband , pictured during a speech yesterday , will today announce a ` clear , credible plan ' on immigration. ed miliband will today claim labour 's attitude to immigration has ` changed ' -- despite still refusing to put any upper limit on the numbers allowed in. in an audacious move , the labour leader will insist that he offers a ` clear , credible and concrete plan on immigration -- not false promises '. he will say : ` we will deal with people 's concerns because we have listened , we have learned and we have changed. ' but , only hours before the key election speech was due
suddenly , at the age of 34 and after 15 years of hoping for the exact opposite , i desperately wanted to get pregnant. my husband russell was ready to be a father , we were financially secure and after editing a weekly magazine in new york for four stressful years , i was ready to resign and focus on building a family. eleven months later , when my body was still not doing what i demanded , i got depressed , stressed and scared. proud mum sarah ivens with her two children , william -lrb- left -rrb- and one-year-old matilda -lrb- centre -rrb-. ` have i left it too late to have a baby ? ' i 'd wail impatiently to russell as month after month i 'd clutch at
britain 's only surviving mobile cinema has gone on sale for # 120,000 as the owners who spent years of their life restoring it and touring the country now want to enjoy parenthood. emma giffard , 36 , and ollie halls , 37 , from somerset , bought the cinema for just # 1,200 in 2005 and spent # 35,000 on restoring the vintage classic with friends in devon over five years. they toured the country with the classic bus which became a celebrity , starring alongside melvyn bragg in a 20-part bbc2 series ` the reel history of britain and in
with its gabled , late-victorian red-brick exterior and oak-panelled interior , cournswood house could almost be bletchley park , the english country house at the heart of the recent oscar-nominated drama the imitation game , about the cracking of germany 's wartime enigma code. so it is appropriate that at least two of cournswood 's long-term residents have had strong bletchley connections. the first was wartime naval cryptographer and enigma codebreaker dillwyn knox , who bought it in 1921 and lived there until his death in 1943. his funeral was attended by many from bletchley park , and a memorial stone to knox can be found bordering the property. cournswood house is in
dawn bainbridge -lrb- pictured -rrb- led a ` family business ' stealing thousands of pounds worth of clothes from high street stores before selling them on. a mother-of-two branded ` fagin ' made almost # 50,000 in a lucrative family shoplifting firm with her daughters - and now they have been told to pay back just # 1 each. dawn bainbridge , 47 , of west rainton , county durham , led a ` family business ' that saw her and her two daughters steal thousands of pounds worth of clothes from high street stores across the north and sell them online through facebook. their company ` designer goods north east ' took more
they call themselves the ` thelma and louise of wellness ' and they 've taken mindfulness to the boardrooms of australia. shannah kennedy and lyndall mitchell , who between them have been more than three decades of life coaching experience , are teaching their masterclass of wellness to ceos and executives across the country. skills such as dealing with stress , being aware of trains of thought , and accumulative mindfulness are being taught to professionals in the banking , business and retail sector. ` wellness in the past has all been about the zen ... but actually you can be wearing leather pants , and be zen , ' shannah told daily mail australia. thelma and louise of wellness : shannah kennedy -lrb- left -rrb- and
barcelona are fighting for a league and cup double this season but midfield playmaker ivan rakitic enjoyed some time away from the heat of battle with his family to celebrate st george 's day. rakitic shared a picture with his 425,000 instagram followers of him with his wife and daughter with the caption ` happy st george 's day , i will enjoy with my princesses. ' rakitic 's wife , raquel mauri , also posted an image of her celebrations with barcelona star rakitic. ivan rakitic poses alongside his wife raquel mauri as the pair enjoy the st george 's day celebrations. barcelona man rakitic also shared a
there are more conventional ways to apologise to a loved one after an argument. for many a romantic meal , chocolates or even flowers is the best way to win over an angry partner. but for one hapless romeo or juliet they decided a public declaration of their love was the only way to seek forgiveness. written in black marker pen this series of mysterious cardboard signs have appeared all over a surrey village , with messages like ` please forgive me ' and ` we need to talk. ' ' i love you ' : the mysterious signs that have appeared
prague 's international airport has been forced to hire porters to carry passengers ' luggage up 32 stairs because a multi-million pound construction project did n't budget for an escalator. a new metro line extension opened this week in the czech capital -- transporting travellers closer to the airport than ever before -- but the point where passengers transfer from trains to buses does n't have a moving staircase. that means porters are left to carry travellers ' heavy bags up and down the steep stairs at nadrazi veleslavin station , in north-west prague , from 5am to 10pm every day , free of charge. scroll
-lrb- cnn -rrb- the bored teenager who gunned down a college baseball player in oklahoma simply because he and his two friends `` had nothing to do , '' is now a convicted murderer. chancey allen luna was found guilty of first-degree murder friday for his role in the august 2013 drive-by shooting of christopher lane , a 23-year-old college student in duncan , about 80 miles south of oklahoma city. luna was 16 at the time of the shooting. lane , an australian attending east central university , was jogging when he was shot in the back by a gun fired by luna. a jury recommended friday that luna spend life in prison without
april fool 's pranks are meant to be a bit of light-hearted fun , intended to trigger smiles of embarrassment. but one grandfather unexpectedly reduced his grandchildren to floods of tears yesterday with his practical joke. randy johnston , 68 , from dallas , texas , decided to leave two ` fake poops ' on his granddaughters ' beds. his son then went about filming the moment of discovery. but footage shows that the prank turned out to be decidedly disastrous , with randy 's six-year-old granddaughter porter getting red-faced and dramatically crying in horror. scroll down for video. caught on camera : randy johnston , 68 , from dallas , texas , decided to leave two ` fake poops ' on his granddaughters ' beds
george osborne was challenged 18 times yesterday to explain where the next tory government would find the extra # 8billion it has promised the nhs. during tense exchanges with the bbc 's andrew marr , the chancellor repeatedly ducked questions about exactly how the massive cash boost would be paid for. mr osborne said it would come from the conservatives ' ` balanced plan ' for the economy , but declined to go into further detail. scroll down for video. chancellor george osborne and labour deputy leader harriet harman , appearing on bbc1 's the andrew marr show. in one exchange , mr marr said : ` you 've just found an extra # 8billion. all i 'm asking is where does it come from ? no higher taxes , extra public spending cuts
she shot to fame as the pretty blonde on prince harry 's arm , but cressida bonas is keen to make a name for herself away from the royal limelight. the fledgling actress and dancer has been unveiled as mulberry 's new ambassador - and shows off her modelling skills in new imagery released by the british fashion giant. the 26-year-old poses in an old courthouse in clerkenwell , london , wearing pieces from the somerset-based brand 's spring/summer 2015 collection. cressida bonas , who found fame as prince harry 's girlfriend , has been unveiled as mulberry 's new ambassador and showcases the luxury fashion
-lrb- cnn -rrb- blues legend b.b. king was hospitalized for dehydration , though the ailment did n't keep him out for long. king 's dehydration was caused by his type ii diabetes , but he `` is much better , '' his daughter , claudette king , told the los angeles times. the legendary guitarist and vocalist released a statement thanking those who have expressed their concerns. `` i 'm feeling much better and am leaving the hospital today , '' king said in a message tuesday. angela moore , a publicist for claudette king , said later in the day that he was back home resting
a gang of eight dug a 50m underground tunnel in an attempt to steal the ancient treasures inside a 1,400-year-old temple. the real-life tomb raiders began their daring plan by renting a restaurant across the road from guanghui temple in zhengdin county , north china at the start of february. and while serving snacks to the public at the front of the building , a team on the inside was hard at work with shovels , ladders , and power drills - digging their way towards the temple 's famous hua pagoda. audacious plot : a seven-metre deep tunnel , which led to a 50m-long
a 73-year-old woman died in front of horrified family members after she was knocked over by a canadian tourist while visiting the great wall of china. cui hongfang , from heilongjiang province in north-eastern china , hit the back of her head on a corner of the stone wall after she collided with the 38-year-old canadian woman. police have ruled the tragedy an accident , although they are still investigating the circumstances of the chinese woman 's death. cui hongfang 's family told chinese media that the canadian tourist was running down steep steps. the victim 's husband told the beijing news that his wife was knocked
ryuichi kiyonari bettered the donington park lap record to take put his buildbase bmw on to pole start for the easter monday opening round of the mce british superbike championship. the japanese rider powered in a scorching time of one minute 29.455 seconds. in doing so , he headed off the close attentions of james ellison on the jg speedfit kawasaki by just 0.029 secs. ryuichi kiyonari bettered the donington park lap record to take put his buildbase bmw on to pole start. defending champion shane byrne , despite hand and ankle injuries he suffered last month during testing spain , completed
-lrb- cnn -rrb- well , the thought experiments are finally over. hillary clinton 's online declaration for president means the focus will now shift to the campaign and to what kind of president she might be. and nowhere will the speculation be greater than in the area of foreign policy , certain to be a major issue in the upcoming campaign. should she win , clinton will add to her potential `` firsts '' : first woman president ; the first president who had been a first lady. there 's another one , too : the first secretary of state to become president since james buchanan. only a handful of the nation 's top diplomats have gone
-lrb- cnn -rrb- fans of the late actor paul walker knew that watching him in `` furious 7 '' would be bittersweet. even so , many moviegoers said the final scenes of the new film , which earned a record $ 146 million over the weekend , still packed an emotional wallop. `` not gon na lie , i shed a few tears at the end of furious 7. the tribute to paul walker was very well done , '' one woman said monday on twitter. hers was just one of a flood of messages on social media from people who said they got choked up during scenes featuring walker , who died at 40
do you have a question that is too personal to discuss with even your closest of friends ? do you have a question that is too personal to discuss with even your closest of friends ? a new app has come up with the perfect solution - talk through your problems with total strangers instead. newly launched app , honest , allows users to pose questions , remain anonymous and get feedback from fellow anonymous users. so now you can ask those taboo questions without blushing. the personal dilemmas posted range from relationship questions such as ` i 'm getting married next week and i 'm having doubts , is that normal ? ' to
reality star linsey ` jade ' berardi has died aged 22. linsey starred in season 12 of bad girls club : chicago which aired in may 2014 on oxygen. no details or cause of death have been released. the network confirmed her passing in a statement on friday : ` we are deeply saddened by the loss of linsey ` jade ' berardi , who appeared in season 12. ' scroll down for video. tragic : bad girls club star linsey ` jade ' berardi has died aged 22. ` our deepest sympathy and heartfelt thoughts go out to her family , friends and fans. ' she is reportedly survived by
a queensland man has opened up about a very special friendship between him and his best mate - a crocodile called ` gregory '. mick tabone , 74 , who previously owned and ran johnstone river crocodile farm and zoo in far-north queensland first came across the 5.2 metre croc in 1989. for 20 years the farmer would sit on the enormous creature 's back while he chatted to him , and never once felt as though he was in danger. rangers had already been trying to capture gregory , who had apparently been killing cattle in eubenangee swamp near mirriwinni , 70 kilometres south
the nation has yet to hear the first words of prince george. but thanks to new puppet show newzoids , we can at least get a version of them. in true satirical style , the 20-month-old has been cast as a blinged-up rascal with a tattoo on his arm. teasers for the itv programme -- which starts tonight at 9pm -- show the duke and duchess of cambridge worrying that their son has turned out a little , well , common. scroll down for video. ` rascal ' : a new satire puppet show sees prince george ` blinged-up ' with a tattoo , addressing a female doctor
a gay couple getting married this summer had their wedding plans featured on hillary clinton 's announcement that she is joining the race for the white house. democrat campaigners jared milrad and nate johnson , from chicago , illinois , claimed they were surprised to find out that their same-sex wedding plans were featured on sunday 's video announcing clinton 's 2016 bid. the pair were seen walking hand in hand in what quickly became one of the most widely viewed political clips of the year. milrad 's voice is heard in a voiceover saying : ` i 'm getting married this summer to someone i really care about. ' scroll down for videos. jared milrad -lrb- pictured right -rrb- and his fiancé nate johnson , who
stephanie scott 's devastated father has opened up about the grief her family is feeling as they struggle to come to terms with their daughter 's brutal murder , which took place just days before her much-anticipated wedding. the adored school teacher from leeton went missing on easter sunday and her body was found in nearby bushland the following friday. ms scott 's grieving father robert explained that it is especially painful that stephanie 's life has been taken away when she had so much to look forward to. she was also a person who gave so much joy to others. ` stephanie 's aim was to get everyone feeling like it was their wedding as much as hers , ' mr
tony abbott may have thrilled players at an australian rules function by skolling a beer but he 's drawn the ire of anti-drinking campaigners who claim he 's glorifying binge drinking and associating being a man with drinking booze. julie robert , a cultural studies professor at the university of technology sydney , said it was ` problematic ' that the prime minister , who she believes should be advocating against binge drinking , thought it acceptable to ` showcase his masculinity ' by skolling a beer. ` it sets up a culture that drinking is n't about socialising with friends , it 's about how quickly and how much you can
depraved militants fighting for the islamic state in syria have brutally stoned two gay men to death only seconds after they were photographed embracing and ` forgiving ' them. the shocking images were taken in isis-held territory in the province of homs and show the two accused men being savagely executed by up to four jihadis. huge , bloodthirsty crowds are seen in the desert clearing where the group of executioners made a display of hugging the blindfolded couple and telling them they were forgiven of their ` sins ' , before pummeling them to death with hundreds of fist-sized rocks. shocking : the group of executioners made a display of hugging the blindfolded couple and telling them they were forgiven
a personal injury claims company has collapsed after being fined # 80,000 for plaguing households with nuisance calls -lrb- file picture -rrb-. a personal injury claims company has collapsed after being fined # 80,000 by the privacy watchdog for plaguing households with nuisance calls. direct assist , based in bolton , lancashire , told one complainant that they were likely to be called for three years until they made a claim , despite repeated requests for their details to be removed. the information commissioner 's office -lrb- ico -rrb- and the telephone preference service -lrb- tps -rrb- registered 801 concerns about the company between january 2013
just days after the former australian swimming champion 's unexpected comeback , grant hackett 's father has revealed that the sleeping pill addiction which ruined his son 's personal life and tarnished his career , was triggered by a death threat. former police inspector neville hackett said that his son had ` his life threatened by a well-known associate of criminals ' two years ago , leading the swimmer to immediately hop on a plane to his parent 's home in the gold coast. ' i know he used stilnox while he was swimming but he was n't hooked on it. it was when his life
chelsea will try to add another trophy to their ever-expanding cabinet when the under 19 team take on shakhtar donetsk in the final of the uefa youth league on monday afternoon. adi viveash 's team will start as favourites in nyon , switzerland after their resounding 4-0 win over roma in the semi-finals on friday , a result which continued their free-scoring form in this competition. ahead of the final , we bring you everything you need to know. chelsea striker dominic solanke starred in his side 's emphatic 4-0 semi-final win over roma on friday. solanke has scored 11 uefa youth
manchester united had four different scorers on sunday. at the start of the season i do n't think anyone would have thought that quartet would be anywhere near the team , let alone scoring vital goals in a huge manchester derby. with all that money flashing around you would have picked angel di maria over juan mata , marcus rojo over chris smalling and just about anybody over marouane fellaini and ashley young. but all four have proved their worth. people said mata was too slow but his brain is certainly quick enough. fellaini is now united 's go-to guy and smalling has improved. juan mata celebrates after scoring against manchester city , and he is part of louis van gaal 's ` fab four ' ashley young is another player that few would have expected to be a
a bar is under police investigation after a comedian discovered a secret two-way mirror hanging on a door across from the toilet in the women 's restroom. tamale rocks was performing at chicago bar , cigars and stripes , when she stumbled on the creepy looking glass and filmed a video of the discovery on her smartphone - revealing that opening the door took her into a closet providing a clear view of the stall. but despite public outrage the bar 's owner ronnie lottz told website jezebel he has no plans to get rid of it - even insisting that the
the championship. steve mcclaren 's derby side will make sure of a play-off place with victory at huddersfield provided wolves and brentford are both beaten. just two years on from winning the fa cup , wigan will be relegated if they fail to win at home to brighton -- although rotherham 's fa hearing for fielding an ineligible player could change things were they to be docked points. derby county can make sure of a play-off place with victory against huddersfield if other results go their way. league one. bristol city boss steve cotterill said after his side sealed promotion : ` that 's great , but we have n't won the league yet and that
the six-month-old foal was in a pitiful state. dumped on the side of a busy road outside southampton , emaciated and riddled with worms , he was shivering pitifully in the january chill and clinging to life by a thread. his rescuers called him rupert : a teddy bear name for a teddy bear temperament. despite what he has endured , rupert is a loving , affectionate soul who likes nothing more than to have the back of his head rubbed. to see him today , three months on but still unsteady on his feet , it seems heartless beyond belief that anyone could leave such a vulnerable creature to die. sixteen-year-old elise , from eaton
it is always revealing to see how players respond to adversity and joe root has reacted magnificently to being left out of last year 's sydney test. i can remember players left out when i played having a moan in the dressing room and spouting nonsense about how they did not fit in. what root has done is have a look at himself , stay quiet and then produce hundred after hundred to ensure he will not be left out in a hurry again. joe root showed plenty of grit , as well as talent , in yet another big innings for england. root has bounced back from a difficult ashes tour to prove himself as a quality test batsman. around
these pictures show the moment a mercedes became sandwiched between two london buses following a four-vehicle pile-up in central london. two people were treated at the scene by paramedics following the crash in goodge street this morning. it forced the closure of the road near the junction with tottenham court road. scroll down for video. sandwiched : a mercedes , believed to have been operated as a minicab , became wedged between two london buses this morning. the four-vehicle crash happened in goodge street. two people were treated at the scene. long delays : the four-vehicle pile-up , which also involved an audi tt , forced the closure of the road
like many teenage girls , madison hurd had been dreaming of her prom all year. but a sudden infection landed the 16-year-old junior from seward , nebraska in the hospital , and it seemed like there was no chance she 'd make it to her special night. that is , until nurses and hurd 's friends brought prom right to her bed at the children 's hospital and medical center in omaha. after a sudden infection landed madison hurd , 16 , in the hospital and forced her to miss her high school 's prom , nurses and her friends brought the great gatsby-themed dance
crawling commando-style underneath an open-sided land rover , i came virtually nose to nose with a 4,500 lb horned rhino. i tried to slow my breathing as she looked straight at me. i needed to be calm to take my shot. there were three other rhinos with her and , let 's be honest , they 're not called a crash of rhino for nothing. i raised my camera and began to photograph what could soon become an extinct pachyderm. the luxurious ulusaba game reserve is in south africa 's sabi sands and is sir richard branson 's private reserve. thankfully the female found my scrawny presence of absolutely no consequence
with superfans already eagerly camped out at st. mary 's hospital ahead of kate middleton 's due date , it seems that the birth of prince george in 2013 did nothing to diminish the undeniable global fascination surrounding royal babies. and it 's not just brits that are starting to make excited estimations , the frenzy has reached america where there are more than a few guesses about royal baby particulars. international research firm , yougov , has conducted a poll asking the uk and the us their opinions on the second child , and it turns out , views are
cpre president sir andrew motion , who is demanding a national clean-up. council chiefs were condemned last night after claiming it was too dangerous to collect the roadside litter blighting britain. winchester council in hampshire said its annual clean-up of roads around the city had been hit by new health and safety executive rules designed to protect litter-pickers from traffic. but the hse denied tightening rules -- and said councils were ` over-interpreting ' legislation. last night , former poet laureate sir andrew motion , now president of the campaign to protect rural england , accused town hall bosses and the highways agency of ruining the countryside by failing to remove rubbish. he said : ` every day , people tell us that they are
robert downey jr has been accused of making a racist remark about an oscar-winning mexican director during an interview. the actor , who is promoting his new film avengers : age of ultron , was asked what he thought of alejandro gonzalez inarritu 's claim that superhero movies were ` cultural genocide '. the hollywood star told the guardian : ` look i respect the heck out of him. i think for a man whose native tongue is spanish to be able to put together a phrase like ` cultural genocide ' just speaks to how bright he is. ' the controversial comments sparked a furious backlash on twitter , with some calling it ` racist ' and ` ignorant
tom hanks ' wife rita wilson has revealed she was recently diagnosed with breast cancer and has undergone a double mastectomy and reconstructive surgery. the 58-year-old actress , who took a leave of absence from broadway play ` fish in the dark ' earlier this month , shared the news through a statement published by people magazine on tuesday. she explained that her first test for cancer came back negative but that she was correctly diagnosed after seeking a second opinion and underwent the procedure last week. ` last week , with my husband by my side , and with the love and support of family and friends , i underwent a bilateral mastectomy and reconstruction for breast cancer after a diagnosis of invasive lobular carcinoma ,
we may not be able to hear it , but the earth is constantly oscillating and creating a hum that has been likened to the ring of a bell. it 's long been known that earthquakes and their seismic activity contribute to this ringing , but researchers have now proved ocean waves also play a role. as so-called short waves collide near the surface they create weak microseismic waves , which combine with long , more powerful waves dragging across the ocean 's floor to create the constant hum. it 's long been known that earthquakes contribute to making the earth ring like a bell , but researchers have now proved ocean waves also play a
it started out as a sweet family moment on a day trip to the zoo : a little girl beating her chest at a gorilla , safely separated by a pane of glass. but it seems the silverback at the nebraska zoo was less amused. the massive animal - who had been standing at the back of the enclosure - clearly decides enough is enough , and runs at the onlookers. playful : the little girl can be seen in the window beating her chest at one of the gorillas. cross : but the gorilla 's friend in the background is n't quiet as keen on the game. sprint
aubrey de grey -lrb- pictured -rrb- says ageing is a ` disease that can and should be cured ' with his rasputin beard and lines etched deep into his forehead , aubrey de grey looks like a man a lot older than his 51 years. a penchant for beer , fried food and an aversion to exercise could fool you into believing the lanky ex-public schoolboy cares little about ageing. but you would be wrong. for de grey , a charismatic harrow school and cambridge-educated biomedical theorist , firmly believes there is no reason , with the right ` therapies ' , why any of us should n't reach 500 ,
it was the moment a man , hands open in peace , stood up to a swastika-tattooed neo-nazi with his fists clenched in rage. a striking picture , taken by photographer kenji wardenclyffe , captured the explosive moment during a melbourne protest against the ` islamisation ' of australia. the dramatic scenes occurred after reclaim australia , an anti-islam group , organised protests at major cities across australia , which were countered by anti-racism activists who held rallies in the same locations. the reclaim australia event in melbourne was also crashed by neo-nazis , who spectacularly clashed with anti-racism groups. scroll down for video. a number of men with shaved heads
-lrb- cnn -rrb- as art , film stills are often overlooked. the photographers tend to be anonymous ; it 's easy to imagine their work done by the director or cinematographer. their images are often lumped in with the promotional machinery : whether documenting the stars frolicking on set or getting down to business , it 's just another form of salesmanship. which is why the work of ernst haas is so striking. haas , one of the 20th century 's great photojournalists and image-makers -- an early member of the great magnum photos cooperative who was famous enough in his prime to have been the subject of a museum of modern art exhibit in 1962 -- was also a regular on movie sets. it was a
comments : veteran broadcaster peter alliss has sparked controversy by claiming gender equality laws have backfired and ` b ***** ed up the game ' veteran broadcaster peter alliss has sparked controversy by claiming gender equality laws have backfired and ` b ***** ed up the game '. alliss , 84 , has said that legislation designed to stop golf clubs from discriminating against female members has instead prompted a decline in women 's membership. some clubs had previously only allowed female members if they played at restricted times in return for a discounted membership fee. but the equality act 2010 , drafted by the previous labour government , ruled that this was illegal discrimination , which means that women must now have equal access to the course --
sir nick faldo will now know for sure whether rory mcilroy is bulking up too much after appearing to give the world no 1 a squeeze during monday 's practice round at augusta national. after mcilroy was on the cover of men 's health magazine and admitted he was ` obsessed with the gym ' , faldo , a three-time masters winner , voiced his concern that the 25-year-old was spending too much time on the weights. faldo last week told the daily telegraph : ` throwing 200lb and 300lb weights around is not going to be good for your golf swing. the heaviest weight i would ever lift was my body weight.
sauntering down leafy avenues past typical dutch step-gabled buildings , carpets of crocuses , the occasional cyclist whooshing quietly by and the sun bouncing off the canal , i can think of few more pleasant places to spend a spring weekend than the hague. this is also prime territory for a gallery lover like me : the beautiful , elegant and not-too-big mauritshuis was restored last year. this is also the home of girl with a pearl earring , the ` dutch mona lisa '. but i am not only here for the vermeer , rembrandt and hals. much more than a village : the parliament building stands proud in the hague - a hidden gem of a city. there
australian mp andrew robb bravely revealed one of the unusual methods he used for more a decade to stave off depression. the minister for investment and trade , who battled depression for 43 years , appeared on abc 's q&a program , and said he tried to trick himself into thinking he was happy with an unconventional approach. ` for 10 years , i drove to work with a pen in my mouth because someone told me if your face is configured like you 're smiling , your brain thinks you are and it releases endorphins , ' he said. scroll down for video. australian mp andrew robb bravely revealed one of the unusual methods he used
it had seemed likely to be the moment amateur jockey lewis ferguson had dreamt of -- a first win on his first ride for new boss , champion trainer paul nicholls. but as he approaches the final fence of the john dufosee memorial hunter chase at wincanton , clear leader merrion square swerves and he loses his balance. as merrion square cleanly jumps the fence alongside him , the 18-year-old rider 's waist collides with the fence with such force that he pivots. the birch of the fence acts like a spring board as ferguson is made to look like a crash-test dummy as his momentum is brought to a juddering
angela spent many years wearing high heel shoes. four years ago , a shopping trip was torture for angela kelly , 67. though still a super-fit events organiser , the former over-50s all england badminton mixed doubles champion was reduced to hobbling at a snail 's pace , hanging onto her trolley for support. it may sound as though angela was struggling with a debilitating disease or catastrophic accident. in fact , she was suffering from the painful legacy of a lifetime wearing high heels. her story is a cautionary tale for those of us who blithely slip our feet into shoes several inches high
this too-close-for-comfort video shows a swirling ` landspout ' tornado tearing up the texas countryside from just 100 yards away. daredevil stan cole , an iraq veteran , captured the wall of wind as it gulped up dust from the fields in loraine , western texas. he took the footage with his friend ricky bailey while the two were out in a tractor on wednesday evening. scroll down for video. vortex : stan cole , an iraq and afghanistan veteran , filmed this landspout from just 100 yards away in loraine , texas. cole told local news station ktxs that he felt chunks of mud start hitting the vehicle , at which point the two
manchester united will have to wear nike kit during their summer tour of the us , despite their world-record deal with adidas. the club are expected to jet across the atlantic in july for a trip of around 12 days , which would have been an ideal opportunity to showcase their new gear following their # 750m , 10-year agreement. however , their existing deal with nike runs until the end of july and sportsmail understands there is no buy-out agreement that would allow the club to exit the agreement early has been agreed. manchester united will have to wear nike kit during their summer us tour , despite their new adidas deal. wayne rooney and co are expected
a greedy mother who told a 13-year-old volunteer to ` f *** off ' was evicted from a family easter egg hunt after she took more than her fair share of chocolate treats. the woman in her mid - to late 30s , who is believed to have had two or three children participating , was at melbourne 's greatest ever easter egg hunt , which was run by zaidee 's rainbow foundation at caulfield racecourse on saturday. she was escorted out of the racecourse , in melbourne 's south-east , when she became ` irate ' after a young volunteer at
-lrb- cnn -rrb- jacob lawrence 's groundbreaking work , `` the migration of the negro , '' is a series of 60 small paintings with text depicting the lives of millions of pre-world war ii blacks as they moved from the oppressive south to the promise of a better life in the north. one frame in particular , no. 22 , shows three black men dressed in their sunday best , handcuffed , heads bowed standing in front of a window adorned with prison bars. the caption reads :. `` another of the social causes of the migrants ' leaving was that at times they did not feel safe , or it was not the best thing to be found on the
all facebook users have them - those friends who are so in love with their newborn baby they clog up your news feed with constant doting updates. but one group of women were so fed up with their friend 's ` running commentary ' they went to the extreme measure of putting an anonymous letter in her mailbox demanding she give everyone ' a break '. jade ruthven , 33 , of perth , western australia , was shocked when she found the scathing note claiming to be from ` a few of the girls ' , cruelly criticising her for posting photos of her six-month-old daughter addison on facebook. ` dear jade , i have got together with a few of the girls and we are all
a sign on a diner window in oklahoma asking a homeless person who had been going through their rubbish to come for a free meal. the kindness of a diner owner who offered a free meal to a homeless person who had been searching through her rubbish has gone viral. ashley jiron , owner of p.b. jams in warr acres , oklahoma , noticed that someone had been looking for food in the bins behind her restaurant and decided try and get in contact with them. she taped a sign to her diner window appealing to the person to come forward , so that she could give them a proper meal - free of charge. the notice read : ` to the person going
comedian sarah silverman is encouraging women to understand their worth and ask for equal pay in a new campaign in which she recounts a time she was discriminated against because of her gender. the 44-year-old , who is known for her wicked sense of humor , gets serious for levo league 's ask4more campaign , which calls for women to request the salaries that they deserve in honor of equal pay day on april 14. ' i think the best person for the job should get jobs , ' she says in the campaign video. ` i 'm all for women having to
when president obama met usain bolt he could not resist joining the world-class sprinter in striking his trademark ` lightning pose '. during the encounter on thursday , obama spoke about the six-time olympic champion saying ` nobody 's ever been faster than this guy. ever ... of all the billions of people. ' he then told bolt ` wait , wait should we get a pose here ? come on man show me ' before the pair busted out in the sprinter 's signature pose for cameras. scroll down for video. when president obama -lrb- right -rrb- met usain bolt -lrb- left -rrb- he could not resist joining the world-class sprinter in striking his trademark ` lightning pose ' before striking
five time emmy-winning actress candice bergen , now 68 , confesses she was the highest paid actor in television for a lot of years after playing the title role in the hit cbs sitcom , murphy brown that ran for ten years starting in 1988. ` the job security was incredible. and i never wanted it to end ; doing murphy brown was insanely fun '. ` i have made a lot of money. most of this is the incomparable tv money. nothing like it '. after the first year of the hit tv show , when she won the golden globe and emmy for best actress , her salary headed skyward for over
the worry for virgil van dijk is obvious. holland 's national team have already conceded more goals in five euro 2016 qualifiers than they lost in the entire qualifying campaign for the last world cup. and still guus hiddink never calls or writes. the celtic defender made it into two squads last year. but one step forward is usually followed by two steps back. when the dutch were drawing 1-1 with turkey the other night he was sunning himself in the arabian gulf and bumping into club-mates instead. virgil van dijk has been in fine form for celtic but was n't rewarded with a call-up
eight coffins lined the stage of a maryland auditorium for the funeral services saturday for a family that died from carbon monoxide poisoning in their home earlier this month. the todd family - a 36-year-old father and his seven children aged six to 15 - were tragically killed as they slept in their princess anne home. father rodney todd was raising the children after divorcing their mother in november. the six-hour funeral service brought 1,200 people to the ella fitzgerald auditorium at the university of maryland eastern shore on saturday to pay their respect to the family. scroll down for video. mourners
that little voice inside your head that tells you to keep eating is , in fact , simply a cluster of around 10,000 brain cells. now scientists believe they have found tiny triggers inside those cells that give rise to this ` voice ' and ruin a dieter 's good intentions. the new research , done on fish and mice , could someday lead to pills that will be able to quieten that voice or increase its volume. the research focused on pomc neurons , which are a structure called the hypothalamus , that send and receive signals to regulate appetite. on the left , images of normal hypothalamus
made famous by their ` matchy matchy ' style and twin-like looks -lrb- despite the five year age difference -rrb- , the melbourne based fashion duo jess , 22 , and stef , 27 , dadon are now set to take their crazy style collaborations to a new level. the sisters have teamed up with ` print all over me ' - an innovative online new york-based company that allows you to digitally design your own prints - and buffalo shoes , the brand behind the spice girls ' trademark platforms. introduced to the company via a mutual friend in the u.s. , the girls knew it was a match made in heaven. ` we both have a love of colour and prints and so we said lets do something crazy together , ' says stef. scroll down for video. quirky collab : sister duo jess and stef dadon have teamed up with new york company ' print all over me ' cocktails and creativity : the sisters are heading to la soon for summer to launch new shoe line
jordan henderson has provided liverpool with a lift after their fa cup heartache by agreeing a new long-term contract. the club 's vice-captain had 14 months remaining on his current contract and his advisors had been in talks with liverpool since the beginning of this season. they have now reached a resolution and henderson is expected to put pen-to-paper on improved terms that are likely be worth in the region of # 100,000. his new deal will run to 2020. liverpool midfielder jordan henderson is set to sign a new long-term contract at anfield. henderson chases down aston villa 's jack grealish during liverpool 's fa cup semi-final defeat at wembley. henderson 's new deal is worth around # 100,000-a-week and will
a woman driver in her 80s caused chaos when she drove the wrong way along the busy a13 in essex. the dual carriageway was shut for an hour on monday afternoon after she drove a red peugeot towards southend -- but on the london-bound stretch. some cars were forced into the central barrier and one man needed treatment for neck and back injuries. tailbacks : the dual carriageway was shut for an hour after the pensioner drove a red peugeot towards southend - but on the london-bound track. sam butt , 33 , from leigh , was one of those who needed to take evasive action. ` i 'd just changed into the left lane when ... all
vanessa moe 's debut showing at mercedes benz fashion week australia sees her stand among some of our most iconic labels and style forecasters. but unfortunately for the up-and-comer , her minimalist collection was outshone by her distracting choice of headwear for the models. a selection of models charged down the runway in masks and headpieces that looked remarkably like sheets of plastic blowing against their faces. scroll down for video. wearable ? vanessa moe 's debut collection at mercedes benz fashion week australia featured plastic bag-like headwear. environmentally unfriendly : a selection of models charged down the runway in masks and headpieces that looked remarkably like sheets of plastic blowing against their
a man finally freed satisfied a well-earned fast food craving by eating his first hamburger after being wrongfully imprisoned for 36 years. michael hanline , 69 , was convicted of murder for the fatal shooting of truck driver jt mcgarry in 1980 , and on wednesday a judge dismissed the charges against him. in a video posted on april 20 by the california innocence project , which has been working to free hanline since 1999 , he is seen on the day he was released at the counter of a carl 's jr asking for a hamburger ` they show on tv with
long distance relatives , small budgets and short time frames are all aspects that can make planning a wedding stressful. as unlikely as it sounds , ikea has promised to eliminate all of these worries , with their new virtual service , wedding online. they may be better known for their ready-to-assemble furniture , but the swedish company 's new service could revolutionise the way that couples tie the knot. scroll down for video. ikea 's new service , wedding online , allows couples to get virtually hitched and have guests attending from all over the world. ikea may be better known for their home furnishings -lrb- left -rrb- , but now , the company also hosts legally-binding weddings. wedding online
a prisoner who helped stab a man in a random attack has been posting photographs of himself posing in his cell on facebook - just a day after another inmate was filmed partying in jail. royston coates , who is serving a 10-year sentence for wounding , boasted about watching tv from prison and showed off his muscles in a string of pictures. he also encouraged friends to call him on his mobile - even though both phones and social media are banned in all prisons. it is the second such incident to emerge within two days , after a murderer was caught drinking prison hooch in a video
andres iniesta has praised manchester united boss louis van gaal for helping him make the breakthrough into the barcelona first team. van gaal was barca manager when iniesta made his debut for the spanish club during the 2002-03 campaign , and the spain international has admitted he is grateful to van gaal for placing trust in him to make his senior debut. ' i think my first team debut was the most important day , iniesta told barcelona 's youtube channel. ` it was the most important because i 'd been dreaming about it for so long. louis van gaal gave andres iniesta his barcelona debut during
dogs are usually maestros when it comes to games of throw and catch - especially when there 's food involved. but fritz the golden retriever from california appears to lack any eye-mouth co-ordination skills , as a new video shows. the pooch was filmed wearing bunny ears this easter trying - and miserably failing - to catch a hard-boiled egg between his teeth. slow-motion footage shows him licking his lips and enthusiastically leaping up to catch the treat. however , despite his best efforts , the egg narrowly misses his jaw , bounces off his chest and hits the grass instead. a defeated fritz is then seen hanging his head low , with his
it looks like a doll 's house that 's been dropped from a great height. a bathtub dangles at a crazy angle. bedclothes hang in the breeze. bricks are scattered everywhere. this was susan house 's beloved home after a huge explosion ripped off two of the walls and left the rest of the property on the brink of collapse. susan house amazingly survived a huge gas explosion that ripped through her farmhouse - because she was out walking her dogs at the time. fire crews were called after a tremendous blast was heard , blowing the back wall and windows out and causing substantial damage to the roof. ms house went for a stroll shortly before the detached property exploded yesterday
this week the world has been amazed by the story of a german pensioner who is pregnant with quadruplets at the age of 65. annegret raunigk , from berlin , is already a mother of 13 but decided to expand her family further after her youngest child told her : ' i want to have a little brother or sister. ' someone who understands annegret 's position well is britain 's older mother , sue tollefsen , from essex. scroll down for video. sue tollefsen on today 's this morning where she revealed what it 's like being a mother to seven-year-old when she is now aged 64. she gave birth to her only child , freya , in 2008 when she was aged 57. now seven , freya has often asked her mother if she could have a brother or sister and
charlie austin has revealed how his good mate joey barton ignored him on his first day at queens park rangers before realising his mistake - with the duo then becoming good friends. the striker has had a premier league debut season to remember and is being touted as a possible england debutant in the future after scoring 15 goals in the competition. his close friendship with club captain barton is well publicised but they 're first encounter is one austin is unlikely to forget. charlie austin -lrb- left -rrb- and joey barton have become good friends despite their very early setback. speaking to the guardian he said : ` my first day , i came to the training ground within 45 minutes of
louis van gaal celebrated his derby demolition in style on sunday night as he was snapped with manchester city women 's players toni duggan and isobel christiansen in a restaurant. duggan uploaded a photograph on instagram of her , christiansen and everton 's michelle hinnigan at wing 's chinese restaurant following united 's 4-2 win against their great rivals city , and wrote : ` heyyy louis van g !!!! nice to share a wings with you ... -lsb- sic -rsb-. ' duggan later deleted the post. duggan has since removed the photo from instagram and issued an apology on facebook. her apology read : ' i would like to apologise to all mcfc fans for the error of judgement i made last night. ' i now appreciate the significance
adam rooney is determined to prevent a season of outstanding personal achievement from ending with a sting its tail. the prospect of watching celtic celebrate title glory inside pittodrie would , he admits , be a painful experience to bear. after sticking to the coat-tails of the champions for so long , this would be the most unwelcome denouement imaginable. should the current eight-point gap between the teams remain intact , then ronny deila 's side will have the chance to clinch a fourth successive premiership crown when they head to the north-east on may 10. aberdeen striker adam rooney does not want to see celtic win the league on their patch on
kitted out : mr carney out running in hyde park. just how many water bottles does a man need when running ? if you 're the governor of the bank of england , the answer seems to be four. mark carney was spotted on a day off from helping to run the economy jogging in london 's hyde park sporting a high-tech running belt with no fewer than four water bottles. the keen runner , who training for the london marathon later this month , was wearing a nathan speed 4 fuel belt , which also features a zip pocket perfect for storing high-carb energy gel packs. the belt is available for $ 64.95 -lrb- # 35 -rrb- at kintec , a canadian sports retailer based in vancouver , suggesting mr carney , originally from
-lrb- cnn -rrb- percy sledge , the r&b belter whose biggest hit , `` when a man loves a woman , '' became a cornerstone of soul music , died tuesday. he was 73. sledge died in baton rouge , louisiana , said stephanie price of the east baton rouge parish coroner 's office. sledge died of natural causes , said east baton rouge parish coroner dr. william clark. he had been in hospice care for cancer , clark added. in a career that started in the 1960s , sledge had a number of hits , including `` take time to know her , '' `` warm and tender love '' and `` it tears me up '' among them. but his first and biggest hit
when a one direction fan got the chance to wash niall horan 's clothes , she wanted to make the most of the opportunity to get up close and personal to the star. ashleigh sokie was asked to wash the singer 's shirt and underwear while he was staying in augusta in georgia for the us masters , and then decided to try them on for size herself. the 20-year-old then took a photograph of herself in the star 's polo shirt and posted it on twitter. she also claimed to have taken his underwear as a trophy. scroll down for video. ashleigh sokie was asked to wash one direction
second-hand car dealer neil tuckett has turned his back on the modern vehicle and only sells henry ford 's famous model t. despite his newest models being nearly 90 years old , the businessman , from buckinghamshire , is selling one every week , including to the tv and film industry who have used then in shows such as downton abbey. mr tuckett says his customers love the model t - the first affordable mass-produced car - because they do n't require need road tax or an mot and are cheaper to maintain than a modern car , with each one selling for around
eye of the beholder. by laura j snyder. -lrb- head of zeus , # 25 -rrb-. the behaviour of dutch natural scientist antoni van leeuwenhoek was nothing if not eccentric. in 1677 , at the age of 41 , he embarked on an extraordinarily gruesome experiment , using his body as a guinea pig. antoni van leeuwenhoek -lrb- pictured in a portrait -rrb- used his body as a guinea pig in an experiment. he took three lice , nestled them among the hairs of his calf , rolled up a tight stocking so that the insects were bound to his leg and then left the stocking on and did not bathe for six days. on the seventh
lionel messi 's foot swelling is still a concern for barcelona after the argentine star missed both games for his country during the international break , and he now faces tests to determine whether he will be fit to tackle celta vigo on sunday. the worries about messi 's fitness make the front cover of spanish paper sport , who say that the four-time ballon d'or winner wants to play as his side look to close in on the la liga title. however , those hopes could be curtailed by tests on thursday. team-mate gerard pique had spoken of his optimism regarding messi 's chances of playing on saturday but it seems
michael phelps is aiming to compete in a fifth olympics next year in rio , although the 18-time olympic champion wo n't swim in the world championships this summer. phelps confirmed his intention to make one last run at the olympics on wednesday. ` you guys heard it here first , ' he told reporters at skyline aquatic center , where he will be competing in his first meet since serving a six-month suspension by usa swimming after a second drunken driving arrest last fall. ' i am looking forward to next year. i do n't think it 's too hard to really
a photographer captured an intimidating site as he parachuted off the coast of south florida last week. photographer john massung was flying over sebastian inlet on thursday when he saw hundreds of sharks swarming just 100 feet from the beach. massung says he flew for about a mile down the shore and that the hordes of sharks never ended. a fellow photographer was even further out and saw the same scene. worst nightmare : a swarm of sharks was spotted off the coast of south florida last thursday. stay out of the water : when the following pictures were posted to facebook , users theorized that the swarm was
the father of the little girl who starred in a photograph that sent the internet into a frenzy because of a mystery pair of boots has ` no idea ' what the object could be. martin springall , 38 , photographed his young daughter - who he wished not be named - standing near a rocky outcrop in zushi , japan , in july 2014. he said he was living and working in tokyo , around an hour north , and wanted to send a picture ` to my wife , who was at work '. ' i took a series of them , ' mr springall said via email. ` it was
an indian-style bungalow that was built in sussex in the victorian era and preserved to maintain its 1880s facade has gone on the market for # 1million. pleasaunce cottage in dormans park near east grinstead has been lovingly upheld to how its first owners intended it in the 19th century. with wood paneling on indoor ceilings and a large veranda at its front , the unique property is one of the first ever bungalows built in the country. it has gone on the market for # 985,000 , with historians eager to put it forward for listing to further protect its heritage. pleasaunce cottage in dormans park in east grinstead has gone on sale for almost
-lrb- cnn -rrb- one year after it was perpetrated , the kidnapping of nearly 300 schoolgirls by a jihadist group in nigeria remains a crime almost too horrifying to comprehend : hundreds of teenaged girls , just finishing school , destined perhaps for significant achievement -- kidnapped , never to be seen again. `` this crime has rightly caused outrage both in nigeria and across the world , '' the country 's president-elect , muhammadu buhari , said tuesday in marking the anniversary. `` today is a time to reflect on the pain and suffering of the victims , their friends and families. our thoughts and prayers , and that of the whole nigerian nation , are with you today. '' the girls were abducted on the night of april 14-15 , 2014
-lrb- cnn -rrb- malala yousafzai 's stellar career has included a nobel peace prize. last week , she made it into outer space. a nasa astrophysicist has named an asteroid after the teenage education activist from pakistan , who was gravely wounded by a pakistani taliban gunman for promoting the right of girls ' to go to school. it took a meticulous medical response to save her life more than two years ago. but malala recovered with no serious neurological damage to become a powerhouse for her cause. after reading her story , scientist amy mainzer , who also consults for pbs on a children 's educational
the issue of gender equality has been a hotly contested subject in the workplace for several years now , and recent statistics show that nothing much has changed. there are only three countries in the entire world where you are more likely to have a female boss than a male boss. a study by us research firm , expert market , looking at data from the international labour organisation -lrb- ilo -rrb- revealed that jamaica is the country where you 're most likely to have a female boss. jamaica , colombia and saint lucia , all relatively close to each other , have the highest percentage of female managers in the world. the world
shane dunn , 25 , from tunbridge wells , stabbed victim ian garrod , 55 , in the neck after meeting on the gay dating app grindr. a drug-fuelled thug calling himself ` gypsy lad ' slashed a middle-aged man around the throat with a kitchen knife after meeting him on the gay dating app grindr. shane dunn , 25 , from tunbridge wells , kent , carried out the attack after going back to ian garrod 's home in medway for sex in september last year. but when the 55-year-old sat on the bed , dunn - who was said to be ` cool as a cucumber ' during the attack - stabbed him in the throat. dunn , who was high
the eminent plastic surgeon who treated acid attack victim katie piper molested another patient after getting drunk in his surgery , a tribunal was told yesterday. mohammad ali jawad , 56 , allegedly dimmed the lights , shut the blinds and asked her to dance to the music of julio iglesias before massaging her neck and touching her breasts. to the strains of the spanish singer crooning on his iphone , he is claimed to have asked her : ` do you see me as a man or a surgeon ? ' dr mohammad ali jawad , pictured with former patient katie piper. today a medical tribunal heard how he allegedly molested another patient at his surgery in marylebone , central london after getting drunk. the woman
lewis hamilton has come under fire for spraying a hostess in the face with champagne after winning the chinese grand prix in shanghai on sunday. the reigning world champion won his second race in three to start the 2015 season , but his podium celebrations have drawn some criticism. a leading group which campaigns against sexism has condemned the behavior of the driver as ` selfish and inconsiderate ' , saying he should be forced to apologise for ` specially directing ' the bubbly into the woman 's face. lewis hamilton celebrates winning the chinese grand prix by spraying a hostess in the face with champagne. the hostess looks less than impressed as she is sprayed with champagne on the podium in shanghai. roz hardie , chief executive of object , a campaign on media sexism and ` sex object culture ' , said : `
this dog 's certainly not setting a good example to the youngsters under her charge. gemma the pit bull was filmed at home in california being fed some treats. but in a bid to trick her , her owner throws a broccoli spear into the mix. immediately the canine pulls a look of disgust as she chomps on the vegetable. she then proceeds to spit it out on the floor. let 's hope the two children she lives with do n't follow her lead and they learn to love their greens. when she 's not filling her face , other videos show gemma enjoys sleeping and hanging out with her human family. yuck : gemma the pit bull was filmed at home in california being fed some treats , but in
` my , my ! at waterloo napoleon did surrender , ' sang sweden 's fab four in their famous eurovision song contest winner. now this may come as a surprise , but you would be well advised not to rely on abba to help with your history homework. if benny and bjorn actually laboured under this surrendering misapprehension when they wrote their song -lrb- songwriters are not hot on facts -- happy to say anything as long as it rhymes -rrb- , they would have discovered the truth when they subsequently paid a visit to the wellington museum in waterloo , just
president barack obama invited the super bowl champion new england patriots to the white house on thursday - but could n't help but get one last deflategate joke in. the president opened his speech on the south lawn by remarking ` that whole -lrb- deflategate -rrb- story got blown out of proportion , ' referring to an investigation that 11 out of 12 footballs used in the afc championship game were under-inflated. but then came the zinger : ' i usually tell a bunch of jokes at these events , but with the patriots in town i was worried that 11 out of 12 of them would fall flat.
right now , you may feel that you know the inside of david cameron 's kitchens -- yes , both of them -- better than your own. two weeks ago the prime minister let the bbc film him preparing lunch at his home in his oxfordshire constituency. then this weekend it was the no 10 kitchen that was the focus of attention as he made a pitch for the family vote by being pictured at breakfast with wife samantha and their three children. scroll down for video. breakfast time : david and samantha cameron talk to their nine-year-old son elwen in tonight 's itv film. making a point : mr cameron chats with his children over the no 10 breakfast table during the itv show. and tonight
scottish golfer carly booth took to instagram to show off her impressive bikini body , as she posted the revealing selfie to her 9,778 followers. the 22-year-old is currently in mauritius for a photo shoot with golf punk magazine and has been keen to show off her assets while away. booth posted a behind the scenes snap on instagram with the caption : ` thank you @golfpunk magazine for a fun day #golfpunk #golf. ' carly booth poses with her golf club as she takes part in the golf punk magazine photo shoot in mauritius. booth posted photos on her instagram showing off her impressive bikini body while on the indian
forget chicken fingers and fries -- neil patrick harris and david burtka 's twins prefer much more foodie-approved fare than the average four-year-old. in a recent interview , david , 39 , explained how being a personal chef and graduate of the famed le cordon bleu cooking school has helped him to influence his children 's culinary tastes. ' i cook for them a ton ! ' he told the new potato. ` my kids are crazy eaters. they have incredible palates. ' scroll down for video. say cheese : neil patrick harris and david burtka 's adorable twins love food and have unusually refined palates for four-year-olds , including a love for seafood and spices. shared duties : chef david does most of
forget the must-have wine cellar , hot-tub or # 1,700 italian coffee-maker -- the latest domestic fashion is for private home cinemas. many of the super-rich are having them built -- complete with huge comfy seats and cup-holders , eardrum-blasting surround-sound systems , massive screens and even cocktail bars and popcorn-makers. celebrities with a home cinema include the sherlock actor benedict cumberbatch , retail tycoon sir philip green and chelsea fc owner roman abramovich. and this week we learnt that the beckhams want one , too. forget the must-have wine cellar , hot-tub or # 1,700 italian coffee-maker -- the latest domestic fashion is for
unblinking eyes stare from decapitated heads and loose limbs are piled up on the shelves in what looks like a little shop of horrors. but what appears to be the final resting place of childhood toys is , in fact , a hospital where dolls in need of repair are given a new lease of life. the hospital of dolls , or ospedale delle bambole as it is known in rome , was built by the squatriti family 60 years ago and today their descendants , federico squatriti , 52 , and his 82-year-old mother gelsomina continue the family tradition. scroll down for video. painstaking : gelsomina squatriti , 82 , works
like the old saying goes : if it seems too good to be true , it probably is. a melbourne based couple learnt this the hard way after a crowdfunding page they launched received a baffling pledge for over $ 2 billion. within an hour , the momentous donation to a kangaroo preservation project launched by ecologists euan ritchie and jen martin had vanished , and they still have n't been able to track down the would-be benefactor. scroll down for video. euan ritchie and jen martin 's crowdfunding page they launched received a baffling pledge for over $ 2 billion. ` my initial reaction was shock and disbelief ,
pele and franz beckenbauer were reunited on friday to light up the empire state building in new york cosmos green ahead of the start of the new season. as has become tradition , the top of the iconic building in new york has turned green for the weekend to celebrate the start of cosmos ' north american soccer league season , and the occasion was marked by two very special guests. beckenbauer and pele are two of the greatest footballers ever to have lived , and the pair played for new york cosmos together in the late 1970s. as the former noted , they were pioneers at the time , bringing football to a territory that
petrol heads suffering top gear withdrawals will be pleased to know the car show-sized hole in their lives will soon be filled by the return of for the love of cars for a second series. the channel 4 programme , hosted by actor philip glenister and car designer ant anstead , celebrates the duo 's love affair with classic cars. and each episode looks at the history of various types of vehicles , as the pair give old-bangers a new lease of life by restoring them to their former glory. actor philip glenister and car designer ant anstead return to present a new series of for the love of cars. a teaser from the first episode shows glenister -- perhaps most recognisable behind the wheel of
a mother who spent months feeling unwell was horrified to discover she probably had cancer - after spotting all her symptoms on a facebook post. laura everley , 36 , had experienced bloating , lower back pain and constipation over a three-month period. she also frequently needed to urinate. but having previously suffered irritable bowel syndrome and endometriosis , she put the symptoms down to those conditions. it was only when she stumbled across a post on her facebook timeline , which detailed all the same symptoms , that she realised it could be cancer. tests later revealed she had an aggressive ovarian tumour - and
richie benaud has passed away at the age of 84 after a short battle with skin cancer but the man who spoke with an unrivalled blend of insight , authority and wit from commentary boxes at cricket matches across the globe will always be remembered. here , sportsmail recounts 10 of his finest moments from his broadcasting career. richie benaud , one of cricket 's great personalities , has died at the age of 84 after battling skin cancer. 1. ball of the century. benaud was on hand to talk viewers through shane warne 's first test delivery for australia in england in the 1993 ashes , which turned out to be a stunning
a new york taxi driver has been ordered to pay a lesbian couple $ 10,000 in damages after he told them to stop kissing in the back of his cab. mohammed dahbi discriminated against actress kassie thornton and her tv executive partner christy spitzer after ordering them to ` keep that behavior for the bedroom '. he warned that if they ignored his request during the trip on september 18 , 2011 , he would throw them out. outraged : mohammed dahbi was accused of discrimination after ordering actress kassie thornton and her tv executive partner christy spitzer to stop kissing and ` keep that behavior for the bedroom '. he was ordered to pay the couple
one of britain 's biggest babies has been born - to a mum who asked for no pain relief. brave danielle davies gave birth to harley at nearly 12lb following an eight hour labour without any drugs. danielle had insisted on a natural birth - not realising she was about to deliver a massive baby. scroll down for video. daniel goldstone , danielle davies and their son harley , who weighed 11lb 5oz at birth. shocked midwives were so surprised they had to weigh him twice. newborn harley from morecambe , lancs , weighs 11lb 5oz , and already fits into clothes designed for babies aged three to six months.
they 're supposed to be the ones who take the rubbish away. but in one residential street , a local refuse collector has been exposed as a rogue litterer , dumping plastic bin bags in an alleyway. his antics were captured on cctv installed by frustrated residents in oldham , manchester , who had noticed the rubbish piling up. residents confused over who had been dumping bags full of rubbish in an alley next to their street were stunned when cctv revealed a binman. rather than load the bags into his lorry , the bin man was filmed lifting them out of
a woman who chartered her own weightloss success with body selfies found it so beneficial , she launched an app offering others the chance to do the same thing. charlotte li , 26 , from london , decided to design healthy selfie with her husband joe after they both achieved incredible results taking photos of their bodies while on a health kick. she said the idea for it came after an over-indulgent christmas left her feeling ` fat and unhealthy '. scroll down for video. charlotte reveals how taking selfies helped her to stay motivated to get fit and stay in shape. charlotte said :
maiquetia , venezuela : it 's a long way from bundoran -- and a long way from the belfast homes of paddy barnes and michael conlan. the pair mischievously claimed that donegal 's seaside town was their destination of choice for a post-olympic break following their respective bronze medal wins at london 2012 , but they have certainly travelled far and wide during the current olympiad. barnes may have already been well known in ireland prior to their achievements in london , but taking up his part in a charming double act with conlan only endeared him further to a nation that unfortunately only flirts with the amateur version of the sport every four
a hilarious note left by a chip shop owner for his customers when he went on holiday with his wife has gone viral. the letter was spotted by twitter user plattsieplatts who posted it to her social media account writing : ` so this is the notice i saw today in the window of our local fish and chip shop. i kid thee not. ' in the note , which was in the window of an undisclosed chippy in london , the unnamed owner laments the fact that he has to go youth hosteling with his family. this is the hilarious note
the saviour of english football turns out to be a long-haired argentinian who tripped michael owen to give away the penalty that david beckham converted in the 2002 world cup finals. mauricio pochettino , 43 , who has long since lost the flowing locks in favour of something a little more in keeping with his managerial status , has gathered a considerable reputation since arriving in england just over two years ago. it is not just his coaching which is admired. he is also becoming the manager for whom young englishmen wish to play , as exclusive research by the mail on sunday proves.
his boxing showdown with manny pacquiao may be edging closer but floyd mayweather showed no sign of nerves as he splashed out on a $ 210,000 mercedes-maybach s600 to add to his fleet of sports cars. mayweather goes head-to-head with boxing rival pacquiao on may 2 in a blockbuster that has been billed as the most anticipated fight in years. and mayweather , who is expected to get # 120million for the fight , took time away from the boxing ring as he posted a video via his instagram page showing off the latest member of his sports car collection. floyd mayweather adds a 2016 mercedes-maybach s600 , which cost $ 210,000 , to his collection of sports
jt 's never been better. jose mourinho 's return was the answer to john terry 's prayers. mourinho said sunday 's game at the emirates was the best terry had ever played. that was a pat on the back for his captain but also justification for mourinho 's faith in playing him. terry is in a real purple patch and his reading of the game is better than ever. part of his success comes from the way the team is set up in front of him. all of their good work means he is in prime position each time to make the telling tackle or interception.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- the first daughter to be married from the hit reality show `` 19 kids and counting '' has also become the first mother. people magazine reports that jill -lrb- duggar -rrb- dillard gave birth monday to a 9-pound , 10-ounce son she and husband derick have named israel david. jill 's parents , jim bob and michelle duggar , posted a video of the new family on their official facebook page. the baby was a bit tardy , going past his due date by more than a week. dillard , who is a student midwife , said she gave herself two due dates and was prepared for the wait. `` i have told myself ,
steve peters , the sports psychiatrist called on by a number of top stars , will play a key role in keeping troubled england batsman jonathan trott focused in the caribbean. trott has made a nightmare return to the test side 18 months since situational anxieties saw him quit the ashes tour -- falling cheaply in both innings in the first test in antigua and finding his ` on the move ' batting technique under strong scrutiny. it is understood that trott is having regular skype sessions with peters from the team hotel , and he credits the psychiatrist with helping him overcome his mental health issues to win his test place back. jonathan trott has endured a nightmare return to test cricket with some poor performances in the first test. but the double failure will be a big challenge for trott , with peters 's assistance , to continue `
shaun bryan - who was the intended target of the shot which paralysed little thusha kamaleswaran in 2011 - was jailed for another crime this week. the criminal who dodged the bullet that paralysed five-year-old thusha kamaleswaran in a botched gangland hit has been jailed. shaun bryan , 23 , was the intended target of the shooting that shocked the nation in march 2011. thusha , who had been was playing in the aisle of her uncle 's shop in stockwell , south london , was caught in the crossfire when two gangs clashed. bryan has now been jailed for a
children as young as three are being asked to sign a contract pledging not to use transphobic language at school. the pledge is contained in a ` home-school agreement ' which all children must sign before they start at turnham primary school in september. the infants must also promise to refrain from using homophobic and racist phrases and to be tolerant of people with different sexual orientations and lifestyles. each child must print their name and provide a signature to confirm that they understand their ` responsibilities ' while attending the school. anti-bullying : turnham primary school - led by executive headteacher selina sharpe - sent out an agreement for all new children to sign before they start in the new academic year. tick-box bureaucracy : but parents
he is a world cup winner , spanish football legend , and one of the most recognisable faces in the classy barcelona cf outfit. and now tourists are being offered the chance to walk in the footsteps of andrés iniesta after he listed his beautiful spanish vineyard on airbnb. the world class midfielder took to twitter to advise that his the ` bodega iniesta ' vineyard he owns in castilla-la mancha can be rented out. spain and barcelona midfielder andrés iniesta is renting out his vineyard on airbnb. andrés iniesta posted on twitter to spread the news that his charming vineyard can be rented out. and it 's a snip of a price to tread paths
it was a case of so near , yet so far for the queen today as she roared on her filly , ring of truth , at newbury today. the monarch , who was resplendent in a fuchsia suit and a matching hat , appeared unusually nervous and was spotted crossing her fingers in the royal box. unfortunately for her majesty , her horse was narrowly pipped to the post - prompting a brief look of horror and a rueful smile from her owner. oh no ! the queen allows herself a look of horror as ring of truth is narrowly pipped to the post. one is not amused : the queen briefly looks glum before smiling
a mother-of-three has been forced to remortgage her home after years of dental treatment left her mouth looking like an ` oral bombsite '. rose devereux , 49 , was left in agony and disfigured after years of alleged incompetent treatment. pictures show her bottom row of teeth virtually destroyed by terrible gum disease and crowns covering a similar disaster on the top row. she now faces a bill of # 30,000 to get her smile back. rose devereux , 49 , was left in agony and disfigured after years of alleged incompetent treatment. the general dental council has investigated the
five-month-old elijah is ` the happiest baby ever ' , according to his mother. he loves everything that moves , especially seeing people and exploring new places. but doctors say he probably wo n't live to see his second birthday because of a fatal genetic illness. his heartbroken mum jessica and dad andrew mccrae have pledged to do everything they can to make sure the little boy from penrith , in sydney 's west , lives a full life , compiling a 30-item bucket list for their son to complete before he passes away. from a road trip to queensland to watching the sunrise and set with him , jessica told daily mail australia the family are planning to show
small , brown and infinitely snackable , the almond seems so inoffensive. and yet just as this latest health food is supposed to be transforming our lives , battling high cholesterol and heart attacks , it is having a ruinous effect on the planet. the nut that frequently appears in the bible as a symbol of fruitfulness and promise has been dubbed ` the devil 's nut ' , pinpointed as the chief culprit in an eco-disaster that is developing in california. the so-called golden state is increasingly turning a dirty brown colour due to a devastating drought that is in its fourth year. although it 's tempting to blame all those irresponsible californians filling their huge swimming pools and watering their lawns
blackpool chairman karl oyston took a surprising step in denying five football association charges for text messages during which he labelled a supporter a ` retard '. the unpopular chief initially had until march 30 to reply , but was granted an extension. his appeal is expected to be heard by a separate fa panel next month and oyston still faces a ban from football activities. blackpool chairman karl oyston has decided to contest his fa charge for allegedly abusive text messages. oyston - who has been the constant target of fan protests over the course of the seasiders ' worst season for decades - is also looking at a hefty fine and mandatory four-hour fa education course. the shocking text messages ,
when jade walters loaned out her beloved horse magic to help a young girl learn to ride , she did n't realise she would never see him again. miss walters , 21 , was horrified to discover that the family looking after magic had sold him at auction for just # 200. magic 's fate has sparked fury in the equestrian community , and an appeal for his whereabouts has been shared 58,000 times on social media sites. jade walters , 21 , was shocked to discover the family she loaned her beloved pet horse magic to had sold the animal -lrb- pictured right and left being ridden by
filipe luis insists he wants to stay at chelsea until the end of his contract , despite atletico madrid considering bringing him back in the summer. the full back signed a three-year contract when he moved from the spanish champions last july , but has struggled to make the left back position his own at stamford bridge. atletico hope that may give them leverage , but luis said : ` i 'm happy at chelsea. i want to stay at the club until the end of my contract. ' filipe luis insists he wants to stay at chelsea -lrb- right -rrb- , despite atletico madrid considering re-signing him. luis played in brazil 's friendly wins against france and chile during the
luca railton , 11 , was told he would never walk - but has now taken his first steps unaided. an 11-year-old boy told he would never walk has taken his first steps unaided thanks to pioneering treatment in the us. luca railton was born with bones missing from his legs , due to the rare condition bilateral tibial hemimelia. doctors said the condition - which affects just one in three million people - meant he would to have his right leg amputated or fused straight. but his loved ones refused to accept these grim prospects , which would have left luca severely disabled for life. instead , they began desperately trying to find other suitable treatments , and
it 's the ultimate treat for benedict cumberbatch fans and stands an imposing 6ft tall - just like the man himself. but shoppers at london 's westfield stratford city shopping centre looked more than a little surprised to discover a chocolate sculpture of benedict cumberbatch in their midst. one lady was spotted cautiously approaching the edible artwork before quickly backing off , while another could n't quite hide their smile of surprise. scroll down for video. finishing touches : the sculpture is readied for its big unveiling at westfield stratford city shopping centre. oh dear : reaction to the sculpture was mixed , with some shoppers bursting into laughter. even less impressed was the shopper who stood stony-faced in front of the creation for several moments
it 's hot or not time again as ian ladyman reveals what 's been making him feel warm this week and what 's been leaving him cold inside. italians embrace the cricket world cup -lrb- yes , really -rrb- , a neville takes charge of england and it 's not looking good for the rickies. hot. cricket world cup. a spellbinding tournament that reached in to places we could n't have imagined , last weekend 's gazzetta dello sport magazine in italy even carried a centre spread photograph of australia 's david warner. imagine how good the whole thing would have been had
kevin pietersen has thrown his support behind former team-mate michael vaughan as the right man to ` change the brand of cricket currently being played ' in england. ten years on from his career-defining captaincy in the 2005 ashes , vaughan is the hot favourite to be appointed as director of england cricket , a streamlined version of the managing director 's job which was abolished with paul downton 's sacking on wednesday. the 40-year-old has previously kept his distance from a formal role with the ecb , preferring to focus on his burgeoning media profile and business interests , but has declared himself open
pictures of the australian man reportedly facing the death penalty for smuggling ice in china have emerged. the man , ibrahim jalloh , along with another australian , bengali sherrif , were reportedly arrested at guangzhou airport in june 2014. sherrif has already been sentenced to death , according to the abc. australian man ibrahim jalloh is awaiting trial after reportedly being arrested attempting to smuggle drugs in china. they were allegedly in possession of a substantial quantity of ice. it is believed sherrif 's sentence could be reduced to life in prison if it is decided he has been well-behaved during his first two
she 's a professional equestrienne and was happy to have a go at wheelchair rugby , a sport nicknamed ` murder ball ' , during last september 's invictus games. now zara tindall , 33 , has turned her hand to barrel-pulling - and laughingly pretended to pull her 16st 6ft rugby player husband mike along while striking a pose for the cameras. the moment came during a charity event to mark the end of personal trainer rob edmond 's marathon barrel-roll from perthshire to wiltshire. taking the strain : zara straps herself into mr edmond 's barrel-pulling harness. pull ! zara pretends to move off while husband mike beams from his perch on the barrel. edmond , who set off nine days
a family in far eastern russia has adopted an orphaned bear cub which was found alone after its mother was likely killed by poachers. the shcherbakov family has been caring for the cub , which is unable to survive on its own , since it wandered up to their house gate three weeks ago. with scenes reminiscent of the fairy tale goldilocks and the three bears , the family matriarch cooks porridge for the little bear at the family 's home in tulun , in russia 's irkutsk region. the shcherbakov family adopted the bear cub after it wandered up to the gate at their home in tulun , russia. the family matriarch -lrb- pictured -rrb- feeds the bear porridge and milk from a refashioned beer bottle. she also feeds him milk
devotees endure searing heat , holding their bodies in challenging poses leaving them dripping with sweat but exhilarated at the culmination of a tough workout. bikram yoga improves mindfulness , flexibility , strength , muscle tone and general fitness , advocates boast. but a new study has warned the practise , which involves performing 26 poses , can raise a person 's body temperature and heart rate to dangerous levels. a typical session lasts for 90 minutes and is performed in a room heated to 40 °c -lrb- 105 °f -rrb- , with 40 per cent humidity. scroll down for video. scientists at the university of wisconsin-la crosse have warned that bikram yoga ,
fighting between rival fans forced a russian premier league match between arsenal tula and torpedo moscow to be stopped for seven minutes on sunday. a statement on arsenal 's official site read : ` in the 31st minute , fans from the visiting moscow club broke down barriers in front of the visitors sector and tried to get to the east stand , where a number of women and children were sitting. ` the torpedo fans began breaking seats and throwing them towards law enforcement officers and stewards. ' scroll down to watch video footage of the incident. fans fight leading to arsenal tula vs
we 've seen hot dudes reading , hot dudes drinking coffee , and even hot dudes posing like cats -lrb- yes this is a real thing , ask google. and you 're welcome -rrb-. but a new instagram account gives them all a run for their money by showcasing buff , often topless , men cuddling their adorable pet pups. a treat for those who love both man and man 's best friend , hot dudes with dogs has picked up quite a pace since launching a month ago. scroll down for video. new instagram account hot dudes with dogs features men looking hot while posing with dogs. the account was started by writer kaylin pound and relies on submissions via direct messages.
a woman 's noisy neighbour has issued a withering reply to her hand-written letter complaining about his hard-partying ways , claiming only the deaf and ` those buried in the cemetery ' would have any concerns with the noise coming for his home. the man 's sarcastic response comes after melbourne-based actor , lucy gransbury , wrote a two-page rant claiming her neighbours were keeping her awake at night. gransbury thought the good-humoured note worked wonders after an entire week of uninterrupted sleep until she was woken again just before dawn the following sunday. so she followed up by dropping a thank-you card and some gifts over the fence to
the easter holidays mean days off work and a chance to spend precious time with the family. but it can be hard to think of enough things to do to keep the little ones active. this roundup of events from across the country will provide fun everyone and make sure the kids are worn out in time for bed. looking to entertain the kids ? try these fun family days out this easter weekend. scotland. keep your little ones entertained for hours with probably the world 's largest easter egg hunt in the maze at traquair castle. scotland 's oldest inhabited castle also hosts drumming and singing , egg decorating , storytelling and an easter bonnet parade.
the wedding of the year in scotland takes place on saturday when british no 1 and two-time grand slam champion andy murray marries kim sears , his girlfriend of almost 10 years , in his hometown of dunblane. murray and sears , both aged 27 , met when the pair were teenagers during the us open in 2005. murray was playing in only his second grand slam tournament , while sears was travelling with her tennis coach father nigel. the couple got back together in 2010 following a brief split and after having to field constant questions over the years on when he would
chelsea 's eden hazard and arsenal 's santi cazorla are set to reach a premier league milestone this weekend when they each make their 100th appearance. both players have been hugely influential since they moved to london in the summer of 2012 , but who has been the most exciting import to watch ? here , sportsmail 's reporters choose the player they most enjoy seeing in action. eden hazard -lrb- l -rrb- and santi cazorla are both set to make their 100th premier league appearance this weekend. lee clayton. cazorla has wonderful balance. so does hazard. cazorla scores important goals. so does
almost two weeks on from liverpool 's wretched afternoon against manchester united at anfield , it would appear that lessons have already been learned. asked about a setback that may yet cost brendan rodgers and his players a place in next season 's champions league , the club 's midfielder joe allen was rueful. ` they were ready to go and maybe we were n't , ' allen told a young supporter at melwood this week. ` yeah , maybe the rivalry can sometimes get in the way. ' joe allen battles it out with ander herrera during liverpool 's premier league defeat to man united at anfield. liverpool midfielder allen
ahead of this weekend 's premier league action , sportsmail will be providing you with all you need to know about every fixture , with team news , provisional squads , betting odds and opta stats. here is all the information you need for manchester united 's home clash with aston villa ... manchester united vs aston villa -lrb- old trafford -rrb-. team news. manchester united. striker robin van persie is out of manchester united 's barclays premier league match against aston villa with an ankle injury. left-back luke shaw has recovered from a hamstring problem , but centre-back chris smalling is a big doubt due
-lrb- cnn -rrb- she predicted events that unfolded in the middle east well before they happened. and her book on iraq became required reading for many military leaders trying to understand the country. veteran journalist and author sandra mackey died sunday , her son , colin mackey , said. she was 77. her extensive career began in anonymity. she was an undercover reporter working for u.s. newspapers from saudi arabia as her husband , dr. dan mackey , worked in a riyadh hospital. for four years , she hid her writing from the authorities and smuggled her stories out of the country to get around saudi arabia 's prohibition on foreign journalists. her
-lrb- cnn -rrb- it takes a village to raise a triathlete. since returning home from our kickoff weekend where we got to experience life as a full-time triathlete , i 've been juggling training life with a full-time job , hectic commute and time with friends and family. with my fit nation teammates spread far and wide , this was a solo effort. throw in a notorious chicago winter that refused to go gently into that good night , and i 'll admit it : i was not very diligent in getting all of my training done. `` partner up , '' the facebook status read. jae rockwell , the
-lrb- cnn -rrb- sawyer sweeten grew up before the eyes of millions as a child star on the endearing family sitcom `` everybody loves raymond. '' early thursday he committed suicide , his sister madylin sweeten said in a statement. he was 19. `` this morning a terrible family tragedy has occurred , '' madylin sweeten said in a statement passed on by her manager dino may. `` we are devastated to report that our beloved brother , son , and friend , sawyer sweeten , took his own life. he was weeks away from his 20th birthday. at this sensitive time , our family requests privacy and we beg of
-lrb- cnn -rrb- according to an outside review by columbia journalism school professors , '' -lrb- a -rrb- n institutional failure at rolling stone resulted in a deeply flawed article about a purported gang rape at the university of virginia. '' the columbia team concluded that `` the failure encompassed reporting , editing , editorial supervision and fact-checking. '' hardly a ringing endorsement of the editorial process at the publication. the magazine 's managing editor , will dana , wrote , `` we would like to apologize to our readers and to all of those who were damaged by our story and the ensuing fallout , including members of the phi kappa psi fraternity and uva administrators and students. '' brian stelter : fraternity to ` pursue all available legal action ' the next question is :. can uva , phi
all of a sudden , it seems that everywhere we turn there are suncream ads and the shops are filled with offers on summer essentials. so should we be making the most of the bargains to restock the bathroom cabinet -- or can we ignore the marketing ploys and dig out supplies that have been lurking at the back for years ? alice smellie asked industry experts to find out if it 's really vital to buy new supplies for summer ... scroll down for video. out-of-date sun lotions may separate and not spread evenly , say experts , meaning you may not be completely covered with vital uv filters , even if the active ingredients in the sun cream remain
a huge marine corps helicopter made an emergency landing on a southern california beach on wednesday , bringing no damages or injuries but leaving an unforgettable spectacle for surrounding swimmers and sunbathers. the ch-53e super stallion landed on the shore of this northern san diego county town shortly after 11:30 am after a low oil-pressure indicator light went on in the cockpit , marine corps air station miramar said in a statement. the 100-foot copter is twice the size of the humpback whales that sometimes wash up on surrounding shores. it crouched on the sand below a bluff and only a few yards from the surf line , dwarfing surfboard-topped lifeguard vehicles parked nearby. scroll
in this day and age , everything is personalised - from alarm clocks that measure your perfect amount of sleep to fashion brands that use social media to connect with each individual customer. so it was only a matter of time before the make-up industry jumped on the bandwagon. the newest generation of beauty products will be personalised to meet all your particular needs - from bespoke mascaras and eyeliners to foundations and powders unique to you. scroll down for video. the newest generation of beauty products will be personalised to meet all your particular needs. eyeko london 's bespoke mascara -lrb- # 28 -rrb- comes in dozens of brush shapes. eyeko london is just one brand taking advantage of the trend with the launch of its new bespoke mascara -lrb- # 28 -rrb-
honesty is key in any relationship -- but almost half of us lie to our partners about our finances , a study has revealed. forty-five per cent of britons have lied about their earnings , spending , bills or credit cards. and 41 per cent said they were in the dark about their partner 's finances. around one in five have lied to a partner about what they earn , with 10 per cent of those surveyed having understated their salary , four per cent having overstated it and another four per cent admitting to lying in both ways. the survey by financial guide money advice service found 45 per cent of brion have lied about their earnings , spending and credit cars ,
alan pardew says sunderland should be more concerned about his in-form crystal palace side than his past as newcastle manager this saturday. palace beat manchester city on monday night and have ambitions of finishing in the barclays premier league 's top 10 this season. pardew was the first newcastle boss to suffer four successive defeats to sunderland , who last weekend won a fifth tyne-wear derby in a row , but is now only thinking about palace. ` we 're going there in great form. the stadium will be wary of us , the 11 players on the pitch , ' pardew said. glenn murray -lrb- second from right -rrb- celebrates
german aviation regulators say they were never made aware of andreas lubitz 's mental health issues. killer pilot andreas lubitz searched the internet for information on suicide and depression using the name ` skydevil ' , it has emerged. the chilling username was discovered after analysis of a tablet computer found at his home , according to german newspaper bild. investigators also found search terms for disorders such as ` bipolar ' and ` manic depressive '. in a separate development , it has emerged that european regulators warned germany 's aviation authority of inadequacies with its health check-ups in a regular review of air safety enforcement , the european commission said. its statement did not say when the review was carried out. but the wall
a utah couple who had been married for 74 years died five hours apart. madelyn yensen , 94 , of salt lake city , died just after 4pm before her husband passed away at 9.30 pm. just after her mother died , carol bradford went to see her 95-year-old father at a care center and told him the news. ' i leaned over and whispered in his ear , `` mom has passed , and she 's waiting for you in heaven , '' ' bradford said. ' i think after that , he knew he had accomplished what he needed , and he felt that he could let go. ' shortly after her visit on april 7 ,
-lrb- cnn -rrb- since iran 's islamic revolution in 1979 , women have been barred from attending most sports events involving men. but the situation appears set to improve in the coming months after a top iranian sports official said that the ban will be lifted for some events. a plan to allow `` women and families '' to enter sports stadiums will come into effect in the next year , deputy sports minister abdolhamid ahmadi said saturday , according to state-run media. but it is n't clear exactly which games women will be able to attend. according to the state-run
authorities say a tree has crashed into a car driven by a woman in her 60s , killing her. the cincinnati enquirer reports that the tree fell onto the car around 4 p.m. sunday. photos show a large tree resting across the crushed vehicle. cincinnati police officer douglas swingley tells the newspaper the woman was the only occupant. he says she was headed north on reading road in cincinnati at the time. scroll down for video. cincinnati woman jacqueline carr , 65 , was killed when a tree smashed her vehicle. wcpo reports the woman was later identified as jacqueline carr , age 65. leonard
the women of the university of southern california tennis team capped off an undefeated conference season on thursday by winning the pac-12 championship. the second-ranked girls defeated the women of the university of california - los angeles by a score of 4 - 3 for the win. then , in celebrating their big victory , they broke the trophy. the usc women 's tennis team won the pac-12 championship on thursday. no doubt contributing to the excitement was the fact that usc was trailing ucla early on , and were initially down 3 - 0 before winning the final four matches. usc now
second child : mrs pereiro-mendez arrives yesterday. a top executive at goldman sachs secretly filmed colleagues to record their ` sexist ' behaviour when she became pregnant. sonia pereiro-mendez says she was denied millions in pay and bonuses when she announced she was expecting her first child. male colleagues at the bank were promoted ahead of her and she was ` mocked ' and subjected to ` gratuitous derogatory ' comments about her childcare arrangements , she alleges. so in an attempt to prove her claim , she recorded managers at the global investment firm ` without their knowledge ' , a tribunal heard yesterday. the executive director in distressed investing -- which concerns companies in financial difficulties -- is suing
a toddler suffering from an huge birthmark that could have blinded him in one eye has undergone life-changing plastic surgery. colby ramos-francis , who is 17 months old , was born with a small , heart-shaped growth over his eyelid. but it quickly developed into a large benign tumour that continued to expand. his parents claim nhs doctors were unable to treat the growth or offer surgery , leaving them no option but to beg for help abroad. scroll down for video. colby ramos-francis , now 17 months old , was born with a small , heart-shaped growth over his eyelid. but it quickly
a woman who was arrested and charged with manslaughter for a crash that caused the death of a 5-year-old child showed no remorse for her actions according to court records. aaronessa keaton of phoenix , arizona was eight months pregnant and had marijuana and benzodiazepines in her system when she collided head-on with a car carrying two children in february 2014 , and one of the children later died from their injuries. when told of this after her arrest , keaton , 24 , said ; ` sh*t happens. ' aaronessa keaton -lrb- above -rrb- was arrested monday and charged with manslaughter for a 2014 accident that resulted in the death of a 5-year-old child. keaton hit another car head-on
no matter how young or old we are , most of us experience the odd memory lapse. perhaps it will be forgetting where you put the car keys , or what you went to get from upstairs. thankfully , these moments pass. but for those with dementia there is no such relief. imagine what it 's like being unable to recall what you 'd done an hour before. or not remembering how to navigate around your own house or the names of your nearest and dearest. or knowing what everyday things are for , such as a fridge. today , in the third part of our major good health series on dementia , we look at ways to help minimise the impact of these
more than a thousand twitchers travelled to somerset this weekend after a rare bird was spotted for only the third time in the uk. they descended on the west country when a hudsonian godwit made a 4,000 mile detour from south america. it is believed the large shorebird - that was heading to its breeding grounds in canada and alaska - was last seen in the uk in 1988. the hudsonian godwit was spotted at the shapwick heath in somerset and drew scores of bird watchers. more than a thousand bird watchers and photographers lined the water 's edge to catch a glimpse of the bird. the wader - with a long beak and spindly legs - is now inhabiting the
actor ryan reynolds was the victim of a hit-and-run in a hotel parking lot , according to his publicist and vancouver police. the incident took place on friday when the 38-year-old was struck by a car while walking in the residential parking garage of the shangri-la hotel , but he was left uninjured. ` while walking , ryan was struck by a paparazzi driving a car through an underground parking garage , ' publicist leslie sloane said on sunday. ` the man fled the scene. ryan is okay. ' scroll down for video. actor ryan reynolds -lrb- above -rrb- was the victim of a hit-and-run in a hotel parking
a basketball star has warmed hearts across his high school with his thoughtful ` prom-posal ' to a girl with down syndrome. on thursday , trey moses , a senior at eastern high school in louisville , kentucky who will play for ball state next year , asked ellie meredith to be his date to the upcoming prom. moses , who volunteers with teenagers with learning disabilities , surprised her during her p.e. class with a bunch of flowers and a sign reading : ` let 's party like it 's 1989 ' - a reference to an album by taylor swift , ellie 's favorite singer. ellie accepted the promposal and said she ca n't wait to go dress shopping ` because i 've only told about
picture the scene : you come home after work feeling too exhausted to cook - only to find a delicious meal worthy of a michelin-starred restaurant waiting for you. it sounds like a fantasy , but it could be about to come true thanks to a robot chef developed by british scientists. they have come up with a set of robotic arms so sophisticated that they are capable of cooking meals from scratch. scroll down for video. new hospitality : british scientists spent almost 18 years developing the robotic ` chef ' hands. scientists at the shadow robot company spent almost 18 years developing the hands , which are each governed by 24 motors ,
when scottish student caitlin mcneill , 21 , posted a photo of a blue and black dress that looked white and gold from some angles , it sparked an internet debate so furious even a-listers could n't resist getting involved. now another internet dress furore has begun , this time over the colour of scottish national party leader nicola sturgeon 's dress. the snp stalwart , 44 , wore the opinion-splitting ensemble , which has variously been described as blue , grey and green , for her appearance on the bbc contenders ' debate last night. scroll down for video. was it grey , green or ice blue ? nicola sturgeon 's dress divided opinion on twitter
the next stage of evolution may well be upon us after a monkey unscrewed the lid of a water bottle and took a drink. filmed on a hot day in bali , indonesia the video , shot by australian tourist dirk nienaber , shows a monkey interacting with a tour guide , who squirts water at the primate from a hole in a water bottle in a bid to cool it down. as the monkey continues to approach , the man throws the bottle over to it and scarpers with a smirk -- as if aware of what the monkey may do next. the monkey interactes with a tour guide , who squirts water at it from a hole in a water bottle in a bid to cool it down.
the family of everybody loves raymond actor sawyer sweeten are said to be in ` absolute shock ' at the child star taking his own life because he exhibited no suicidal warning signs , his manager said. sweeten , 19 , shot himself in the head while visiting a family member 's home in texas on thursday morning. his manager , dino may , told us weekly there were no signs of trouble prior to him taking his own life in the upstairs part of the house while family members were downstairs. may said : ` everybody was shocked. ` there was no depression , no nothing. he was a good kid. teenage stuff , but no depression , no signs
a former utah high school teacher accused of having sex with three of her male students took a plea deal wednesday to avoid a trial , sobbing as she accepted the agreement in court. one of the boys was 16 and two were 17 when they were having sex with davis high school english teacher brianne altice , 35. one testified that he considered her to be his girlfriend during their yearlong tryst. but the boys were all minors , and utah law also says a person can not consent to sex if the other person is in a position of special trust. altice
floyd mayweather and manny pacquiao are less than two weeks away from playing their part in the richest fight in boxing history. here , sportsmail takes a look at the two men 's achievements , in and out of the ring , ahead of their $ 300m mega-fight on may 2. floyd mayweather. manny pacquiao. 47. 47-0-0. 363. 55.32. wbc super-featherweight , wbc lightweight , wbc light-welterweight , ibf welterweight , wbc welterweight , wbc light-middleweight , wba light-middleweight. diego corrales - jan 2001. $ 440 million -lrb- # 295m -rrb-. mayweather does not earn any money from endorsements , although companies such as at&t and corona have sponsored his fights. since leaving top rank in 2006 , mayweather has looked after his
she is best known for her world war ii saga , the cazalet chronicles , but novelist elizabeth jane howard had a passion for history of a considerably more ancient kind. the novelist , who died in 2014 aged 90 , amassed a spectacular collection of greek , egyptian and roman jewellery during her lifetime , among them pieces up to 3,500 years old. now the collection is to go under the hammer , with auctioneers saying they expect the exquisite pieces to fetch up to # 20,000. collector : elizabeth jane howard , pictured with kingsley amis , collected ancient jewellery. howard , a former model who became the second wife of lucky jim novelist kingsley amis in 1965 , adored historic jewellery and , despite its great age , was regularly
you probably wo n't realise they are coming until it 's too late. tiny robots , the size of an a4 sheet , are being programmed to lift cars that are up to two tonnes in weight. working together , these creepy machines are able to sneak up unnoticed and silently remove their target from the scene. tiny robots , the size of an a4 sheet , are being programmed to lift cars that are up to two tons in weight. the robots , collectively called avert , are the creation of a european consortium led by the democritus university of
you wo n't find it written down anywhere in black and white yet it remains one of the unseen by-laws of the game : until such time as an almighty mess is sitting squarely on fifa 's front step , the governing body chooses to keep the door bolted firmly shut. rows over goal-line technology were hardly something new when frank lampard 's infamous ` ghost ' goal against germany in the 2010 world cup finally brought matters to a head. the 2000 africa cup of nations final between nigeria and cameroon had already been scarred by a similar howler while the
richard sherman may have been devastated after he and the seattle seahawks fell to the new england patriots in this year 's super bowl , but it did not last for long. on february 5 , just four days after that agonizing defeat , sherman and girlfriend ashley moss welcomed a son , rayden. and now , sherman is sharing photos of his baby boy. scroll down for video. richard sherman shared a photo of him and his girlfriend ashley moss with their son rayden on instagram -lrb- courtesy of estevens -rrb-. rayden -lrb- above -rrb- was born on february 5 , just a few days after sherman and the
the wife of la angels player josh hamilton has revealed she was ` blindsided ' by his decision to file for divorce and insists she has never been unfaithful. real housewives of orange county star katie said there was no ` big fight or blow up ' which caused their marriage to end. speaking to tmz sports she said ` nothing sparked it ' and slammed reports she cheated on the slugger as ` entirely false '. ` i 've always stood by him and i 'll always stand by him , ' she added. ' i support and love him now and down the
jb holmes took victory in a play-off at the shell houston open when johnson wagner saw a four-foot putt lip out. holmes , who started the day six shots off the lead but ripped through the first half of the course to make the turn in 29 , had moments before missed from 10 foot but 2008 winner wagner could not save par to take the play-off to a third hole. overnight leader jordan spieth , who hit a fine putt to par the 18th and make it a three-way play-off , had been eliminated on the first hole. j b holmes poses with the houston open trophy after a thrilling climax
-lrb- cnn -rrb- it 's a hard-knock life , jay z , especially on twitter. the uber private rapper/entrepreneur broke out of his usually reserved social media shell over the weekend to defend the performance of his new music streaming service , tidal. using the hashtag #tidalfacts , he attempted to refute talk that the company has been doing a less than stellar job in taking on competitor spotify. he launched the subscription-based music service last month with a star-studded news conference in which artists such as madonna , kanye west , daft punk and jay z 's wife , beyonce , came together in support of what singer alicia
republican presidential candidate rand paul , on the defensive after a set of acrimonious exchanges with female journalists including , is denying that he has a problem with women. ' i think i have been universally short-tempered and testy with both male and female reporters. i 'll own up to that , ' the kentucky senator told cnn anchor wolf blitzer yesterday , responding to accusations of sexism that bubbled up following his wednesday morning dust up with today host savannah guthrie. paul , who announced his bid for the oval office on tuesday , admitted that he needs to ` have more patience ' with reporters , even if he 's
it 's the nation famed for its gastronomy which gave birth to haute cuisine and the michelin guide. but almost three quarters of all dishes served in french bistros , brasseries and cafes are shipped in from a factory and microwaved , according to a top restaurateur. xavier denamur sparked fury after he exposed france as a country of microwave cheats and even went as far as to compare it as being the culinary equivalent of a low-cost airline. xavier denamur sparked fury after he exposed france as a country of microwave cheats and even went as far as to compare chefs ' corner-cutting as being the culinary equivalent of a low-cost airline. ` the microwave
the desperate parents of a boy whose head hangs at a 180-degree angle have admitted they would rather he died than continue to suffer. mahendra ahirwar , 12 , from madhya pradesh in central india , suffers from a rare condition that makes his neck bend and his head hang from his body. his weak backbone means he ca n't stand or walk and is restricted to a sitting position. mahendra can just about crawl but needs help to eat and go to the toilet. undiagnosed : mahendra ahirwar 's parents say they would rather see him dead than suffer the way he is now. mahendra 's mother sumitra ahirwar , pictured here with her son , says watching his life is ` devastating ' his father mukesh ahirwar , 40 ,
sir nick faldo and tom watson will make their final open appearances in front of the largest arena in the championship 's 155-year history at st andrews in july. three-time winner faldo has confirmed he will cross the famous swilcan bridge for the final time on the 25th anniversary of his victory on the old course , having also lifted the claret jug at muirfield in 1987 and 1992. faldo , whose 58th birthday falls on the saturday of the championship , said : ` the open and st andrews will forever hold a significant place in my heart. my fondest moments on my journey with this great sport are woven
with broadcasters demanding hefty fees to watch floyd mayweather take on manny pacquiao next saturday , many boxing fans could turn towards social media to illegally watch the richest fight in history for free. the recent explosion of live video streaming apps such as periscope and meerkat have raised the realistic prospect that sky and us broadcasters showtime and hbo could miss out on millions as viewers stream the content between their devices without paying. launched by twitter , periscope allows users to broadcast a live stream to their social media followers. the video is then available to replay for up to 24 hours and can also be saved to the user 's phone. broadcasters could
huddersfield forward jacob fairbank is set for a lengthy spell on the sidelines after fracturing his ankle and suffering ligament damage while on loan at halifax. the 25-year-old was injured in halifax 's victory over hunslet on easter monday and subsequent scans have left him facing an extensive rehabilitation period. giants managing director richard thewlis told giantsrl.com : ` it 's another bad blow for bobby who remains one of our most popular squad members. huddersfield 's jacob fairbank , pictured during a spell at london broncos , faces a spell on the sidelines. ` he was only saying the other day how much he was enjoying regular week in
as the countdown continues to floyd mayweather 's mega-fight with manny pacquiao in las vegas on may 2 , the money man 's daughter iyanna mayweather has shared her thoughts about life in training with her champion father. mayweather vs pacquiao will generate revenue upwards of $ 300 million in what is being billed as the most lucrative bout in boxing history and , ahead of the may showdown , iyanna mayweather offered some insight into her dad 's intense training regime. ` when i watch my dad train , it 's inspiring to me , ' she said. iyanna mayweather has been spending time in her father
a british man bled to death on holiday in thailand after cutting himself on a mirror in a shop. iain mackay , 40 , is believed to have argued with his thai girlfriend moments before his death. he is also understood to have clashed with a man who was seen talking to his girlfriend at a bar. the incidents happened in hua hin , a coastal town and beach resort 120 miles south-west of bangkok. tragic : iain mackay , 40 , -lrb- pictured -rrb- is understood to have got into a fight at the hua hin resort , 125 miles south of bangkok , after discovering the woman chatting with another man at a bar in the coastal city. thai police said mr mackay , from stornoway , scotland , was in a rage when he
150 outgoing art fans have taken part in national gallery of australia 's first ever naked art tour , stripping off their clothes for an adult-only after-hours viewing experience. the first hour-long tour through the nga 's current exhibition , ` james turrell : a retrospective ' , took place on wednesday night , in a no-frills approach to art led by melbourne-based artist stuart ringholt. ` everyone 's all in it together , so it 's not weird or anything , ' said one man who attended the tour. scroll down for video. 150 art fans took part in a nude tour of an exhibition at the national gallery of australia on wednesday evening. ` you do n't have the clothing distracting you. and because
police searched an area near a ford motor company plant in michigan on sunday for clues related to the disappearance of a woman who was last seen at halloween wearing a poison ivy costume. chelsea ellen bruck , 22 , has been missing almost six months , police said. monroe county sheriff 's major jeff kemp reported that the search was arranged after investigators received a tip from a citizen about the area in flat rock. ` all i can say ... is we 're looking for evidence , ' the sheriff 's office said. he declined to discuss media reports that part of chelsea 's costume were found. scroll down for video. a new search was conducted on sunday in the case of missing chelsea ellen bruck , 22 , who was last
a canal bank beneath a busy flyover might not rank as paradise. but for this puzzled puffin -- apparently suffering a navigation malfunction and pining for the atlantic -- it was welcome sanctuary. the confused bird was seen swimming in the grand union canal earlier this month after apparently flying into london along the thames. this puzzled puffin was spotted flying into london along the thames , close to the a4 flyover at brentford. the distinctive bird with an orange beak was spotted by an eagle-eyed canal boat resident. the puffin was given some fish and wrapped in a blanket , before being handed to a specialist centre in dorset
this is the moment that two total strangers who could pass for identical twins came face to face for the first time. niamh geaney , a 26-year-old student and tv presenter , found her 29-year-old doppleganger after she teamed up with two friends to launch a project called twin strangers. the aim of the social media experiment was to see which of the three could find their closest lookalike within 28 days and it attracted submissions to their website ` twin-strangers. com from across the world. scroll down for video. this is the moment that niamh geaney , right , met her doppleganger , karen branigan ,
-lrb- cnn -rrb- a massive brawl involving two dozen people at a queens , new york , casino was captured on video friday night. the cell phone video shows a number of men throwing punches and even chairs into crowds of people. stanchions can be seen flying and being used as weapons in the chaotic scene. the fight took place in the food court area of resorts world casino where approximately 300 people were still at the scene when police arrived , according to the new york police department. one witness told cnn affiliate wcbs the scene was `` chaotic '' and compared it to a world wrestling entertainment event. the brawl took
-lrb- cnn -rrb- atop the amazon bestselling books list this month sat an unexpected title : `` secret garden. '' it was n't frances hodgson burnett 's 1911 novel about a sour little girl 's magical place , making a book club comeback. it was a similarly named coloring book that adults were buying , for themselves , and it was n't the only one in the top 10. johanna basford 's `` secret garden : an inky treasure hunt & coloring book '' -lrb- now at no. 3 on amazon -rrb- along with her second effort , `` enchanted forest : an inky quest & coloring book '' -lrb- no. 6 -rrb- ; `` balance -lrb- angie 's extreme stress menders volume 1 -rrb- '' by angie grace -lrb- no. 9 -rrb- ; and `` the mindfulness
it 's not just your imagination : most american teenagers are online or on their smartphones every day , and many are almost continually connected. a pew research center survey found that 92 percent of us teens go online daily - and 24 % admit they are online constantly. it also household incomes can influence which social network children use - with instagram and snapchat being popular with children from wealthier families. a pew research center survey found that 92 percent of us teens go online daily - and 25 % admit they are online constantly. the pew researcher revealed household incomes can influence which social network children use. that includes 56
when it comes to the coachella festival , a number of suspect looks crop up each year including hippie ensembles , outlandish headgear and plenty of skin - and 2015 has been no exception. but as the first weekend of the arts and music festival wrapped in indio , california , some of the outfits paraded around the sunny campus - or lack thereof - stood out as being particularly woeful. from the couple who wore matching american flag leotards to the man who sported a loincloth over speedos , could this be the worst year for coachella street style yet ? scroll down for video. call the fashion police : from the couple who wore matching american flag leotards -lrb- left -rrb- to the man who sported
the ex-king of spain , juan carlos , was leading a double life and having an affair with a german aristocrat for the last ten years of his reign , according to a new book that claims they were ' a couple , pure and simple '. the bombshell allegation is that juan carlos was romancing corinna zu sayn-wittgenstein and was so smitten with her that he even contemplated divorcing his wife , sofia , according to final de partida -- or end game -- by ana romero , which sold out within 24 hours. romero , a former royal correspondent for the el mundo daily , said at the book 's launch in madrid : ` what do you see -lrb- in the book -rrb- ? well , the double
-lrb- cnn -rrb- ciudad juarez , mexico , was once known as the murder capital of the world. back in 2010 , at the height of cartel violence , the city averaged 8.5 killings per day. but five years later , local officials say the city is much safer , and plans are underway to lure foreign tourists and investors back to juarez. this month the city launched the tourism campaign `` juarez is waiting for you. '' the rebranding effort started quietly a year ago , and on april 10 , it was on full display. mayor enrique serrano officially kicked off the campaign
you may not like the meager in-flight sandwich. but southwest have raised their game by throwing two passengers an impromptu wedding shower. andy mcilvaine , 33 , was lugging three bottles of champagne onto a flight from baltimore to maine in october to propose to his 30-year-old girlfriend kelley mulfinger when he got talking to a group of southwest employees. touched by his story , they gave him a $ 100 voucher as a gift. heartwarming : southwest airlines threw a surprise wedding shower for a long-distance couple at baltimore washington international airport. kelley mulsinger was greeted with a party and several family members when she flew in
heavy-duty : the drill that was used by thieves during the brazen # 60million hatton garden heist. this is the drill that was used by thieves during the # 60million hatton garden heist over the easter weekend. the gang used the power tool to cut through the wall of the secured vault where they raided 72 security boxes before escaping with wheelie bins full of precious gems. the photograph of the hilti dd350 drill was released tonight by scotland yard as the officer in charge of the investigation said the crime had been carried out by an ` ocean 's 11 type team '. police are offering a # 20,000 reward for information leading to the arrest and
-lrb- cnn -rrb- just over a month ago , kamron taylor sat in an illinois courtroom to hear a jury convict him of murder. early wednesday morning , taylor sat in an illinois jail. hiding outside his cell. ready to pounce. when he did , his victim was a correctional officer making his rounds , according to kankakee county sheriff timothy bukowski. taylor beat up the guard , put on his uniform and took his keys. he then walked out of the jail 's door and into the officer 's brown 2012 chevrolet equinox suv. where the 23-year-old , who was set to be sentenced in may , is now is anybody 's guess. the equinox was
tired after a long journey from scotland , nikki kelly decided to have a quiet night in. she started to feel cramps in her stomach , and believed she might be getting her period. but when she made a dash for the bathroom , the 24-year-old was shocked to find she was in fact going into the early stages of labour , and gave birth to her son on the bathroom floor. miss kelly , from bridport , dorset , had no idea she was expecting , and had even kept her size eight figure throughout the pregnancy. nikki kelly believed she was suffering from period cramps - before giving birth
hudson swafford shot a 6-under 66 for a share of the zurich classic lead with boo weekley when second-round play was suspended friday because of the threat of severe weather. swafford had an 11-under 133 total at tpc louisiana. weekley , the first-round leader after a 64 , also was 11 under with three holes left. jason day , ranked sixth in the world , was 5 under for the round through 14 holes , pulling him into a five-way tie for third at 10 under with brandon de jonge , cameron tringale , former zurich champion jerry kelly and daniel berger. tringale had a 65 , and de jonge shot 70. kelley was on the 18th green when play was stopped , and berger
a kentucky woman was forced to give birth on interstate 65 on thursday while stuck in traffic waiting for the presidential motorcade to pass. fortunately there was a nurse also stuck in the gridlock , sitting in her car nearby , who was able to run over and help deliver the little boy , arley , safely. it was bumper-to-bumper all up the i-65 in louisville for president obama 's visit to the city to tour a technology plant and give a speech about the economy , worsened because obama had been caught up in washington d.c. jessica brown was on her way
the duchess of cambridge 's baby is due as early as today , it has been revealed. according to one well-placed source , kate 's real due date is today or tomorrow - which would tie in with comments made by the duchess herself. speaking during an engagement in london last month , she said that her second child is due ` mid to late april '. scroll down for video. due today ? the duchess of cambridge revealed her baby is due ` mid to late april ' during a visit last month. kate , 33 , who was touring
watch as this brazen thief allegedly steals a donation box ahead of anzac day from an rsl club. cctv footage has captured a woman cautiously standing by the concierge desk before she quickly grabs the box of anzac badges and money while covering it with her vest at the caulfield rsl in elsternwick , south-east of melbourne about 8.00 pm on wednesday. the woman , who is donning a black-and-white striped top and a black vest , could be seen wandering her eyes around the room but walks away when a man strolls past with his blazer. she takes her reading glasses off and appears to clean them
gemma collins has expanded her popular range of plus-size clothing for evans with seven new curve-flattering tops and dresses. the 34-year-old star of the only way is essex - who has gone from selling cards in romford to being the face and force behind her successful clothing brand - feels much of her triumph comes from inspiring voluptuous women to feel more confident. she told femail : ' i heard a saying once , `` i 'm an hourglass just with more sand '' , and i love that. i think that sums me up as i have curves and love my shape. ' scroll down for video. gemma collins has expanded her popular range
muslim women should be allowed to wear a full-face veil while appearing in court , britain 's most senior judge has suggested. lord neuberger , the president of the supreme court , said judges and courtrooms should allow women to wear the traditional dress as they should ` show , and be seen to show ' respect towards different customs. he said judges should be ` sensitive ' to the fact that they usually came from ` more privileged sector of society ' than many of those facing them and they should have an understanding of the ` different cultural and social habits '. lord neuberger said
esteban cambiasso has won all the major european competitions a player can during his illustrious career but revealed that keeping leicester city in the premier league would be up there with the best. the foxes are currently seven points adrift at the bottom of the table , with only eight games remaining , knowing that time is running out to save themselves. cambiasso refuses to give up and admits that keeping leicester up will feel like winning a trophy. esteban cambiasso says that helping keep leicester in the premier league will feel like winning a trophy. ` for me , it 's like another cup , ' he told bbc east midlands today. ` when you start another season you have an objective , and
-lrb- cnn -rrb- freddie gray was arrested baltimore police on the morning of april 12 without incident , according to police. less than an hour after he was detained , officers transporting him called for a medic. he subsequently slipped into a coma , dying a week after his initial arrest. so what happened ? the events surrounding gray 's encounter with police remain unclear. to shed light on what happened , police released a more detailed timeline of events on monday , and officials speaking at a news conference elaborated on specifics of the events. `` we want to clear up some of the confusions that may exist , '' baltimore deputy police commissioner jerry rodriguez said. `` we will be looking specifically at our actions from the point that we came
lesley conman 's daughter abbie , 12 , was sent sexualised messages by an online pervert on facebook. two mothers have slammed police for failing to act after their daughters were targeted by an online predator. both lesley conman and kerry green 's young daughters were sent sexualised messages by an online pervert on facebook - but police refused to investigate as no offence had been committed. ms conman 's daughter abbie , 12 , was sent a message by the man after accepting a friend request from someone pretending to be a 17-year-old boy. after the horrified mother saw the provocative messages , she challenged the man herself , pretending to be abbie. ms conman , 34 , from hull , said : ` there were four or
we all know the time-consuming hassle of having to hoover the house , so it is perhaps no surprise to find that sailors on board this russian aircraft carrier also got bored of sweeping the decks. what is perhaps more surprising is their solution to the problem , which involved strapping an old jet engine to the front of a tractor , and using the contraption as a huge leaf-blower. the crew of the admiral kuznetsov , russia 's largest warship , came up with the novel idea to help keep the deck clear of debris which poses a major risk to jet planes taking off and landing. russian sailors on board the admiral kuznetsov
a new york man has been caught on camera catcalling women in the street -- completely oblivious to the fact that the interview he is taking part in is meant to highlight the horrible and derogatory culture of catcalling. patrick jones of buzz60 was covering a recent anti-catcalling campaign , which saw signs a series of pro-feminist signs being placed on several streets around new york city , when he took to the street to hear opinions from the public. and while the women he spoke to all called the practice ` disgusting , ' saying it makes them feel ` horrible ' and ` uncomfortable , ' one man was only too happy to demonstrate his own tactics for harassing women in public. scroll down for video. clueless catcaller : this new york man , right , did
the white house declined to give embattled drug enforcement administration chief michele leonhart a vote of confidence today as two news networks reported that she would soon resign. her anticipated departure stems from concerns that agents of the federal drug agency divulged secrets at sex parties with prostitutes that drug lords in colombia may have staged to elicit sensitive information. armed with. once-confidential documents , a u.s. congressional committee will. investigate the claims , a spokeswoman for the republican majority at the house. committee on oversight and government reform told reuters today. scroll down for video. drug enforcement administration boss michele leonhart testifies before the house committee on oversight and government reform in a hearing on sexual harassment and
-lrb- cnn -rrb- for lt. colonel john schwemmer , the scenery is all too familiar. this is his sixth tour in iraq , and he 's back doing a job that he 's been tasked with before : training iraqi soldiers. schwemmer and other active u.s. military personnel are on the ground in iraq , whipping often ill-equipped government troops into shape. they 've been here before , but this time , he feels , they 're getting it right. but the u.s. military is n't the only contingent of western forces in the region -- dozens of foreigners , including americans , have volunteered to take the fight to isis. and increasingly , u.s. military training efforts are being supplemented
channel 4 's indian summers star olivia grant headed to phuket in thailand before the start of filming the second series. i 've always had a love affair with thailand. at the end of filming channel 4 's indian summers last year , i headed to koh phangan , an island off ko samui , and did a week-long meditation and yoga course. i came away convinced i was going to carry on doing a minimum of 30 minutes of meditation every morning in london -- a resolve that was slowly eroded by the stresses of relying on london underground and from sunday hangovers. so i jumped at the chance of heading
floyd mayweather v manny pacquiao will be the biggest fight of all time financially and the most significant this century. evaluating the greatest ever fights is a complex variable of several factors including not only the quality and excitement of the action but the political , social and cultural undertones , the scale of expectation and outside influences. where money man v pacman comes to rank among the most important fights in ring history will depend upon what happens that coming night in the mgm grand garden arena. in this , the fourth in a series of 12 fights that shaped boxing history , i look back on one of the
it 's the ultimate in slow-motion footage. the bbc is to air a two-hour , real-time documentary following a canalboat as it pootles its way along a british waterway at a leisurely 4mph. for many , the languid film will be as interesting as watching paint dry , but the corporation hopes many viewers will find it a refreshing change from the usual frenetic pace of modern tv. there is no presenter , narrator , dialogue or music , so all viewers will hear are the sounds of the boat 's engine , the lapping of the water and the local birdsong as the barge makes its way along a picturesque
diane priestley was struggling to breathe and was starting to turn blue. she died of an aneurysm. an ambulance service has apologised to the family of a woman who died after errors by emergency call operators meant she was not classed as having a life-threatening condition. david priestley called 999 three times and had to wait an hour for an ambulance to reach his wife diane , who was struggling to breathe and whose tongue and lips had turned blue. an investigation has found that an ambulance should have been given a response priority of eight minutes to reach the 57-year-old at her home in shildon , county durham. instead , a longer 30 minute response time was assigned - which north east ambulance service -lrb- neas -rrb- still failed to meet
a sure sign of middle age is when you start to get nostalgic about the mobile phones of your youth. ok , those early models could n't do much compared with today 's smartphones. they could n't surf the internet , take pictures , play music or make you a cup of tea. but what they did have was a battery that lasted more than a few hours before the phone went dead. scroll down for video. modern life : according to a recent poll , nine out of ten people feel stressed if their phone battery run out. there 's even a word
-lrb- cnn -rrb- a top al qaeda in the arabian peninsula leader -- who a few years ago was in a u.s. detention facility -- was among five killed in an airstrike in yemen , the terror group said , showing the organization is vulnerable even as yemen appears close to civil war. ibrahim al-rubaish died monday night in what aqap 's media wing , al-malahem media , called a `` crusader airstrike. '' the al-malahem media obituary characterized al-rubaish as a religious scholar and combat commander. a yemeni defense ministry official and two yemeni national security officials not authorized to speak on record
a graphic on nbc 's today show on wednesday misidentified saturday night live creator lorne michaels as ` lauren '. the flub by a graphics person , made on the east coast feed of the morning show , was corrected for broadcasts in other time zones and online , the network said. today had interviewed 70-year-old michaels for a story matt lauer did on a new york gathering for people listed by time magazine as the 100 most influential in the world. michaels is a legend at nbc for snl - making the mistake by his own network even more embarrassing. scroll down for video. naming blunder : a graphic on nbc 's today
a protective dad has devised a creative way to keep the boys away from his young daughter - by printing his muscly torso on a t-shirt and making her wear it. ` stay clear boys , ' a message on the shirt warns. ` this is my dad ! ' and while his daughter does n't look too happy about the new attire , her father is pictured grinning beside her. the image was first shared on reddit under the headline ` dad security ' at the weekend. a dad created this t-shirt to keep the boys away from his daughter - and she does n't look happy about it. kit dale , a two-time world pro brazilian jiu-jitsu champion from melbourne
this is one safety video you wo n't be able to take your eyes off. a dramatic virtual environment has been created using a headset that shows how passengers would survive a plane crash landing on water. the short film has been developed on an oculus rift - a virtual reality headset - by italy 's university of udine 's hci lab. it is hoped the simulation can make people aware of the correct processes to follow for a landing on water. the video is based on an actual event when , on january 15 , 2009 , u.s. airways flight 1549 was forced into a landing on water. following a series of bird strikes , both engines failed , and the airbus a320
she was catapulted into the limelight thanks to her relationship with prince harry. but now , as her acting career looks set to take off , cressida bonas says she is more than happy being single. ` i 'm a strong , independent woman , ' she says in a new interview to promote her role as mulberry 's new muse. scroll down for videos. cressida bonas , 26 , -lrb- pictured -rrb- says she is more than happy being single following her split from prince harry. mulberry buttercup dress delphinium broderie anglaise. shop it in blue here. buy now. to the golden globes party last year , cressida rocked this black mulberry dress , just
ordinary british tennis fans face a wimbledon-type scramble for davis cup quarter-final tickets this summer and are likely to end up with less than half the overall allocation. there will be a capacity of 7,000 for july 's match against france at london 's queen 's club , but well under 3,000 tickets may be available to the kind of supporters who created such an electric atmosphere in glasgow for last month 's first round. the rest will go to various organisations and governing bodies , with a considerable percentage going to well-heeled queen 's members as part of the deal to play the tie there. british
a gun-wielding good samaritan stopped a man from stealing a car by shooting the thief in the shoulder. the woman who owned the car jumped onto the bonnet of her white honda as the teenage carjacker attempted to drive off at speed from the fast track car wash in smyrna , georgia. but the incident came to a climactic end when a man passing by produced a gun and fired a shot. police have hailed the passer-by as a hero for possibly saving the woman 's life. scroll down for video. this is the moment a passer-by whipped out his gun
-lrb- cnn -rrb- chile 's calbuco volcano erupted again thursday , marking the third time since last week , the national service of geology and mining said. gregorio billikopf lives across lake llanquihue from the volcano has been photographing and videotaping the three eruptions and described thursday 's event as spectacular but not as severe as the two prior ones. `` there is still smoke on and off , but nothing so dramatic -lrb- as before -rrb- , '' said billikopf , a retired university adviser on agricultural issues. `` on a good day i can see about eight volcanoes. `` i understand that the rain that was announced for today would have been a disaster ,
floyd mayweather v manny pacquiao will be the biggest fight of all time financially and the most significant this century. evaluating the greatest ever fights is a complex variable of several factors including not only the quality and excitement of the action but the political , social and cultural undertones , the scale of expectation and outside influences. where money man v pacman comes to rank among the most important fights in ring history will depend upon what happens that coming night in the mgm grand garden arena. in this , the fifth in a series of 12 fights that shaped boxing history , i look back on one of the
rejection proof. by jia jiang. -lrb- random house , # 13.99 -rrb-. who likes rejection ? whether you are being rejected by a lover , an employer or a barman who serves a newly arrived regular customer before you , it 's galling. and in every case there 's nothing we can do about it. nothing that does n't carry a long prison sentence , anyway. it would take someone exceptionally optimistic and uncynical to propose an alternative thesis , and jia jiang is both of those. born into a family of teachers , jia jiang was so determined to become an entrepreneur that , as a child in china
koby hodder , suffered a cardiac arrest and collapsed in the school playground when he was 10. a 10-year-old boy nearly died after suffering a cardiac arrest in the school playground. koby hodder 's heart stopped for a staggering 12 minutes after he collapsed while running around with friends during the morning break. he was playing british bulldog -- a game in which children run from one side of a playing field to another without being caught by one of the ` bulldogs ' , who often employ forceful tactics to trap runners , including rugby tackling opponents to the ground. teachers
self-assured and poised in her stilettoes and new hairstyle , nicola sturgeon clearly revelled in being centre-stage -- addressing a nationwide audience of britons , rather than just the usual five million scots. such was her exultation that judy murray , mother of tennis star andy -lrb- who was widely criticised for voicing his support for scottish independence on the eve of last year 's independence referendum -rrb- , tweeted about her triumph. judy murray said : ` gsm sturgeon ' -lrb- game , set and match -rrb-. scroll down for video. the britain-wide tv audience was clearly impressed - an instant
the zulu king blamed for sparking the violence against foreigners which has seen south africa 's streets turn into battlefields running with blood over the past two weeks is no stranger to scandal. it was just a couple of years ago that king goodwill zwelithini - who last month said foreigners should ` pack their belongings ' and leave - labelled homosexuals as ` rotten '. the dyed-in-the-wool traditionalist has also courted the wrath of women 's rights and hiv/aids campaigners for his hardline stance on controversial traditional virginity testing. scroll down for video. controversial : king goodwill zwelithini -lrb- pictured -rrb- has been blamed for sparking the xenophobic riots which has left at least seven
nick cannon has signed and sealed a deal to write a tell-all book about his marriage to mariah carey - and she is furious about him betraying her. mariah rejected nick 's numerous demands for a $ 30 million divorce settlement so now he 's writing the book -- saying he plans get his payday for being married to her one way or another - and there is nothing she can do about it because he already signed the deal last week with major publishing company simon and schuster. simon & schuster has confirmed to daily mail online that the book is being published
it is a well-known fact that the technology industry is mostly dominated by men , but now , thanks to a new blog by a young female computing student , women in tech have finally been given a platform through which their amazing achievements are being recognized. stanford computer science student lea coligado , 21 , created women of silicon valley , a blog based on the people-profiling website humans of new york , in order to showcase the talents and stories of tech 's best and brightest women working within the industry. ` over the past couple years , i 've come into contact with some awesome women in tech through stanford or work , and i kept thinking to myself , why have
the birth of alanna and stephan goetzinger 's third daughter was meant to go like the previous two - an intimate family moment that took place in a wading pool their bedroom at home , lit by candles. instead , the night turned to tragedy when the little girl rana died either during birth or within minutes afterwards. a coroner found that the care given by the midwife who assisted at the birth in 2012 was ` grossly inadequate ' and may have contributed to the death of the baby. but in a move many people would find extraordinary , the couple refuses to blame the midwife , and are in fact is defending her actions. alanna and stephen goetzinger -lrb- pictured with their daughters kayla , right , and alice , left -rrb- lost their daughter during a stillbirth in 2012 and have spoken
we reveal how to get the enviable physiques of the stars. this week : jennifer aniston 's arms. jennifer looking toned at the 2015 vanity fair oscar party hosted by graydon carter. in a versace gown at this year 's oscars , jennifer aniston showed off her well-toned arms. the 46-year-old works out three times a week with her long-term trainer , mandy ingber. sessions include 20-25 minutes of spinning , followed by 45 minutes of yoga. on other days , she might do anything from 40 minutes cycling to ten minutes each of core work , spinning and running. when she stays at a
an airline passenger who was stabbed with a pen by a woman sitting next to him because he was snoring compared the bizarre attack to being ` stung by bees '. lenny mordarski , 68 , was viciously poked with the blue ballpoint before take off on the southwest airlines flight from chicago to manchester , new hampshire on thursday. he told abc7 : ` imagine being asleep and then being stung by bees , and then waking up and going owww. ' he added : ` she was smirking ... i mean , she said zero at this point , and i just kind of , and all i wanted to do was not be sitting next to her. ' scroll down for video. lenny mordarski , 68 , was viciously poked with the blue ballpoint
he loves fast cars , big houses and flash clothes so floyd mayweather is n't one to hold back in the kitchen either , given that he pays up to $ 1,000 per plate when the food is cooked by chef q. the boxer invited compatriot adrien broner for a feast at his mansion , as he continues his preparation for the $ 300million mega-fight against manny pacquiao. broner , a three-time world champion , took to instagram to show off the food on show. floyd mayweather is willing to splash the cash in the food department by paying over $ 1,000 per dish. chef q , also known as quiana jeffries , has helped the 38-year-old
a student has become an online sensation after powering his cambridge college to glory in the final of university challenge. ted loveday managed to answer 10 starter questions in the last round of the bbc quiz show , helping gonville and caius college , cambridge defeat magdalen college , oxford. viewers were astounded by his general knowledge prowess - but the law student has now admitted that he had help from some unlikely sources. scroll down for video. star : ted loveday has powered gonville and caius college , cambridge to victory in university challenge. mr loveday revealed after his team 's triumph that they had revised for the programme by watching youtube videos and researching possible questions on
new jersey governor chris christie was n't looking too presidential tuesday night when he got into a heated debate with a veteran teacher at a town hall meeting. and now the state 's largest teacher 's union is calling him out for his ` bullying ' behavior. ` he 's always taken a very nasty and disrespectful tone with teachers and other individuals who dare to question him at these events , ' steve wollmer of the nj education association told nj.com. ` it 's the one thing that never seems to change. ' scroll down for video. not being nice : new jersey gov chris christie -lrb- left
in one of the classic games of their long and illustrious rivalry , the first meeting of the season between the boston red sox and new york yankees lasted nearly seven hours - becoming the longest game in team history for both. boston took a 6-5 lead in the 19th inning on saturday morning on a sacrifice fly by mookie betts. xander bogaerts scored after reaching on his fourth hit of extra innings. chase headley and mark teixeira hit tying home runs for the yankees in a game interrupted by a power outage for 16 minutes in the 12th. fans used their cell
tragedy : carwyn scott-howell fell to his death while on holiday with his mother ceri scott-howell , nine-year-old sister antonia and brother gerwyn , 19 , in the alps. the family of a seven-year-old skier killed in the french alps have paid tribute to their ` daring , outgoing , determined little boy ' and revealed he got lost in woods before sliding towards a 164ft cliff. it is thought carwyn scott-howell may have entered the dense woodland because he thought it was a shortcut to his hotel in the ski resort of flaine. he was on holiday with his mother ceri scott-howell , nine-year-old sister antonia and brother gerwyn , 19. carwyn 's parents , ex-nurse mrs scott-howell and husband rhys , a former butcher ,
-lrb- cnn -rrb- sleek chassis , alluring paintwork and a need for speed , but these are no ordinary motors. when pedal hits metal , an eco-friendly process gets set in motion. powered by electricity and engineered for efficiency , car enthusiasts from across africa are sparking home-grown concepts that have gotten experts revving. in zaria , a city in northern nigeria , a team of students from the ahmadu bello university are currently applying the final touches to the `` abucar 2. '' the students used locally available materials to build the vehicle , and even included recycled electrical components in the engine. while it runs on gasoline ,
george w. bush ` just stood and took it ' when the grieving mother of a dying soldier screamed at him while he paid visit to a military hospital , his former press secretary has revealed. dana perino was accompanying the former president as he visited wounded soldiers and their families at the walter reed hospital in washington , d.c. perino said these regular visits were usually filled with joy , but this particular meeting was one of the exceptions , she wrote in her new book and the good news is : lessons and advice from the bright side. ` the mom was beside herself with grief. she yelled at the president , wanting to know why it was her child and not his who lay in
the u.s. and her allies are at an ever growing risk of a systemic cyber-assault , with energy infrastructure likely to be hacker 's prime target. the stark warning comes from general keith alexander , the retired four-star general and former chief of the national security agency. ` the greatest risk is a catastrophic attack on the energy infrastructure. we are not prepared for that , ' he warned. scroll down for video. former nsa chief general keith alexander has warned that the u.s. and her allies are at an ever growing risk of a systemic cyber-assault , with energy infrastructure likely to be hacker 's prime target. alexander , who led the u.s. battle against cyber-threats for much of the last decade , was speaking at a private dinner held by ihs
when young school students perform poorly in their classes , the usual antidote is more study , but desperate parents are instead opting for potentially dangerous diy brain stimulation kits to motivate their child. the abc have reported that for a few hundred dollars , you can purchase your own kit on the web , and nothing is stopping buyers from using it on their children. online advertisements have promised immediate results , but have not made the potential dangerous side effects clear. experts have voiced concerns over diy brain stimulation kits for children that are being sold online. for a
gary ballance 's hundred looks to have closed the door on an england return for kevin pietersen in the near future. that is the view of former captain andrew flintoff -- with ballance , ian bell and joe root surely all now secure in the middle order for the summer. former ashes hero flintoff believes pietersen is now ` running out of time ' to resurrect his test career. he will be 35 on june 27 , before the home ashes series starts. gary ballance produced an outstanding display with the bat against west indies on thursday. ballance , ian bell and joe root 's form my
healing : mothers have reported powerful properting from eating their placenta. pictured : a smoothie. there is a tall glass of something very red and rather alarming on the kitchen counter when i meet kathryn beale at her three-bedroom home in swindon. more scary still , she appears to be drinking it. fortunately it soon becomes clear that my suspicions are unwarranted , as the substance in the tumbler is nothing more troubling than plain old fruit juice. but i am here because kathryn is a national expert in the art of the strange foodstuff , and one very disconcerting product in particular. the 41-year-old mother-of-two is part of a rapidly growing cottage industry that prepares
-lrb- cnn -rrb- `` success kid '' is likely the internet 's most famous baby. you 've seen him in dozens of memes , fist clenched in a determined look of persevering despite the odds. success kid -- now an 8-year-old named sammy griner -- needs a little bit of that mojo to rub off on his family. his dad , justin , needs a kidney transplant. about a week ago , laney griner , justin 's wife and sammy 's mother , created a gofundme campaign with a goal of $ 75,000 to help cover the medical expenses that go along with a kidney transplant. the campaign is already a success.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- recently , robert kennedy jr. was in sacramento , california , to campaign against senate bill 227 , which makes it harder for parents to opt out of vaccinations. in his remarks at an anti-vaccination movie screening , he decided to compare `` vaccine-induced '' autism to the holocaust. he said , `` they get the shot , that night they have a fever of a hundred and three , they go to sleep , and three months later their brain is gone , '' kennedy said. `` this is a holocaust , what this is doing to
graphic images have emerged of a badly beaten transgender prisoner amid reports police ` pulverized ' her face , forced her to strip and shaved her head. pictures show veronica bolina lying partially naked on the ground in front of a group of officers and other prisoners in sao paulo , brazil. the 25-year-old had previously been arrested over an alleged attack on her 73-year-old neighbour. warning graphic content. pictures have emerged of transgender woman veronica bolina -lrb- left -rrb- amid reports police ` pulverized ' her face leaving her with horrific injuries -lrb- right -rrb-. images show veronica bolina lying partially naked on the floor in front of a group of officers and other prisoners in the
josh warrington admitted he was bored by the end of his fight against dennis tubieron as he eased to a lop-sided points win in leeds. the 24-year-old has been billed as the next ricky hatton due to his impressive fan base and close to 10,000 packed into the first direct arena on saturday night. accompanied to the ring by vinnie jones , the featherweight was never in trouble but failed to deliver the stoppage that had looked a formality during the contest. josh warrington -lrb- right -rrb- poses with vinnie jones after his victory over dennis tubieron. ' a couple of times i thought would get him out of there.
host commentator. so that 's it from the sportsmail live coverage of real madrid versus granada. goals from cristiano ronaldo -lrb- five , yes , five -rrb- , karim benzema -lrb- two -rrb- , gareth bale and a diego mainz own goal secure a huge win. robert ibanez scored granada 's consolation. thanks for following our coverage. if you enjoyed it , why not follow our minute-by-minute updates of tottenham hotspur 's trip to burnley back in the barclays premier league. our live coverage has started here. that 's it at the bernabeu. final score , real madrid 9-1 granada. the biggest win of the la liga season and what a way for the
controversial wellness blogger belle gibson is still being investigated over claims she faked her cancer battles , despite reports police had dropped the investigation. victoria police had explored the option of criminal charges being levelled against ms gibson after people began to question her cancer claims and charity work last month. one of the charges being considered was obtaining financial advantage by deception , but it had been dropped , according to the herald sun. scroll down for video. belle gibson : doubt has been cast on the whole pantry founder 's stories as people demand answers from the health guru. however , victoria police told
` cool ' credentials : this week samantha cameron revealed her love of alternative group poliça. she rarely misses a chance to demonstrate her ` cool ' credentials. and this week samantha cameron was at it again , revealing her love of alternative group poliça. but their brand of psychedelic rock conjures up a world a far cry from her life in downing street and the cotswolds. the american band -- whose name roughly translates as ` policy ' in polish -- are inspired by a radical feminist who described pregnancy as ` barbaric ' , and their songs feature violent imagery. the video for the first single on the group 's most recent album depicts androgynous-looking singer
this is the incredible moment a tiger was sent crashing to the floor after mistiming an attack on a fleet-footed bird. the ferocious feline was chasing what was sure to be dinner when it slipped on the icy surface and lost its footing. as the tiger raced towards the bird , it flew directly upwards forcing the mammal to try and stop dead in its tracks. oops-a-daisy ! this tiger lots its footing in spectacular style while trying to catch a chicken at a zoo in china. on the attack : at first all was well , with the tiger homing straight in on an airborne feathery meal. target : as the bird flew upwards the tiger
a body found in the mississippi river over the weekend has been identified as minnesota fourth-grader barway edwin collins who has been missing for nearly four weeks. authorities said the body of the ten-year-old was found on saturday around 1pm by searchers from a boy scout troop - about ten feet from the river 's edge in brooklyn center. crystal police chief stephanie revering said authorities have electronic evidence that shows the boy 's father , pierre collins , 33 , was in that area at the time the boy disappeared. however , she did not elaborate on the nature of that evidence. police said on sunday that the boy 's
lady penelope -lrb- left -rrb- and her faithful chauffeur aloysius parker -lrb- right -rrb- have been given slight tweaks for the 2015 remake of thunderbirds. five. four. three. two. one. thunderbirds are go ! again ! yes , 50 years after the futuristic puppet show launched and landed all over the world , itv is bringing it back. however , the jerky puppets that rescued the world from all kinds of disaster have been replaced by computer-generated figures. in a nod to 21st-century political correctness , there are also more women and several multicultural characters have been added. geeky scientist brains has lost his bow tie for an open-neck shirt and has been
she captured hearts across the nation as she realized her dream to play for mount st. joseph 's women 's basketball team in ohio and raised $ 1.5 million - all while battling inoperable brain cancer. and one of the millions lauren hill touched was lebron james , who posted an emotional farewell letter to the teenager via twitter on friday , just hours after she passed away from her rare tumor. in the letter , the basketball star , dubbed king james , praised the 19-year-old for the ` leadership ' , ` courage ' and ` strength ' she had shown while suffering from diffuse
-lrb- cnn -rrb- it 's obvious that tom brady 's love for his wife , model gisele bundchen , will never go out of fashion. bundchen walked the runway for the last time wednesday , and the new england patriots quarterback was n't just there to support her in person , he expressed his emotions to the world on facebook. `` congratulations love of my life , '' brady wrote. `` you inspire me every day to be a better person. i am so proud of you and everything you have accomplished on the runway. i have never met someone with more of
a woman has been arrested after she allegedly broke into a home on martha 's vineyard , lived inside for at least a week and sold items belonging to the owners in a yard sale. michelle filkins , 44 , of west wareham has been charged with breaking and entering , larceny over $ 250 , and malicious destruction of property. she was discovered at the court street property in edgartown by owner mark conklin on april 17. michelle filkins , 44 , of west wareham has been charged with breaking and entering , larceny over $ 250 , and the malicious destruction of property after she was arrested on april 17.
a 32-year-old english teacher who admitted having sex with a 16-year-old student posted a celebratory selfie on instagram just hours after discovering she had avoided a prison sentence. shelley dufresnein from st charles parish , louisiana , took a plea deal on thursday that gets her out of serving any time behind or having to register as a sex offender. when she returned home from court she uploaded an image of her grinning to the social media site alongside the message : ` my mood today , ' followed by three smiley faces. followers started congratulating her on the outcome below the picture , prompting her to respond : ` i 'm so relieved. ' however she is still
-lrb- cnn -rrb- eternally blooming in kolkata , india , along the hooghly river is malik ghat , a wholesale flower market that attracts more than 2,000 sellers each day. photographer ken hermann visited the market for his project `` flower man , '' which is a series of portraits that casts light upon the people behind the petals. when hermann was in kolkata working on another assignment , he went to the market as a tourist. after that first encounter with malik ghat , his captivation with the market did not diminish and he became intent on returning. '' -lrb- the flower sellers -rrb- woke my curiosity.
with a mother as glamorous and as make-up savvy as kim kardashian , it 's no surprise that her one-year-old daughter north west is already developing an obsession with beauty products - and shoes. the 34-year-old mom , who married rapper kanye west in may last year , spoke with elle.com about her daughter 's budding independence and style preferences while sharing her approach to being a businesswoman , mother , wife and dressing her post-baby body. ' -lsb- north -rsb- is obsessed with make-up and watching me get ready and getting ready herself , ' kim told the website. ` she just loves the
baby malakai has been alive for seven months and he 's never left the hospital. the newborn can not see , can not hear and struggles to breath. doctors say he may not ever be able to walk. having been diagnosed with a rare medical condition known as pallister killian syndrome -lrb- pks -rrb- , his mother had to give up her job in perth in order to provide full-time care for her son. without an income , stacy maitai has been forced to survive on welfare funding of $ 90 a week to support her baby and her seven-year-old daughter. and the 28-year-old is not eligible
quinton ` rampage ' jackson has admitted he has already been through the wringer , even before he steps back into the octagon. jackson returns to the ufc after two years with bellator when he takes on fabio maldonado in montreal on saturday night. but he had to first endure a protracted legal battle before he was permitted to feature at ufc 186. quinton ` rampage ' jackson and fabio maldonado face off during the ufc 186 weigh-in on friday. ` everything happens for a reason , ' he said. ` it was a very stressful period , it was so stressful preparing for this fight. i 've never went through this type of thing before. i felt like i had to fight to get here , and that 's been
britain should be wary of adopting trendy pupil-led teaching techniques from scandinavia because they may be making standards worse , a new report claims. progressive education experts in the uk have long pushed for our system to emulate the group work and independent study that is popular in finland , which has regularly topped international league tables. but a new analysis of finnish education suggests pupil aptitude has actually declined since the country embraced fashionable teaching methods. pupil-led techniques : a new analysis of finnish education suggests pupil aptitude has actually declined since the country embraced fashionable teaching methods -lrb- file picture -rrb-. according to research by the right-leaning centre for
a seven-year-old boy was raped and set on fire by two youths when he went to buy some food. the youths took the boy to an isolated place and raped him. when he resisted , they set him on fire , inspector sasthe told pti. the boy , who suffered 30 per cent burns to his body , somehow managed to escape , sasthe added. the shocking incident occurred in pagma nagar -lrb- located on this map -rrb- , in bhiwandi city , a suburb of mumbai. the incident , which happened in bhiwandi , in mumbai -lrb- stock image -rrb- is being investigated by police. the incident took place in padma nagar
the owner of an indiana pizza restaurant who was forced to close shop after she told a local news reporter that her establishment would not cater a gay wedding reaffirmed her beliefs in an interview on saturday. crystal o'connor , owner of memories pizza in walkerton , said that she stands by her statement , and that she does not hate gay people - she just does not support gay marriage. she then responded to the now staggering $ 850,000 that has been raised in support of her establishment by saying ; ` god has blessed us for standing up for what we believe , and not denying him. ' scroll down video. crystal o'connor -lrb- above -rrb- , owner of memories pizza in walkerton , indiana ,
a former air stewardess who was struck down by a devastating illness is making her catwalk debut today in a wheelchair. gemma flanagan , 31 , from liverpool , was left paralysed after suddenly being hit by guillain barre syndrome , a rare condition which attacks the nervous system. the aspiring model was working for british airways when the condition first struck. but the aspiring model , 31 , is n't letting that hold her back as she makes her catwalk debut today. air hostess gemma flanagan , pictured strengthening her legs , left , and in a wheelchair , right , was left paralysed after being hit by guillain barre syndrome. she said : ' i had
suspected rogue trader navinder sarao lived in his parents ' modest home because it gave him a split-second advantage worth millions of pounds - and a potential # 40million offshore nest egg. his family 's semi-detached house in suburban west london is closer to an internet server used by one of the major financial exchanges , giving him a nanosecond advantage over rivals in the city. his thousands of high-frequency trades could be processed faster than those from dealers in central london , giving him a massive commercial advantage. sarao , 36 , was dubbed the ` hound of hounslow ' after it emerged
friends and neighbours. for the next 48 hours , however , the pint will have to stay behind the bar as chris ramsey and tim sherwood go toe to toe in the scrap for survival. as far as qpr manager ramsey is concerned , sherwood 's aston villa are in no danger of tumbling out of the barclays premier league , despite their lowly position. the verdict is delivered on the evidence that ramsey has gathered in four years of working alongside sherwood at tottenham. chris ramsey believes his friend and neighbour tim sherwood will keep aston villa in the premier league. but the qpr boss will be pulling no punches when he clashes with his former tottenham
nick clegg deserves another chance at being in power after suffering the wrath of voters , his wife miriam said today. the lib dem leader 's wife said the party 's mps ` deserve ' to be re-elected in may after putting the country above their party for five years ` at great personal cost '. she hit the campaign trail on her own today , as mr clegg said she ` just wanted to do her bit ' for the party. scroll down for video. miriam clegg joined lib dem home office minister lynne featherstone in hornsey and wood green in north london , where they shared a joke over
smoking , pregnant , covered in dirt and down-and-out - it 's not how we pictured a superhero. but that 's exactly how they have been imagined in this amusing photo series that reveals how the good guys could end up after their life fighting crime comes to an end. photographer martin beck has snapped captain america , iron man and the green lantern taking a step back from fighting crime and portrays how they are instead focusing on the struggles of getting through the week. scroll down for video. not too bothered about the joker these days , the bat family have a little one on the way -lrb- omar as batman and dina
two warring sisters were yesterday stripped of the right to control their aged mother 's fortune because of the intensity of the hatred between them. the hostility between the women -- one a 61-year-old retired gp and the other a 58-year-old radiographer -- meant they would never be able to make rational decisions about how to deal with the 97-year-old widow 's property , a judge said. senior judge denzil lush said the elder sister could be jailed for attempting to alter a legal document , so she could gain greater control over her mother 's money. the mother , who has dementia , lives in a care home in stoke mandeville , buckinghamshire. she owns a # 600,000 house , has
-lrb- cnn -rrb- japan 's space agency announced this week that the country would put an unmanned rover on the surface of the moon by 2018 , joining an elite club of nations who have explored earth 's satellite. the japan aerospace exploration agency -lrb- jaxa -rrb- , divulged the plan to an expert panel , including members of the cabinet and the education , culture , sports , science and technology ministry on monday. `` this is an initial step and a lot of procedures are still ahead before the plan is formally approved , '' a jaxa spokesperson told reporters. if it is approved , the agency will reportedly use its epsilon solid-fuel rocket technology
it 's one of the most boring kitchen jobs ; prepping a mound of potatoes for mash. but this ingenious method eliminates all dinner preparation stress when you 've got a pile to peel. youtuber dave hax 's clever spud solution does away with peelers , and instead lets boiling water do all the hard work. the innovative mr hax , whose youtube channel demonstrates various life hacks , devised the simple kitchen method which results in perfectly peeled potatoes. start by taking a sharp knife and running the blade carefully around the middle of the potato , he advises in the video.
in a week where people have been highlighting the lack of young english talent in the premier league , it 's good to see three youngsters playing in my old position have really caught the eye this season. calum chambers , eric dier and john stones have all enjoyed excellent premier league campaigns. defence is not the easiest area for a young player to make an impression -- managers can be reluctant to trust youth in a position of responsibility -- but these three have done just that. what sets them apart is their self-belief. chambers and stones are still 20 and dier is 21 , but there are
presidents , kings and dukes will gather in los angeles this weekend to represent their great nations , but you 've probably never heard of them. the leaders of places with names like molossia , westarctica , vikesland and broslavia are coming together at the anaheim central library for microcon 2015 , which has been dubbed the first north american gathering of micronations. these self-proclaimed countries print their own stamps , wave their own flags and mint their own money. many have also created sashes and pendants for their royalty. but most of their citizens have a population of less than 10. many do n't even live on the land at all. scroll down for video. molossia , population five , is just one of the small , self-proclaimed micronations that will be represented at microcon
-lrb- cnn -rrb- a bus collided with a fuel tanker in southern morocco on friday , a fiery crash that killed at least 35 people -- most of them children -- state and local media reported. the accident caused a fire that hollowed out the bus , leaving little more than its frame. debris scattered across the road , while smoke rose into the sky , videos posted to social media show. the dead included athletes traveling for a sporting competition , an eyewitness told 2m tv , a moroccan state-owned network. after the crash , photos appeared on social media of young , smiling boys in soccer uniforms along with condolence messages such as
designer lilly pulitzer 's family learned that it 's not always about who you know - or who you are are related to - after they joined the thousands of people who were unable to beat the ` pink sunday ' rush for the late ms pulitzer 's eponymous brand 's brightly-colored , limited edition collaboration at target. the 250-piece lilly pulitzer for target collection sold out online and flew off of shelves at stores shortly after debuting on sunday morning. lilly leas , the 26-year-old granddaughter of the late palm beach fashion trendsetter , managed to buy a floral-printed hammock online , but only because she set an alarm. meanwhile , mrs pulitzer 's own daughter liza wanted a beach
reality star joey essex has claimed to be all at sea when it comes to knowing about politics. so he joined nigel farage on a boat trip in grimsby this morning to try and understand his general election plans. before boarding the boat , essex told reporters that the only thing he knew about the party leader was he is a ` really , really reem guy '. mr farage quipped : ' i think that 's good ... i 'm not sure. ' as the stunt took a bizarre twist , the ukip leader hailed the tv star as an ` icon of youth '. scroll down for video. towie star joey essex today met ukip leader
a hue of blue inspired by the waters of hawaii is a prominent feature of the obama state china service being unveiled by the white house. president barack obama is a hawaii native who returns every christmas for vacation. michelle obama 's office says the first lady chose what 's being called ` kailua blue ' to distinguish her family 's china from the red , green , blue and yellow used on more recent state services. scroll down for video. went bright : michelle obama chose a bold , watery blue hue to accent the obama white house 's official china. pickard , america 's oldest fine china company , has been in business since 1893. in that time , their high end offerings have won them an extremely discerning clientele , including :. air force one. camp david. gracie mansion. king of saudia arabia.
chelsea were made to work hard for their three points against stoke at stamford bridge on saturday but eden hazard starred for jose mourinho 's team. he slotted chelsea ahead in typically composed fashion from the penalty spot before charlie adam equalised with an astonishing strike from inside his own half shortly before half time. stoke continued to make things difficult for chelsea until an asmir begovic error led to loic remy tapping in the winner. here , sportsmail 's kieran gill gives his player ratings. chelsea -lrb- 4-2-3-1 -rrb-. thibaut courtois -- 5.5. never called into action in the opening 43 minutes but beaten by adam with an incredible strike from
for decades , sheds have a been a place that men build at the bottom of the garden so they have a place to be alone. in the book ` men and sheds , ' the author gordon thorburn called the wooden buildings a `` male necessity '' - somewhere were they could do some woodwork , pot some plants or even just read the newspaper in peace. but now the female sex and demanding a place at the bottom of the garden to call their own - a she shed. scroll down for video. more and more women are demanding their own `
with the coffee drinking scene continuing to grow in britain , baristas and cafe owners are putting more thought into the cakes and pasties that accompany your beverage. and while coffee matching rules are not as hard and fast as wine pairing ones , there are still some things you should consider. so the next time you order a latte and reach for a slice of cake , you might want to want to rethink your choice of dessert and have a chelsea bun instead. the next time you order your coffee give some thought to your choice of pastry. the classic english
a miami university of ohio student killed by her boyfriend in february was shot in her own bed in a locked bedroom as she slept fully clothed , according to a grisly coroner 's report revealed tuesday. rebecca eldemire , 21 , was shot repeatedly in the face with a .357 magnum by her boyfriend , 27-year-old larry tipton. after shooting eldemire twice , tipton laid down face up beside her and fatally shot himself. ` on a desk within -lrb- eldemire 's bedroom -rrb- is a two-page -lrb- suicide -rrb- note written by him , ' reads the report obtained by the cincinnati enquirer. scroll down for video. killed : larry tipton
they used to be given away as a method companies used to let potential new customers sample their products and - hopefully - come back for more. now showbags cost anywhere from $ 10 to $ 30 and are among the mounting prices parents are paying for their annual trip to the easter show - along with $ 40 entrance fees and $ 15 rides. but are the contents of the bags worth the prices being paid ? the official website of the sydney royal easter show lists the retail value of show bag contents , and reveals that at least one of the
a beautiful sunny evening and i am having a drink in the garden with friends. all is right with the world , apart from one thing -- my head is itching horribly. without thinking , i scratch behind my ear , then near the crown , before my fingers move to my neck -- where i can feel a smattering of small bites. i do n't just want to scratch , i want to rake my nails across my scalp and draw blood. feelings of well-being evaporate and my stomach lurches. i edge away from my unsuspecting friends. daisy goodwin has has
-lrb- cnn -rrb- french customs officers say they have seized more than 2 tons of cocaine aboard a sailboat that was falsely flying an american flag in the caribbean. the drugs , whose value is estimated at more than $ 105 million , are the biggest cocaine seizure ever carried out by french authorities , said michael lachaux , director of customs operations in martinique. officers arrested one venezuelan and two spanish citizens who were on board the vessel off the coast of martinique on wednesday , lachaux said in an interview with the radio station france info on saturday. martinique is an overseas department of france. in november , french customs officials seized nearly 250 kilograms -lrb- 550 pounds -rrb- of cocaine on a vessel that was also off the coast
-lrb- cnn -rrb- in case you have n't noticed , we 're in the midst of a medical marijuana revolution. given the amount of questions and mystery surrounding the science behind it , dr. sanjay gupta wanted to provide some insight. he 's been investigating medical marijuana for the last couple of years. his research has resulted in three cnn documentaries , culminating with `` weed 3 : the marijuana revolution , '' airing at 9 p.m. et/pt sunday. gupta opened up to questions on twitter. here 's what you wanted to know :. how does this affect me ? readers were
as part of its commitment to diversity and inclusion , microsoft has launched a recruitment drive for people with autism. the pilot scheme will begin by recruiting 10 people with autism or asperger syndrome to be based at the firm 's redmond offices in washington. if successful , the scheme could extend to more vacancies worldwide. the pilot scheme will recruit 10 people with autism who will be based in microsoft 's redmond offices in washington -lrb- pictured -rrb-. microsoft is running the scheme with support from specialists at specialisterne. the plans were announced by mary ellen smith , corporate vice president or worldwide operations. microsoft is running the scheme with support from specialisterne and the announcement was made on the
gary locke will be confirmed as kilmarnock 's permanent manager on friday - exactly eight weeks after he was asked to take charge until the end of the season. an announcement will be made by the rugby park club on friday morning , with the former hearts boss being given a three-year deal. and on thursday the 39-year-old paid tribute to the players whose efforts have helped him win favour with new chairman jim mann since he replaced allan johnston on a caretaker basis in february. kilmarnock will confirm gary locke as the club 's new permanent manager on friday. ` i 'd be over the moon to get it as it 's something i 've worked hard towards , ' said locke while negotiations were being finalised at the ayrshire club. ` i had a taste of it -lrb- management -rrb- at hearts and really enjoyed it. i
a stunning italian political candidate who has posted dozens of pictures of herself in skimpy bikinis has denied using her looks to get votes. the relatively unknown stefania la greca was suddenly catapulted into the limelight after the sexy shots of the lega sud ausoni party candidate went viral. but the 36-year-old , who is hoping to represent caldoro in campania , southern italy after may 's regional elections , defended her photographs. pictures of stefania la greca , who is running for local elections in southern italy , have gone viral ahead of the elections in may. ms la greca -lrb- left
two jihadi brides have escaped from islamic state 's female police force and revealed the horrifying punishments they used to inflict on other women. doaa and umm , whose names have been changed to conceal their identities , were smuggled from raqqa , in syria , to southern turkey after leaving the al-khansa brigade earlier this year. the pair said they used to be heavily involved in punishing others who did not obey the group 's rules - including giving 60 lashes to those who tried to flee. scroll down for video. doaa and umm -lrb- above -rrb- , whose names have been changed to conceal their identities have revealed what life was like working for the brutal al-khansa brigade. in an interview with sky news doaa , who left after her saudi
visitors to a metro-detroit museum have a chance to get an up-close look at the chair abraham lincoln was shot in at washington d.c. 's ford 's theatre in 1865 next week as the museum puts it center stage. the red , worn chair will be removed from its enclosure at dearborn 's henry ford museum and displayed in an open plaza on april 15 as part of the museum 's observance of the assassination 's 150 anniversary. two days earlier , it will be onstage when renowned historian and lincoln expert doris kearns goodwin delivers a sold-out lecture at the henry ford.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- one of the biggest stars in mixed martial arts is wanted for questioning after a hit-and-run crash in new mexico. jon `` bones '' jones , the reigning ufc light heavyweight champion , is wanted for `` his possible involvement in a hit-and-run accident '' sunday morning , albuquerque police said. a pregnant woman in her 20s who was driving another vehicle suffered minor injuries in the accident , police said. `` officers attempted to contact mr. jones at his residence sunday evening , but were unsuccessful , '' albuquerque police said in a statement. `` we have also reached out to his lawyer , but as of now ,
hillary rodham clinton 's presidential campaign will center on boosting economic security for the middle class and expanding opportunities for working families , while casting the former senator and secretary of state as a ` tenacious fighter ' able to get results , two senior advisers said on saturday. president barack obama all but endorsed her saying ' i think she would be an excellent president. ' the senior advisers provided the first preview of the message clinton planned to convey when she launches her long-anticipated campaign on sunday with an online video. scroll down for video. two senior advisers said on saturday that hillary clinton 's presidential
while having six toes on the same foot would have once guaranteed you a place in a travelling circus , it seems polydactylism does have its bonuses in the sporting arena. unbeaten boxer danny garcia , who defeated amir khan in four rounds in 2012 , revealed he will carry an unusual advantage when he steps into the ring to face lamont peterson on saturday. when asked by entertainment channel tmz to reveal something embarrassing about himself , the us boxer explained he has an extra toe on his right foot before promptly removing his sock to show off his secret weapon. danny garcia -lrb- 2nd left -rrb- is set to fight lamont peterson -lrb- 2nd
rapper vanilla ice. avoided prosecution in florida on thursday after agreeing to a. plea deal over a grand theft charge from february , his attorney said. ` he 's pretty thrilled. he 's never really been in trouble. like this before so obviously he was nervous , ' said defense. lawyer bradford cohen of fort lauderdale. the rapper , whose real name is robert van winkle , appeared. in palm beach county court on thursday. he agreed to. perform 100 hours of community service and pay $ 1,333 to the. estate of a neighbor in lantana for allegedly stealing furniture. and pool equipment from the $ 1million home , according to the pre-trial intervention. deal. vanilla ice , whose real
-lrb- cnn -rrb- about a quarter of a million australian homes and businesses have no power after a `` once in a decade '' storm battered sydney and nearby areas. about 4,500 people have been isolated by flood waters as `` the roads are cut off and we wo n't be able to reach them for a few days , '' michael langley , spokesman for the new south wales state emergency service said. devastating winds lashed cars and homes. the storm system also brought destructive flooding that washed away houses and brought down trees onto streets and buildings. the emergency services have been slammed with 13,000 calls for help due to flooding and
a year after he launched his own app and made headlines , leo grand is still homeless. on the night he launched his first app , a homeless man predicted that his life was going to change. ' i can work at google , i can work at spacex , ' leo grand gleefully stated minutes after his carpooling app trees for cars went live. ` this will change my life in a magnificent way. ' it 's been a year and a half since that moment led to grand and his mentor , patrick mcconlogue , becoming media sensations. but trees for cars is no longer available , and grand is still homeless , mashable reported. in august 2013 mcconlogue offered grand , the
travel to the tropics today and you 'll experience balmy annual mean temperatures of 30 °c -lrb- 85 °f -rrb-. but travel there 2.4 billion years ago , and it 's likely you would have been subjected to arctic-like temperatures of -40 °c -lrb- -40 °f -rrb-. this so-called ` snowball earth ' theory suggests that our planet was once entirely frozen over - and it could have implications for finding life on other frozen worlds like europa and enceladus. a university of cologne scientist led research proposing a new theory. it suggests temperatures at earth 's equator were -40 °c -lrb- -40 °f
their parents came to the u.s. for opportunities and now these four teens have them in abundance. the high-achieving high schoolers have each been accepted to all eight ivy league schools : brown university , columbia university , cornell university , dartmouth college , harvard university , university of pennsylvania , princeton university and yale university. and as well as the ivy league colleges , each of them has also been accepted to other top schools. while they all grew up in different cities , the students are the offspring of immigrant parents who moved to america - from bulgaria , somalia or nigeria. and all four - munira khalif from minnesota
-lrb- cnn -rrb- about 150,000 years ago -- give or take 20,000 -- a guy fell into a well. last month he made science history. the altamura man became the oldest neanderthal to have his dna extracted by researchers. it took them more than 20 years to get around to doing it. scientists in southern italy have known about him since 1993 , when spelunkers spied his skull staring blankly back at them from its nook in the lamalunga cave , deep under the town of altamura. the cave explorers told researchers at the university of bari what they 'd found , according to their report published in march in the journal of human evolution and phys.org. altamura man
-lrb- cnn -rrb- the fbi is investigating a possible isis-inspired terrorist threat in the united states , law enforcement officials said saturday. the investigation originated from intercepted chatter and other intelligence information that led officials to believe a possible plot could be in the works , the officials said. no arrests have been made. it 's not clear whether the threat is real or aspirational. the exact nature of the threat could n't be learned. one official said it focused on parts of california where officials stepped up security , a u.s. official said. the transportation security administration alerted local law
love the lighting in these photography shots ? they become even more awe-inspiring at the realisation that they 're paintings , and someone spent between 50 to 300 hours painstakingly creating them. patrick kramer is a 33-year-old artist hailing from springville , utah , who specialises in remarkably hyper-realistic paintings. scroll down for video. action shot : the artwork of 33-year-old patrick kramer is so realistic it 's impossible to tell apart from a photo. in this image , he has painted a falling woman with a deeply intricate background. the us artist specialises in beautifully in-depth oil painted portraits , including this intricate black and white portrait of a man called matt. the paintings ,
punters have reacted with a mixture of amusement and fury to the announcement future music festival will not return to australia in 2016. many people were genuinely upset over the cancellation - blaming the festival organisers for sending themselves broke by spending too much money on headline acts drake and avicii. but others were quick to make fun of future festival goers , blaming ` shirtless f *** wits ' for ruining the festival and joking that ` gym memberships and ecstasy dealers ' would be hardest hit. scroll down for video. music fans pose during the future music festival at sydney 's randwick racecourse in february this year. punters have reacted with a
when leaving a place of work , most people will usually avoid burning bridges. engineering an amicable exit is common protocol , even when the employee ca n't wait to get the hell out of there. but one disgruntled staff member at an anonymous firm decided to skip the pleasantries and pen an incredibly sarcastic resignation letter announcing their impending departure to bosses. a reddit user wrote an incredibly sarcastic resignation letter to their boss. a reddit user decided that it was a good idea to write a biting leaving note to their boss.it 's not known exactly where the letter is from , but the
simon calvert of the christian institute says forcing teachers to promote gay relationships would be making them choose between their faith and their job. schools should be forced to promote gay relationships in sex education lessons , union leaders say. the national union of teachers has called for a ` positive portrayal of same sex relationships ' in lessons to be made ` compulsory ' under the next government. it said mps had a duty to tackle ` homophobia , biphobia and transphobia ' in schools and create a ` positive climate of understanding about sexuality '. but critics accused the nut of ` thought control ' and said
a mysterious sinkhole spewing fire and incredible heat has appeared in a chinese hillside. geologists and media have flocked to the desolate mountain on the outskirts of urumqi , in xinjiang uyghur autonomous region in north-western china , since it appeared a few weeks ago. scroll down for video. the hole appeared recently after locals noticed the ground nearby getting warmer. the heat blasting from the ` ring of fire ' has been measured at 792c -lrb- 1457f -rrb- from two metres away , reports people 's daily online , and is so intense that experts ca n't get close enough to determine how deep the hole is. video footage of the 3ft-wide hole
james collins can rest easy. as sensational an own goal as his inadvertently precise lob over adrian was in west ham 's 2-0 defeat at manchester city , it was not the weekend 's most bizarre. not by a long way. that honour falls to mohammad shatnawi of jordanian club al faisaly , whose effort will be considered as one of the strangest own goals ever. his team were 1-0 down against al whidat in the amman derby when their opponents pushed forward , looking to double their lead. video - scroll down to see mohammad shatnawi 's amazing own goal. mohammed shatnawi bizarrely scored an own goal
he has taken millions of selfies - including during this campaign. but yesterday the prime minister used a selfie stick for the first time. it happened as david cameron toured pirate fm during a visit to cornwall to lay out conservative plans for the southwest. prime minister david cameron , pictured , used a selfie stick for the first time during visit to cornwall. the pm posed with the telescopic device to take a photograph with staff at pirate fm. selfie sticks work by fixing the camera to an adjustable clamp on a telescopic arm , allowing the users to feature in the wide angle photo they are taking. mr
arizona 's only hispanic governor , raul castro , has died at age 98. castro passed away on friday morning while in his sleep in san diego where he was in hospice care , family spokesman james garcia said. he was a self-made man , the embodiment of the american dream overcoming poverty and discrimination to graduate from college , and launch a successful career in politics and diplomacy. during his career , castro also served as an american ambassador to three countries including el salvador , bolivia and argentina. arizona governor doug ducey said castro ` lived a full life of exemplary service to arizona and its people. ' raul hector castro -lrb- above pictured in 2006 -rrb- , former governor of arizona died on friday morning.
a florida woman who fled with her 4-year-old son to keep his circumcision from going forward has filed a civil rights lawsuit on behalf of the boy. heather hironimus , who filed the complaint late monday , is hoping a federal judge might intervene where state judges have n't. the complaint is repeating her claims that surgery on her 4-year-old son is n't necessary , that the boy does n't want it , and that his constitutional rights are being violated. aside from seeking to stop the procedure , hironimus is trying to avoid her own arrest. her arrest was ordered after she fled in february and ignored
property portfolio : sol campbell and his wife fiona. the polls might have the parties neck-and-neck -- but it looks like sol campbell is taking no chances. for the second time this year , the former england footballer is selling a multi-million pound property -- leading to speculation he wants to dodge labour 's mansion tax if the party wins the election. an outspoken critic of the policy , campbell has even threatened to leave the country if the tax on properties over # 2million comes into force. earlier this year it was revealed he had taken the apparently bizarre decision to sell a # 20million
-lrb- cnn -rrb- for those wondering if we would ever hear from the bluth family again , the answer would appear to be yes. `` arrested development '' executive producer brian grazer said the show will return for a fifth season of 17 episodes. the hollywood mogul was interviewed on bill simmons ' podcast recently , and let it drop that fans can expect more of the quirky comedy. netflix had no comment for cnn when asked to verify his statements. the fourth season was streamed exclusively on netflix in 2013 , after fox canceled the show several years before. despite
a four-poster bed which was dumped in a hotel car park and sold for # 2,200 has been verified as once belonging to king henry vii -- and it could now be worth millions. the intricately-carved ornate bed was left in the car park of the former redland house hotel in hough green , chester , by builders who were renovating the property. oblivious to its true value and historical significance , the construction workers dismantled the piece of oak wood furniture and left it to be picked up by auctioneers. the four-poster oak wood bed -lrb- above -rrb- , which was dumped in the car park
tony blair yesterday faced accusations of ` megalomania ' over an interview in which he vowed to set up his own ` leaders club ' of ex-statesmen -- and appeared to dismiss the need for democracy. the ex-pm said he wanted to create a ` cadre ' of former leaders to advise governments , saying : ` you can get some of these guys who are fantastic executors. why not use their talents and their experience ? ' he added : ` why not come and help the president of this country or the prime minister of that country ? ' scroll down for video. tony
kabul , afghanistan -lrb- cnn -rrb- it is a strangely detached scene for the close of america 's longest war : military trainers bouncing between multi-million dollar , high security bases , on black hawks , miles from the front line. but it is how washington wants this to be. and even though the departure of american troops will be fractionally slower , they will all be inside the u.s. embassy by the end of next year , making these some of their last weeks outside of the wire. we are near jalalabad , at a regional logistics hub for the afghan police force -- a generous facility that was originally intended to resupply the entire east of the country
-lrb- cnn -rrb- as ash from chile 's calbuco volcano spread east into argentina , geologists warned of the potential for more activity friday. evacuations in the region involved not only people but animals as well. `` there is more seismic activity ... and we think there will be more activity today , '' helmuth huerta , a spokesman for chile 's national geological and mining service , told cnn. the volcano has already erupted twice this week , spewing ash to a depth of about 23 1/2 inches -lrb- 60 centimeters -rrb- in some places , according to the ministry of interior and public safety.
manchester city boss manuel pellegrini is braced for a ferocious derby clash at old trafford this weekend. the fading barclays premier league champions take on manchester united on sunday having unexpectedly fallen behind their arch-rivals in the table. for most of the season city , if not looking like mounting the strongest of title defences , at least seemed destined for a top-two finish. manuel pellegrini is relishing the prospect of taking on manchester united with manchester city on sunday. david silva -lrb- centre -rrb- leaves the pitch looking despondent after city 's 2-1 loss to crystal palace on monday. sergio aguero -lrb- centre -rrb- is blocked out by damien delaney -lrb- left -rrb- and james mcarthur of palace. that is now far from certain
while easter in the uk is celebrated with chocolate eggs and a roast lamb , in greece they mark the day slightly differently - and a week later. as orthodox easter sunday was held , thousands of homemade rockets were aimed at church towers in the aegean island of chios by rival parishioners in their traditional ` mock war '. dozens of brave souls even attend the late-night services inside the churches of aghios markos and panaghia erithiani while the annual battle is held -- even when the structures and surrounding homes are ringed in defensive veils of chicken wire. fortunately , severe injuries are rare in vrontados during the fiery celebrations. although small firework displays are held at churches around the country at midnight services on easter saturday - despite official disapproval from church officials - vrontados is in a league
an uber customer was hit with a huge $ 16,000 bill for her 7-mile nightmare journey across new york. jaime hessel said her driver had been on his phone , cut across lanes , and even driven down a bus lane during the 35 minute ` trip from hell ' from her east williamsburg apartment to midtown east. so she was stunned to receive a message from the cab-hailing app telling her she owed them thousands of dollars for the trip across boroughs , reported the gothamist. the infuriating story was first posted on reddit. scroll down for video. horrified : jaimie hessel says uber billed her $ 16,000 for a 35-minute ` car ride from hell ' - and says she 's
you would think it would be a little intimidating. but for this tiny chihuahua , having a best friend 120 times his size is proving a great source of comfort. the diminutive digby was abandoned on the street next to a set of bins. at just over a month old and weighing less than 1lb , he was freezing cold and perilously close to death. fortunately , he was rescued by the rspca and taken to their southridge centre in hertfordshire - where he quickly became inseparable from 9st mastiff nero. scroll down for video. new pals : tiny chihuahua digby with best friend nero , a 9st mastiff who is 120 times the size. digby was rescued by
-lrb- cnn -rrb- a mammoth fire broke out friday morning in a kentucky industrial park , sending plumes of thick smoke over the area as authorities worked to contain the damage. the blaze began shortly before 7 a.m. at the general electric appliance park in louisville , according to mike weimer from the city 's emergency management agency. he said that there were no reports of anyone injured or trapped. video showed both smoke and bright orange flames. firefighters took up positions around the affected buildings , spraying water from the periphery. weimer told cnn that authorities did n't know what had caused the fire , which had gone to at least four alarms. according
russian president vladimir putin said russia has key interests in common with the united states and needs to work with it on a common agenda. russia has key interests in. common with the united states and needs to work with it on a. common agenda , russian president vladimir putin said on saturday. in a television interview. in his comments to the state-run rossiya channel , putin. appeared to soften his anti-american rhetoric after being highly. critical. relations between moscow and washington , and other. western powers , have soured over the conflict in russia 's. neighbor ukraine , sinking to an all-time low. ` we have disagreements on several issues on the.
when melbourne mother-of-two , kady marsh , took her seven-week-old baby aside to breastfeed at a popular sydney hotel , the last thing she expected was to be told to put her breast away. it was a sunny saturday afternoon at the manly wharf hotel. kady was in town for her best friend 's wedding and was enjoying a post-party lunch with friends and family. when she moved to a quiet corner of the hotel 's lounge area with baby isla , she says she was confronted by hotel management and told she could n't breastfeed because the area was for ` over 18s only. ' ` a young
my , my. at waterloo napoleon did surrender. so go the opening lyrics to abba 's eurovision winner. but it seems the message has n't got through to the majority of us. research has revealed that three out of four people have little or no knowledge about the battle of waterloo. only just over half -lrb- 53 per cent -rrb- know the duke of wellington led the british forces , while one in seven believe that it was the french who were victorious in 1815. veeker 's rendering of the battle between wellington 's anglo-dutch army and the french : forty-seven per cent of
england must have played against worse teams than this st kitts invitational xi but , after a day that descended into near farce , it is difficult to think of any. warm-up games can be low-key affairs but there can not have been many times when an international side have been pitched against a team as bad as this. st kitts were simply shambolic , so bad that chigwell cricket club could give them a decent game , and an almost tragic example of the steep decline of caribbean cricket. they were simply not fit for purpose. jos buttler appeals for a stumping as england dominated the second day of a farcical match in st kitts. mark wood looked lively in his early spell after he was brought in for his first bowl for england. the statistics will say that
she wears the # 450 issa dress famously sported to announce the royal engagement in november 2010 while he sports a cosy jumper and a goofy grin. but this is n't the real duke and duchess of cambridge. instead , it 's their puppet likenesses - commissioned for itv 's new comedy spoof show , newzoids. and the duke and duchess are n't the only royals to get a puppet makeover. their dolls will be joined by an even more amusing version of prince harry , as well as a roster of celebrities. scroll down for video. plastic princess : the duchess of cambridge is about to make her debut in puppet form. the show , which has been likened
kathmandu , nepal -lrb- cnn -rrb- when the earthquake struck , we huddled under a concrete beam -- and prayed. in another room , my grandfather could not comprehend what was happening and , instead of seeking cover , drifted towards the window. outside , a brown dust-cloud rose from the ruins of cottages that had dotted the next hill. i was at my uncle 's place in ramkot , west kathmandu , some 12 kilometers -lrb- 7.4 miles -rrb- east from my family home. after escaping the building for the safety of open air , my first thought was for
pilots have reported 167 cases of toxic cabin fumes or smoke in only four months , official safety figures reveal. twelve of the cases resulted in the pilots requesting a priority landing , one flight was diverted and on two flights the pilots made an emergency mayday call. among the worst cases , one incident report in february noted : ` fumes in cabin. eleven of the cabin crew became unwell during flight , with symptoms of light-headedness , nausea and `` sea sickness ''. oxygen administered. aircraft returned. ' victim ? it is suspected british airways pilot richard westgate , who died in 2012
they say the couple who trains together , stays together - and that 's certainly the case for super fit ali gordon and his girlfriend , lydia millen. in fact , this gorgeous twosome , who met on instagram and live in milton keynes , could easily be contenders for the uk 's fittest couple. especially after ali , 26 , helped to teach his girlfriend - who works as a full-time blogger - how to train hard and eat clean , getting her to ditch her unhealthy habits and focus on getting fit. scroll down for video. lydia millen and ali gordon met on instagram after he liked one of her pictures , the
think you 've got a good memory ? think again. drawing a world map from scratch would already be considered a difficult feat , let alone taking on the near-impossible task of doing it from memory. yet , images have gone viral of a new yorker accomplishing exactly that , and it just so happens that it 's an 11-year-old boy. the 11-year-old boy with autism is seen drawing the intricate map of the world from scratch. a professor in new york invited her 11-year-old autistic son to one of her classes , during which he got up on a chair and
a 17-year-old connecticut girl who was forced to have chemotherapy for her cancer has finally been released from hospital after she was removed from her home almost four months ago. cassandra fortin has finished the treatment a court ruled that she must undergo at connecticut children 's medical center for hodgkin 's lymphoma , which she was diagnosed with in september. as she was discharged from the facility on monday , the teenager said she was ` happy ' to be heading back to her hartford home after spending five months undergoing chemotherapy to save her life. ` i 'm so happy to finally be on my way home , after 5 months , ' she told the associated press in a series of text messages while traveling home. ` it feels almost unreal. the feeling of
a female ceo from texas is under fire this week for saying that a woman can not be president because of her ` hormones. ' cheryl rios , who runs the company go ape marketing , posted her views on her facebook page on sunday after hillary clinton announced that she was going to run for president. ` with the hormones we have , there is no way -lsb- a woman -rsb- should be able to start a war , ' she wrote in her post. scroll down for video. women have hormones : cheyrl rios does n't think a woman can be president because she has female ` hormones ' that would get in the way of her being able to start a war. leading
a university of virginia student whose reputation was trashed by rolling stone 's discredited tale of a violent gang rape on campus has taken the magazine to task for not firing anybody after its story fell apart. alex stock , a former friend of supposed victim ` jackie ' , spoke out after he featured in the now-infamous feature a rape on campus , and was painted as a callous social climber who discouraged a rape victim from speaking out. ' i think the rolling stone absolutely should be held accountable ' , he said in a tv interview monday , and added the under-fire magazine has risked its reputation by not disciplining sabrina erdley , the
-lrb- cnn -rrb- a large storm system dubbed typhoon maysak is churning over the pacific ocean , days away from a possible direct hit on the philippines. maysak is moving west-northwest after skirting the federated states of micronesia , according to the u.s. joint typhoon warning center. its eye is projected to make landfall in the central or northern part of the philippine island of luzon on sunday , though the country 's residents could start feeling its effects days before. that could interrupt the easter celebration for many in the predominantly catholic nation , which may be socked by heavy rains and potent winds. the international red cross noted that `` many people are expected to throng coastal areas at this time. '' images of the
as manager of rangers , stuart mccall has learned to tolerate supporters booing their own players. growing up watching leeds united , he was less forgiving. ' i remember terry yorath and ray hankin coming in for stick , ' he recalled. ` as a teenager i used to get into fights because of it. ' i remember standing at the back of leeds kop , maybe i was 15 or 16 year old and yorath and hankin were getting booed. terry yorath had just taken over from billy bremner and it was boooooo ... rangers manager stuart mccall has had to get used to his players being booed by supporters. lee mcculloch , the rangers captain ,
havana , cuba -lrb- cnn -rrb- charlie hill sits in a dark bar on a blindingly sunny havana day. `` hey man , '' he says with a smoker 's rasp and a nod that indicates he knows you have been looking for him. but then a lot of people have been looking for charlie hill for a long time. for 43 years cuba has provided refuge for hill from facing charges that he killed a new mexico police officer and hijacked an airliner to havana. hill , now 65 , decided to give cnn an interview after we 'd spent two years trying to reach him. he wants to discuss how for the first time he is considering leaving his safe haven and returning to the united states. before talking more , hill finishes his plastic glass of beer and
drilling threes on the buzzer is all good as far as cleveland cavaliers superstar lebron james is concerned - the buzzing of drills at the dentist is a whole other story. the 11-time all star brushed off rough treatment from the chicago bulls as his cavs won on sunday by saying it 's the sort of thing nba stars should expect come this stage of the season. ` it 's april , ' james shrugged. but the self-titled king james ' talk was n't so tough as he paid a second visit to the dentist 's chair in a fortnight , as
-lrb- cnn -rrb- the story of anthony stokes was supposed to have a happy ending. instead it ended tuesday , police say , with the teen heart transplant recipient carjacking someone , burglarizing a home , shooting at an elderly woman , leading police on a high speed chase and then dying after his car hit a pole. in 2013 , the teen 's family told media that an atlanta hospital rejected him for heart transplant surgery due to what the hospital described in a letter as stokes ' `` history of non-compliance. '' at the time , mark bell was acting as a stokes family spokesman. bell told cnn that a doctor told the family that anthony 's low grades and time
-lrb- cnn -rrb- tobacco companies including philip morris and r.j. reynolds filed suit this week against the food and drug administration alleging that the fda is violating the companies ' free speech rights. in march , the fda issued guidance that if significant changes are made to a product 's label , like color or a logo , the product requires new approval from the administration. this holds true even if the product was previously approved. the suit , filed in u.s. district court in washington , argues that those guidelines go too far and are too vague. they violate the first amendment because they pre-emptively restrict free speech and exceed the
-lrb- cnn -rrb- have you ever found the creative inspiration you were seeking at the most unexpected time , or thought you were having that long-awaited problem-solving epiphany just as you nodded off to sleep ? according to neuroscientists john kounios and mark beeman , there 's a reason for that. their book , `` the eureka factor '' , explores the influences at work behind that much sought-after `` aha ! '' moment. research suggests that in trying to conjure up inspiration , most of us end up suppressing it. the book explains how to clear out mental junk , in order to make way for pivotal revelations. dr. kounios
a university student attacked by a serial rapist confronted him in court yesterday to say he had taken away ` every piece of joy ' in her life. jessica howard , 23 , denounced ` night stalker ' clive howard , 57 , for his string of assaults on six women over 28 years. she told him that the catastrophic impact of his attack could never be put into words and has destroyed her life. clive howard , 57 , -lrb- left -rrb- dubbed ` every woman 's living nightmare ' , was today jailed for life and one of his victim 's , jessica howard , 23 , -lrb- right -rrb- who has bravely waived her right to anonymity. waiving her right to anonymity , the student -- who is not
a busy mum sits at a table surrounded by crayons , colouring in a child 's book , taking care to stay within the printed lines and fully concentrating on the task. there 's nothing unusual about that , you might think , except there 's not a child in sight ... and the mum is simply colouring in because she wants to. grown ups reaching for the crayons is a new global trend it seems , as adults say they 're attracted to the creativity that colouring in affords. scottish illustrator johanna basford has sold more than 1.4 million copies
she may have been shying away from the cameras on made in chelsea so far this season , but lucy watson proves her career is stronger than ever as she 's unveiled as the face of another campaign. the reality tv star is every inch the beach babe as the face of very.co.uk 's #cantwaitforsummer campaign. the 24-year-old brings the spirit of summer to shoppers , showing off her effortless beach body in the fun and flirty high-summer designs. scroll down for video. lucy watson showcases her toned body as the face of very.co.uk 's #cantwaitforsummer campaign. lucy , who describes her perfect summer as ` sun , tan and chilling ' , showcases ibiza-inspired summer brights and tropical print sun dresses in the shoot. the fitness fanatic , who recently
peerless champion jockey ap mccoy described the final day of his record-breaking career as ` the hardest day ' of his life as he left sandown on saturday night and headed into retirement. and he also predicted someone will ultimately break his multitude of records. mccoy said : ` someone will break my records. all records are broken. i just hope i am dead when they do. ' mccoy , the iron-man of jump racing , shed tears as he paraded in front of the grandstand after finishing third on box office in the bet365 handicap hurdle , his last-ever ride. ap mccoy was
some 35,000 gathered on the white house south lawn monday morning for the 137th annual easter egg roll festivities. pop band fifth harmony and duo mkto brought music to the event , and mrs obama joined the so you think you can dance all stars on stage taking the spotlight during a choreographed routine. this comes only days after she sported her mom dance moves on the tonight show starring jimmy fallon during a segment called the evolution of mom dancing part 2. on monday , another highlight of the day 's festivities was mr obama 's annual reading of his favorite childhood book where
if there is one thing the made in chelsea cast are known for it 's their love of shopping. in fact , barely an episode goes by where they 're not filmed swanning around the boutiques that line the fashionable kings road. now one of the stars of the show , binky felstead , 24 , has opened up her closet to give wannabe sloane rangers a helping hand in achieving the polished , put-together look she is famed for. scroll down for video. binky said that faux fur is one of her top tips for achieving chelsea street style. binky has been
goodness knows how many times at white hart lane i 've felt like falling to my knees at the back of the west stand and banging my head on the floor. i 've lost count. a lifetime of following spurs can have that effect on you , especially in recent years. last saturday 's inept capitulation to aston villa was the most recent occasion : a soft goal down after 45 minutes and an expensively assembled team which looked as if it had been recruited from the local jobcentre half an hour before the kick-off. stephen dodd took this photograph of asif bodi and abubakar bhula praying at anfield
ahead of another weekend in the barclays premier league , sportsmail brings you the latest squad news , odds and stats on every top flight fixture as it breaks. simply click on your team in the fixture list below to find out who is ruled out and who is making a return as well as all the key statistics surrounding your club 's fixture. in or out ? keep up-to-date with all the latest team news and stats ahead of the premier league weekend. saturday. swansea city vs everton -lrb- 12.45 pm -rrb-. southampton vs hull city -lrb- 3pm -rrb-. sunderland vs crystal palace -lrb- 3pm
-lrb- cnn -rrb- if i had to describe the u.s.-iranian relationship in one word it would be `` overmatched. '' we 're playing checkers on the middle east game board and tehran 's playing three-dimensional chess. iran has no problem reconciling its bad and contradictory behavior while we twist ourselves into knots over our tough choices , all the while convincing ourselves that america 's policy on the nuclear issue is on the right track. iran is n't 10 feet tall in this region , but by making the nuclear issue the be-all and end-all that is supposed to reduce iran 's power , the united states is only making tehran taller. consider the following :. the u.s.-iranian relationship is not symmetrical. it 's not as if we both are doing terrible things and are looking for a fair and equitable compromise to stop our respective bad behaviors.
going down on one knee is always a nerve-wracking experience but popping the question in public comes with an extra helping of risk. and for one man , it was a risk that most certainly did n't pay off after he was very publicly turned down by his girlfriend during an appearance on the jeremy kyle show. the couple , known only as jamie and dawn , were appearing on an episode entitled : ` my fiancé is a womaniser but is he a cheat ? ' scroll down for video. the big moment : jeremy kyle show guest jamie goes down on one knee in front of girlfriend dawn. having refused
point of view footage captured the terrifying moment a skier became caught up in an avalanche. skiing with a friend in revelstoke , canada , zach birnie stands at the top of a mountain and films the surrounding scenery with a camera mounted to his helmet. after exhaling air , he begins to make his descent of the off-piste section of slope in a rather slow and cautious manner. skiing off to the right , the man makes a controlled turn and begins heading back across the mountain -- thick snow can be seen burying his skis. suddenly he begins panic and while not entirely visible to the camera , a minor avalanche occurs behind
women with advanced cervical cancer -- the most common cancer afflicting young women -- are to get the first officially approved new treatment for a decade. trials show avastin , which is used in several other cancers , gives women around four months ' extra life. the drug plus chemotherapy has now been licensed by european regulators. patients will have access via the cancer drugs fund -lrb- cdf -rrb- until it is considered for routine nhs use. it has been available in england via the cdf since last march pending licensing. scroll down for video. drug : trials show avastin , which is
-lrb- cnn -rrb- we belong to different generations and political parties. we live in different states and under different circumstances. one of us is a college student , born into a political family , while the other is a former congressman from south carolina and father of five children. one of us served on the selection committee for the john f. kennedy profile in courage award. the other will receive this award in recognition of the stand he took when he broke with his party and sacrificed his political career to support responsible action to combat climate change. we share an unwavering belief that the
the husband of a woman who bravely battled cancer only to die of a deadly bug after being left in a filthy hospital room has spoken of his heartbreak. retired chief executive rené dee watched as his wife eileen , 68 , slipped away just days after catching the infection and before the couple 's son had a chance to say goodbye. the 69-year-old said : ` it was such a shock , one minute everyone was telling her how well she was doing and the next moment i am watching her struggling to breathe. it happened so quickly. ' rené dee
a mother has revealed her addiction to alcohol has cost the nhs more than # 100,000. julie merner 's heavy drinking has resulted in her being admitted to hospital 13 times in the last six years. in january , following her latest admission , the 39-year-old vowed to quit the habit , which has ravaged her liver , causing her to suffer severe cirrhosis. ' i know if i carry on , i will end up dead - they say one more drop will kill me , ' said the mother-of-three , who has been left with ` luminous ' jaundiced skin. not
-lrb- cnn -rrb- where do you go from here ? the fourth season of `` game of thrones '' saw massive battles , major deaths -lrb- tywin ! -rrb- and white walkers , but what can fans expect sunday as we head into a fifth season of one of the most popular shows in hbo history ? it 's the most high-profile premiere yet , airing simultaneously in 170 countries for the first time. -lrb- hbo is a time warner company , like cnn. -rrb-. we sought out `` thrones '' aficionado doug gross , a writer for nerdwallet and a former cnn employee , who had a few thoughts on the matter
-lrb- cnn -rrb- the parents of the youngest victim of the boston marathon bombings are making an emotional , passionate plea to take the death penalty off the table for the man convicted in the case. last week , dzhokhar tsarnaev was found guilty on all 30 charges he faced related to the bombings at the 2013 race and the dramatic violence that dragged out for days afterward. a look at all of the charges. the sentencing phase begins tuesday , a day after this year 's edition of the landmark race. it is expected to last four weeks. the 13th juror : now it gets real. in a front-page opinion piece in the boston globe , bill and denise richard wrote about the
he earns millions playing for a barcelona team regarded as one of the greatest in history and spends his time-off relaxing at the beach with his beautiful wife , is ivan rakitic living the dream of every sports fan ? spanish beauty raquel mauri , whom the croatia international married in 2013 , posted an insight into the pair 's enviable lifestyle featuring a selfie of the two of them taking in some sun , surf and sand. the former hair stylist accompanied the instagram picture with the caption : ` relaxing day with the family , ' alongside a series of beach-themed emoticons. life looks good for ivan
former toronto mayor rob ford has announced that he will undergo ` very serious ' surgery to remove a cancerous tumor in his abdomen. in an emotional press conference on thursday , the 45-year-old politician said he met with doctors who told him chemotherapy and radiation have shrunk the tumor to a size where they can operate. four surgeons will carry out the eight - to ten-hour operation on may 11 , and he will remain in hospital for 10 to 14 days , he said. he hopes to return to work in september. ` i 'm just lucky to be alive today and i 'm just lucky that i 'm getting another chance at life , ' he said. scroll down
-lrb- cnn -rrb- the question : how can i know if my food is safe to eat after a specific product recall ? the answer : many of us shed a few tears over the recent sabra hummus recall -lrb- even though we are perfectly capable of making our own at home -rrb- , but that sadness quickly transformed into anxiety when we looked inside our refrigerators and saw the potentially tainted culprit sitting there on the shelf. to assuage any fears , we asked john swartzberg , m.d. , a clinical professor at the university of california at berkeley , to walk us through the process of determining if our favorite dip was still safe to eat. related : amy 's kitchen recalls more than 70,000 cases
british no 2 aljaz bedene was unable to sustain his strong run since switching allegiance from slovenia , crashing out of the grand prix hassan ii in casablanca in the last eight. the world no 99 had breezed past fellow-qualifier arthur de greef of belgium in a 70-minute , straight-sets victory to set up his quarter-final clash - but was unable to dislodge czech young gun jiri vesely on friday. vesely saw off bedene 6-1 6-4 to reach the final four and tee up a clash with spanish veteran daniel gimeno-traver. aljaz bedene , who has switched from slovenia to great britain , lost in casablanca -lrb- not pictured -rrb-. the 21-year-old rising czech star put
a bomb technician has used his expertise to create an easter egg hunt for blind children - using beeping eggs. david hyche , now a special agent at the bureau of alcohol , tobacco and firearms -lrb- atf -rrb- , developed the technology nine years ago when his four-month-old daughter turned blind. a transmitter is placed inside plastic eggs that let off a high-pitched beeping sound. now hyche has passed on the idea to the alabama institute for deaf and blind in birmingham. festive invention : blind children in birmingham , alabama , have celebrated easter early by hunting for plastic eggs that let of a beeping sound. they trade the
it took a team of firefighters , police and engineers , but a house on sydney 's northern beaches tragically damaged in the this week 's destructive storm in nsw has finally been demolished. the narrabeen property began sliding down the hill it was built on after it was battered by the wild weather on tuesday , endangering neighbouring houses and forcing locals to evacuate. ' i was thinking , god how is this thing not falling ? ' fire and rescue superintendent kel mcnamara told the brisbane times. a house in narrabeen has been demolished after it was damaged during this week 's storm in sydney. a tree stump on the hill prevented the
awash with a sea of colour , sounds and smells , a stunning water carnival has exploded into life in china. the annual water temple fair in jiangnan , china , sees thousands gather on boats to pray for good fortune for the upcoming year. locals dress up in traditional costumes , while boat races , drumming and dragon dances bring a carnival atmosphere to the town of jia xing. riot of colour : the water temple fair in jiangnan , china , sees thousands gather on boats to pray for good fortune for the upcoming year. superstition : people travel from nearby towns to join the
the stylist behind singer rita ora 's unique , over-the-top hairstyles has revealed how much work the chart-topper has to put into ensuring her blonde locks remain totally healthy. chris appleton , who has been working with natural brunette rita , 24 , for the past two years , confessed to daily mail online that her demanding haircare routine does require a hefty amount of work and ` maintenance '. ` we have to color the hair every three weeks , ' he explained. ` we 've managed to get the timing perfect so that she 's not coloring it all the time. if you keep bleaching it , you push it too far and it can look awful , which
porto have nothing to prove coming into their quarter-final first leg against bayern munich as the only undefeated side in the champions league. however julen lopetegui has warned his side has plenty of room to improve saying the team ` has n't stopped growing '. when lopetegui comes up against his former barcelona team-mate pep guardiola , who the former goalkeeper labels ' a winner ' , at dragao on wednesday night , it will be a clash of the two most prolific scoring sides of the tournament so far. ` we come into this tie being able to enjoy what we have accomplished and
america celebrated the coming of age of a new sporting hero on sunday when jordan spieth , 21 , showed true grace under pressure to win the masters. as people clamor to find out about this humble champ from texas , a letter penned six years ago when he was still in high school has surfaced which only reinforces his nice guy image. as a junior at jesuit high school in dallas , the grateful golfer wrote the letter to the murphy family who had funded the scholarship that helped pay for his tuition. scroll down for video. a letter of thanks penned by masters champion jordan spieth six years ago when he was on a scholarship at jesuit high school in dallas , left , has surfaced which only reinforces his nice guy
garissa , kenya -lrb- cnn -rrb- the kenyan government says mohamed mohamud , also known by aliases dulyadin and gamadhere , is the mastermind of thursday 's kenya university terror attack , according to a tweet from the country 's interior ministry. al-shabaab , an al qaeda-linked militant group based in somalia , took responsibility for the attack , according to the u.s. embassy in nairobi. mohamud is `` credited with having an extensive terrorist network within kenya , '' according to a ministry document given to cnn. earlier , the ministry posted a `` most wanted '' notice for mohamud. it offers
arsenal supremo dick law has flown to argentina in an attempt to rubber-stamp the capture of maxi romero. the club 's chief negotiator has jetted to south america to finalise a deal for the 16-year-old forward - who has been compared to lionel messi. the gunners are in advanced talks with velez sarsfield over a # 4.5 million swoop for the teenage sensation. arsenal are close to signing 16-year-old maxi romero from velez sarsfield for # 4.5 million. but the deal has been held up by red-tape over the make-up of romero 's ownership rights - and law has travelled to argentina to resolve the issues. romero 's agents and his club velez both own stakes in the player ,
our almost constant use of mobile phones and the decline of working class jobs are contributing to the erosion of the age-old whistle according to new research. once heard constantly on the streets , in songs , on the stage and in the workplace it has nearly disappeared. whistling aficionados are in agreement , no one is whistling while they work -- or anywhere else for that matter. all children used to be told to whistle while they work by the classic disney animation snow white. however the rise of the mobile phone and music on the ipod means young people are less likely to whistle now. cultural historian at syracuse university
` plus-size ' model laura wells has revealed the extreme dieting measures taken by her model roommates to prepare for fashion week. the size 14 beauty lived with a group of standard ` skinnier ' models during her stint working in new york , and says that their agents instructed them to stick to a diet of ` one cracker and a couple of glasses of water '. ` it goes to the extremes , ' wells told the australian women 's weekly. ` no food being eaten , prescription dietary pills , agents telling girls that they 're only allowed to have
inter milan are set to turn to lucas leiva and alex song if their pursuit of manchester city pair stevan jovetic and yaya toure fails. roberto mancini has liverpool midfielder leiva and barcelona 's song , currently on loan at west ham , on his list of alternatives if jovetic and toure prove too costly. inter sporting director piero ausilio told sky italia : ` dreams are beautiful , i 'm trying to prepare something and i hope my dreams come true. lucas leiva -lrb- left -rrb- is believed to be a target for inter milan and could leave liverpool in the summer. alex song has impressed during
it was n't a great shot stealing the limelight at the lpga golf tournament in hawaii this week but a stray spectator on the course. an unidentified man was caught on the nbc sports channel wandering across the green at the ko olina resort in oahu and plunging into a pond. announcers could n't help but chuckle at the course-crasher 's escapades as he went into the water to retrieve a hat that had blown off in the wind and proceeded to lose his beer at the same time. the drinks can was seen popping out of his pocket and floating away. ` this fella obviously paid a lot of money for this hat because he 's
gemma redhead was left terrified after her former partner telephoned her after he was released from prison , following a conviction for raping her. brutally raped at knifepoint and left fearing for her life , gemma redhead believed her ordeal was over after her attacker was jailed. but as she attempted to rebuild her life , the young mother had a sickening reminder of the attack -- from the man who carried it out. after he was released from prison , having served only half his sentence , he defied a restraining order to phone her. miss redhead said the 46-second call ` reawakened all of the fear and terror of the attack ' , leaving her unable to sleep or eat. ` as soon as
she 's a household name and has graced australian tv screens throughout the early seventies and eighties , but it 's her appearance as a bubbly , upbeat housewife on the ajax spray 'n' wipe advertisements that is perhaps paula duncan 's most famous role. however , despite the glossy , upbeat image portrayed on our screens , duncan , now 62 , has revealed she attempted to commit suicide at age 43 , and that her teenage daughter jessica orcsik was the one who found her. ' i woke up and there was an ambulance and jess was waiting for me at home , ' duncan told studio 10 in a sobering interview. scroll down for video. revelation : actress paula
football association chairman greg dyke has been handed the backing of five former england managers as he bids to push through radical changes. dyke wants to increase the minimum number of home-grown players in club squads from eight to 12 , however he is facing opposition from the premier league. the proposals also include changing the rules so that ` home-grown ' means having trained in england for three years before the age of 18 rather than before 21. fa chairman greg dyke -lrb- left -rrb- , speaking with premier league chief richard scudamore , wants to increase the number of homegrown players at
it 's that time of year again - the in between seasons moment when you look in your wardrobe and genuinely believe there is nothing suitable for the weather outside. in the springtime , the shops are full of new season clothes that are just waiting for a sunny day but still unsuitable for the ever-changing british weather. cotton dresses , cut-off mini skirts and denim hot pants all need to wait until at least june for an appearance. scroll down for video. lily melrose is a fashion blogger who has 137,000 followers on instagram. so what to do if you want to embrace summer style now , but keep away from the shops for another couple of months ? fortunately
with just a bird , a gas lamp and a net , each morning , fisherman in china keep a special , thousand year old tradition alive. sailing peacefully across a river , the men fish without the aid of a rod with this unusual method , which was first practiced in 960 ad. the men , pictured in southern china , release a cormorant bird , which then dives into the water and retrieves a carp , returning it to the fisherman 's reed raft. with just a bird , a gas lamp and a net , each morning , fishermen in china keep a special , thousand year old tradition alive. the stunning images were captured on the river
-lrb- cnn -rrb- this week , social media heralded as #motheroftheyear toya graham , the baltimore single mom who pulled her son , who was holding a brick , away from the scene of a riot. a video of graham yanking young michael from a group of protesters -- and subsequently pummeling him with her fists and a few slaps upside the head -- went viral. many called her a hero : a mother determined to stop the cycle of violence. and yet , was n't she also promoting violence ? her own reaction , after all , was to yell , curse and hit. `` why is america celebrating the beating
jeremy clarkson has finally spoken out about his high-profile sacking from top gear , admitting he will ` miss ' fronting the bbc2 show. clarkson , 54 , who was fired in march after attacking a producer during filming , has not publicly addressed his dismissal , apart from to say that ` everyone 's upset '. but the presenter today gave his ` heartfelt thanks ' to those who sent their support in the aftermath of his sacking , saying he would ` miss being there '. it came as ms rippon , 70 , who first presented the show 38 years ago , said she would be keen to return to the motoring show if she were invited back. scroll down for video. jeremy clarkson -lrb-
the small college town of missoula , montana , best known for its university and its inhabitants ' fierce love of football , has been branded in the media america 's rape capital , and now bestselling author jon krakauer has made it the subject of his new book documenting the explosive allegations. missoula : rape and the justice system in a college town , a doubleday publication that was released tuesday , immediately sparked a fierce debate in montana and beyond. krakauer , the author of the critically acclaimed book into the wild , sat down for an interview with abc 's nightline , which aired wednesday night , to discuss his latest project exploring the sensitive subject
former teacher mary kay letourneau and her student-turned husband , vili fualaau , have revealed how their relationship became sexual when he was just 12 years old. on the eve of their 10th wedding anniversary , letourneau , 53 , and vili fualaau , 31 , spoke about the rape trial and their marriage in an interview with barbara walters for ' 20/20 ' , which will air tonight. the couple , who have two teenage daughters , met when fualaau was in her second grade class in seattle. she then taught him again in sixth grade in 1996. speaking to walters , letourneau said they began to spend more time together as she helped him develop his drawing skills that school
these shocking photographs show the bed where a severely disabled boy was left to sleep for seven nights in hospital. they show two mattresses squeezed together on the cramped hospital floor , with wires from an oxygen tank and tubes dangling across the room. cody neatis , from preston , was admitted to royal preston hospital last thursday with a chest infection. but rather than a bed in the children 's ward , has had to sleep on a mattress on the floor since arriving. the eight-year-old - who has down 's syndrome , epilepsy , autism and is fed by a tube -
investigators are trying to determine why a man shot his wife and two young sons before killing himself at the family 's home in a quiet oklahoma suburb this week. sudheer khamitkar , 42 , shot his 38-year-old wife , smita haval khamitkar , and their sons arnav khamitkar , 10 and arush khamitkar , 6 , in separate rooms at their tulsa home , police said. the bodies were found on wednesday as officers conducted a welfare check requested by the mother 's employer after she failed to show up for work or call in sick for two days. ` right now we still do n't know the motive behind the murder-suicide , ' said sergeant shane tuell. gunned down : smita haval khamitkar , pictured with one of her sons , was shot by her
-lrb- cnn -rrb- when singer avril lavigne went missing from the music scene , there was tons of speculation. was she pregnant ? in rehab ? going through a split from her husband , nickelback front man chad kroeger ? focus on the mystery intensified in december after a fan twitter account posted a direct message from lavigne when she solicited prayers , saying she was `` having some health issues. '' now the canadian singer has revealed to people magazine that she was bedridden for five months after contracting lyme disease. `` i felt like i could n't breathe , i could
if dartmouth college students have the same inflated influence on presidential politics that they 've traditionally enjoyed , hillary clinton has some long days ahead in new hampshire. of a randomly selected group of 50 students who said they followed presidential politics enough to comment , just nine told daily mail online that the former secretary of state would make a good u.s. chief executive. hillary 's detractors were far more passionate than her fans -- a potential problem since she needs a repeat of her grassroots-driven upset 2008 victory here in order to solidify her status as the democrats ' standard-bearer. stacey benton , a government major from florida who leans republican , said a president hillary clinton is ` just going to continue a lot of things obama has been
from the moment i set foot on my terrace overlooking the scenic douro river to the divine meal i ate at its michelin-starred restaurant , the yeatman played a wonderful trick on me. the five-star hotel in porto celebrates all things wine - port wine , in particular - and has the feel of a place steeped in decades-old tradition , with a prime location , classic design and unblemished attention to detail. but , to my surprise , the yeatman has been open for just five years - a fraction of the age of some of the pricier bottles in
david cameron has revealed that he and his wife samantha were ` falling apart ' with the pressure of trying to care for their son ivan after he was born disabled. in an intensely personal interview , he revealed : ` we were n't falling out with each other , but we were falling apart just coping with the nights and everything. ' his comments were echoed by his wife who , in a separate interview , said the stresses of looking after ivan pushed their relationship close to ` breaking point '. scroll down for video. david cameron has revealed that he and his wife samantha -lrb- pictured together
bulgarians love their traditional music. they have a tv channel devoted to it , and one show -- a sort of bulgaria 's got talent for folk acts -- features people of all ages swaying in stately unison. indeed , they are so proud of the music that when asked to include something in the capsule aboard the voyager 2 space probe , they sent tracks from the album le mystere des voix bulgares , in the hope that aliens would like it too. colourful outfits ! villagers dressed in the traditional bulgarian costume. i love this kind of folklore as long as it really is part of the local culture and not just put on for tourists. in bulgaria it is genuine : practically every village in
a marathon runner stopped one and a half miles before reaching the finishing line - to propose to his girlfriend. romantic ben parsons , 34 , of brighton , east sussex , stunned girlfriend anna jefferson , 36 , by getting down on one knee after running 24 and a half miles. she was watching her boyfriend run in the brighton marathon with their children nancy , three , and thomas , 11 months. ben parson , 34 , paused in the middle of the brighton marathon and proposed to his surprised girlfriend , anna jefferson , 36. anna feared her boyfriend was struggling when he started to slow down on hove seafront , because she was unaware of his proposal plan. ben then got down on one knee
many animals mimic human traits and vice versa but this puppy takes the biscuit. leia , an eight-month-old boxer from pennsylvania , was filmed as she lay on the couch and latched on to a baby 's pacifier. footage shows her then sucking on it before closing her eyes and loudly snoring in her sleep. a soothing rendition of twinkle , twinkle little star is heard playing away in the background. the pup 's owner , dave mck , says that apparently leia loves to suck on her pacifier. each time around , she immediately falls to sleep. to date the video of leia has garnered more than 145,000 likes on facebook , with many viewers deeming
this is a beauty trend we do n't see catching on. celebrated australian designer akira isogawa sent models down the runway with faces covered in sequins at his show on wednesday morning at mercedes-benz fashion week australia. while some models were embellished with just sequinned brows , others sported an entire mask of face bling. the new beauty trend ? models at the akira show at mercedes-benz fashion week in sydney on wednesday sported a full face of sequins. the plastics : on wednesday 's akira models wear pink -lrb- and also plastic head pieces -rrb-. 50 shades of pink : isogawa presented a collection full of bright pinks and reds. teams of make-up artists were pictured backstage working together
-lrb- cnn -rrb- the world learned his name after he was killed by a south carolina police officer. but in his life , 50-year-old walter scott was also the father of four children and served in the coast guard before being honorably discharged. `` he was outgoing -- loved everybody , -lrb- was -rrb- very known in the community and got along with everybody , '' his brother anthony scott told cnn 's don lemon. `` all the family loves him , and his kids loved him. '' until it all came crashing down saturday morning , when north charleston police officer
-lrb- cnn -rrb- the arrest and death of freddie gray in baltimore has stoked protests and accusations of police brutality. but it 's unclear how gray , arrested on a weapons charge april 12 , suffered a severe spinal cord injury that led to his death seven days later. here are the big questions surrounding this explosive case :. gray 's arrest. what we know : gray was arrested on a weapons charge in a high-crime area of baltimore known for drugs. he `` gave up without the use of force , '' according to baltimore deputy police commissioner jerry rodriguez. an officer apparently took his taser out , and was prepared to use it on gray , but he never deployed it , rodriguez said , and none of
a radical change in the law to protect a generation of children from the tide of internet sleaze will be introduced if the conservatives win the election. culture and media secretary sajid javid is setting out plans to shield youngsters from easy access to hardcore online pornography amid fears that it is corroding childhood. he promised legislation to force distributors to put effective age verification technology in place that would apply to those based in the uk as well as abroad. scroll down for video. easy access : the rising tide of online pornography is corroding children - but the tories have now pledged to a radical change in the law to protect a generation of children from the tide
the inventor called it the baird televisor and , although most people scoffed , he believed it had potential. and , notwithstanding a few improvements to the original down the years , it seems scotsman john logie baird was on to something. now one of the earliest ` televisors ' -- dating from a time when few could see any possible use for the machine -- is expected to fetch up to # 22,000 at auction. early model : the picture appeared in the opening on the right - the tv is now being sold at an auction. it was manufactured in 1928 - two years after logie baird -lrb- pictured -rrb- first demonstrated a
it is a cold , spring night in the heart of liverpool at a football ground bordering huyton , where steven gerrard grew up , so paul scholes is in unfamiliar territory. but he is reluctant to leave. most of the rest of his party have gone but he lingers as the final minutes are played out , with the score 0-0. it has been a frustrating night for salford city , the club scholes co-owns with former manchester united team-mates ryan giggs , gary neville , phil neville and nicky butt. a draw here at prescot cables means automatic promotion will become only
a 78-year-old connecticut man with a long criminal history was arrested on friday , but the man 's lawyer claimed the arrest was a ruse intended to pressure him to talk about the biggest art heist in u.s. history. robert gentile appeared in federal court in hartford ,. connecticut , on friday and was charged with selling a firearm to. an undercover agent. his attorney , ryan mcguigan , contended federal bureau of. investigation agents really want to see what gentile knows about the. theft of $ 500million in artwork from boston 's isabel stewart. gardner museum 25 years ago. scroll down for video. robert gentile 's attorney ryan mcguigan -lrb- pictured -rrb- , said that though
a little girl gave michelle obama a compliment on wednesday that nearly every aging woman wants to hear. during a question and answer session at the white house for their annual take our daughter 's and son 's to work day a little girl named anya brodie asked michelle obama her age. ` i 'm 51 , ' replied michelle obama. say that again ! : a little girl named anya brodie asked michelle obama her age and when obama told her she was 51-years-old the little girl just could n't believe it. give me a hug : michelle obama was so flattered by anya brodie 's compliment that she asked her up on
terrorist group isis has released photographs of its militants destroying christian graves with sledgehammers and carving out crosses in the iraqi city of mosul. it 's the latest shocking act by the islamists who are waging a campaign of terror against other religions that has involved mass beheadings and raping. the images were posted on social media , including the shomoukh al-islam jihadi forum , under the title leveling graves and erasing pagan symbols. terrorist group isis has released photographs of its militants destroying christian graves with sledgehammers and carving out crosses in the iraqi city of mosul. it 's the latest shocking act by the islamists who are waging a campaign of terror against
-lrb- cnn -rrb- anthony ray hinton is 58 years old. but in many ways , he is new to the world -- at least the one we know. little things like using a fork , going out at night , tucking into bed without anyone checking on you ; they 're all strange for someone like hinton who spent nearly 30 years on alabama 's death row. until one week ago , when his murder convictions were wiped clean , and hinton walked out of a county jail in birmingham. `` i have to pinch myself to tell myself that i 'm free , '' he told cnn 's
-lrb- cnn -rrb- island-hoppers take note : providenciales in the turks and caicos is tripadvisor 's latest pick for the world 's top island. providenciales climbed a rung from last year 's no. 2 ranking among the travel review site 's travelers ' choice award winners to bump ambergris caye out of the top spot. it was quite a tumble for the belize island. ambergris caye held the top ranking on the tripadvisor global islands list for two years in a row before dropping out of the top 10 completely this year. why the disappearance ? `` it 's hard to say , as winners change from year to year based on feedback from travelers , '' said tripadvisor spokeswoman julie cassetina. `` similar to last year and 2013 , winning islands were
this little piggy has become an internet sensation after learning how to walk on just two feet. the piglet was born with its back legs missing and has mastered the art of balancing on its front trotters. the heartwarming clip featured on the people 's daily online shows the young animal taking unsteady steps , wobbling about with its snout to the ground , foraging for food. heartwarming : the two-legged pig has become an internet sensation because of a cute video showing it learning to walk. there are several occasions it looked close to tipping over but remarkably the piglet always manages to
boston -lrb- cnn -rrb- when the bomb went off , steve woolfenden thought he was still standing. that was because , as he lay on the ground , he was still holding the handles of his son 's stroller. he pulled back the stroller 's cover and saw that his son , leo , 3 , was conscious but bleeding from the left side of his head. woolfenden checked leo for other injuries and thought , `` let 's get out of here. '' that was before he noticed his achilles tendon , which resembled transparent tape covered in blood , and his left tibia protruding from his boot. the boot was next to his left stump , he testified before
google has been steadily revealing some of the biggest questions its users have typed into the search engine about 2016 presidential candidates. many of the questions focused on candidates ' ages and heights , according to the website. google politics tweeted about former first lady and secretary of state hillary clinton 's announcement that she is seeking the presidency. ` it 's official. @hillaryclinton is running. here are the q 's people are asking @google about clinton in the past hour : ' search : one of the biggest questions about hillary clinton was about how old she is. democratic presidential candidate hillary rodham clinton poses for a photo with simpson college student mackenzie
-lrb- cnn -rrb- `` a long , long , time ago ... '' those five words , when uttered or sung , makes baby boomers immediately think of don mclean 's pop masterpiece `` american pie. '' it 's hard to believe that his phenomenal 8 1/2 minute allegory , which millions of americans know by heart , is 44 years old. all sorts of historical cross-currents play off each other in this timeless song , brilliantly gilded with the unforgettable chorus , which starts as `` bye , bye , miss american pie. '' there is no real way to categorize mclean 's `` american pie '' for its hybrid of modern poetry and folk ballad , beer-hall chant
nigel farage has dismissed criticism of the lack of diversity in ukip 's manifesto by claiming there was a ` half black ' party spokesman featured prominently - and ` one fully black person '. the ukip leader made the remarks after being asked at his manifesto launch last week to justify the scarcity of black and asian faces in the ukip manifesto. it includes several photographs of the party 's top team although it was suggested the only black face in the document appeared on a page about overseas aid. scroll down for video. nigel farage has dismissed criticism of the lack of diversity in ukip 's manifesto by claiming there was a ` half black ' party spokesman
a woman allegedly beat her boyfriend with a bat at their first face-to-face meeting following two years of online dating. haley fox , 24 , of turner , oregon , fractured 26-year-old samuel campbell 's skull with a baseball bat at her home last wednesday. she has been charged with first-degree assault. fox and campbell , of adger , alabama , had been in a relationship for around two years after meeting online. haley fox , 24 , of oregon , -lrb- left -rrb- allegedly fractured the skull of her 26-year-old online boyfriend samuel campbell -lrb- right -rrb- skull with a baseball bat because she did n't want to date him anymore. earlier this month ,
it may have been the first time in 41 years that a jockey had won back-to-back grand nationals -- but the most emotional man at aintree yesterday seemed to be mike tindall , whose horse monbeg dude was a fast-finishing third. the former england rugby star and husband of zara phillips , bought the horse for # 12,000 at auction after a boozy dinner and was overcome by the 40-1 outsider 's performance. after a whopping # 105,500 payday he tweeted ` holy s *** , i 'm lost for words and emotions. all i can say is yes the dude !!!!! ' scroll down for video. pay day
-lrb- cnn -rrb- the baltimore mother who slapped her son several times and pulled him out of a protest told cnn on wednesday she was n't concerned that she might be embarrassing her son. `` not at all , '' toya graham told cnn 's `` anderson cooper 360 ˚ '' in an interview that aired wednesday night. `` he was embarrassing himself by wearing that mask and that hoodie and doing what he was doing. '' the video of graham yanking her son , michael singleton , and slapping him with a right hand as cnn affiliate wmar recorded has led to the internet calling graham #motheroftheyear. many people have praised the unemployed , single
watching george osborne enjoy scampi and chips with a glass of cider and a chat with the locals in a somerset pub garden , it is hard to believe that only three years ago he was virtually scared to leave the safety of his treasury office. he felt besieged and intimidated. there was little evidence his hardline ` austerity britain ' policies were working. his nervy demeanour and pallid complexion reflected the sickly economy. in the eyes of critics he was a hate figure -- and it was getting to him. ` it 's fair to say that by 2012 it was tough economically , and i got myself into a position where i was hunkered
things are going well in the courtroom - and the bedroom - for tv superstar judge judy , according to her husband of 38 years jerry sheindlin. the crusty judge , who 's emmy-winning show was recently renewed , and her husband were in a playful mood as they celebrated her award for her work on the bench at the annual women of the 21st century awards luncheon by the women 's guild cedars-sinai at the beverly wilshire hotel. judy revealed that while she has a raft of hon o rs scattered about her home , she does n't keep any of the in the bedroom. scroll down for
a nondescript tobacco shop in a tokyo neighbourhood has become an unlikely tourist attraction thanks to a four-legged shopkeeper who has become an online sensation. with millions of video views on the internet shiba the dog uses his nose and paw to open a sliding glass window and greet customers or curious visitors who have travelled to the shimada cigarette shop from afar. he may be the most adorable salesman ever , but is often found napping on the job or snacking on a cucumber in a glass display case under the counter. shiba the dog uses his nose and his paw to open a sliding glass window at a shop on the outskirts of tokyo. visitors have travelled from afar to give the dog a snack , pat
laura robson put her injury frustrations to one side over the weekend by heading to tortuga , a country music festival in florida. the 21-year-old shared a photo on instagram of her soaking up the sun with two friends and captioned the image ` country music is the best music #tortuga. ' in recent weeks , robson has been stepping up her attempts at getting back on the tennis court after a lengthy absence. laura robson -lrb- centre -rrb- shared a picture on instagram of her at tortuga festival with two friends. robson 's last appearance came in the 2014 australian open first round where she
with seven gold medals , two olympic games , an obe and a stint in the i 'm a celebrity ! get me out of here jungle under her belt , there 's not much that phases former olympic swimming champion rebecca adlington. but at eight months pregnant with her first child , the 26-year-old has revealed being an expectant mum has been one of her toughest roles of her life so far. in an interview in the sunday mirror the gold medal winning athlete says the extra pounds she gained in the early stages of her pregnancy were hard to deal
as a young girl , chelsea clinton learned to keep secrets. but she also learned to call the secret service ` pigs. ' that 's a claim from former white house florist ronn payne , retold in a new book based on interviews with more than 100 members of the presidential mansion 's domestic staff. as he walked into the second-floor kitchen one day , he saw chelsea talking on the phone. a member of her secret service protective detail came in behind him to take the clintons ' only child to school. ` oh , i 've got to go. the pigs are here , ' she told her phone pal , according to payne -- using a 1960s-era epithet for law
a 17-year-old boy who was killed after breaking out into gangnam style dancing in his local corner shop had aspirations of going on britain 's got talent , his heartbroken mother has revealed. speaking for the first time since jordan brennan 's killer was jailed for eight months for manslaughter , kim reveals how her son was a ` cheeky chappy ' and ` lots of fun ' , and would ` dance and sing all the time. he was a real show off '. however , the 43-year-old mother-of-five , from gorton , manchester , has slammed what she calls the lenient sentence , saying :
authorities say a second boy has died after his family 's car plunged into los angeles harbor , killing his 13-year-old brother. the family had left a waterfront restaurant thursday night when their sedan ran off the road alongside a working dock at the port of los angeles , landing upside down in about 30 feet of water. the boy 's parents swam to the surface , but the children were stuck in vehicle. they were n't breathing when rescuers brought them up. the teen died at the hospital several hours later. coroner investigator joseph cronin tells city news service that the eight-year-old boy died friday afternoon. scroll down for video. pulled from the water : a car plunged off a road into los angeles harbor
-lrb- cnn -rrb- one war was enough for gregory margolin. now 87 years old , he was a 16-year-old jewish recruit when he fought in the soviet red army. as he fought the nazis in world war ii , his family fled. `` i did not show that i was jewish , '' margolin says. `` but it did not matter because people were being killed left and right. all around me. '' this year , in ukraine , he found himself again surrounded by war. margolin was a sniper who rose to be a commander in the army. his old uniform is still adorned with medals from his time in the
albert park - australian grand prix. sepang - malaysian grand prix. shanghai - chinese grand prix. out of the chinese swamp , where the shanghai circuit was built , and straight into the desert of bahrain - only in a formula one world championship. but as the f1 circus quickly ends up in bahrain after the chinese grand prix , some things do n't appear to have changed at all as , like shanghai , sakhir debuted in 2004 and is designed by herman tilke. it 's also a trailblazer. bahrain was the first country in the middle east to hold a formula one world championship grand prix but it
ahead of this weekend 's premier league action , sportsmail will be providing you with all you need to know about every fixture , with team news , provisional squads , betting odds and opta stats. here is all the information you need for west brom 's home clash with leicester ... west bromwich albion vs leicester city -lrb- the hawthorns -rrb-. team news. west brom. craig dawson is set to return for west brom after serving a one-match ban. the defender missed last saturday 's 4-1 defeat to qpr but youssouf mulumbu was sent off in the game and starts a three-game ban against barclays premier league
riddick bowe was once seen as the world 's best heavyweight fighter and reportedly had $ 15million , but he is now offering to post tweets for $ 20. he was once the double heavyweight champion , with a career that allowed him to retire from the ring with a rumoured fortune of $ 15million. now riddick bowe , of maryland , has found himself tweeting happy birthday messages and adverts for insurance firms for anyone who pays him $ 20. the 46-year-old recently offered to ` tweet anything ' for people who credit him through paypal , sharing the messages with
jamie carragher does not feel diego simeone plays the type of football which would attract arsenal , manchester united or city. sportsmail 's columnist insists the style of play atletico madrid showed against their neighbours real at the bernabeu would not impress the three barclays premier league giants. ' i love watching him on the sidelines. i love watching his team play , their work rate and their effort , they 're a team of men , ' carragher told sky sports. jamie carragher does not feel diego simeone plays the right type of football for the premier league big boys. simeone 's team battled at the bernabeu but were
jimmy anderson has been motivated to play 100 tests for england by the bitter memories of being marginalised in the early stages of his outstanding career. anderson makes his landmark appearance here in antigua on monday needing just four wickets to overtake sir ian botham and become the leading test wicket-taker in england 's history. and the lancastrian will do it remembering the times when it seemed he would become no more than a county bowler. jimmy anderson takes part in an england practice session on saturday ahead of his 100th test on monday. anderson and the england players are put through their paces as they sprint up a hill. ` i 've never forgotten the sitting on the
your private medical information is under threat. that 's according to a study that found almost 30 million health records nationwide were involved in criminal theft , malicious hacking or other data breaches over four years. the incidents seem to be increasing. compromised information included patients ' names , home addresses , ages , illnesses , test results or social security numbers. most involved electronic data and theft , including stolen laptops and computer thumb drives. the study did n't examine motives behind criminal breaches , or how stolen data might have been used , but cyber-security experts say thieves may try to use patients ' personal
a mysterious ` ring of fire ' has been spotted in space thanks to albert einstein 's theory of relatively. the ring , located 12 billion light years away , is an illusion created by the chance alignment of two distant galaxies. the striking circular structure is a rare manifestation of gravitational lensing predicted by albert einstein in his theory of general relativity. scroll down for video. alma 's image of the gravitationally lensed galaxy sdp .81. the bright orange central region of the ring - alma 's highest resolution observation ever - reveals the glowing dust in this distant galaxy. gravitational lensing occurs when a massive galaxy or cluster of galaxies bends the light emitted from a more distant galaxy
angelina jolie 's acclaimed film about the kidnap and rape of a 14-year-old girl in ethiopia has helped burnish her image as a human rights campaigner. but the hollywood star is at the centre of controversy after the makers of difret were accused of exploiting the real-life victim at the heart of its story. aberash bekele , 32 , is angry at the filmmakers for using her story without her knowledge or consent , and failing , initially , to pay her compensation. fear : aberash bekele -lrb- second left -rrb- believes the film could put her and her family in danger of reprisals. hollywood glamour : angelina jolie , 39 ,
sami khedira is still weighing up his next move but has interest from manchester united and chelsea. united have maintained an interest in the germany international since failing to sign him in august 2013. his representatives have spoken to schalke on a number of occasions but the fifth placed bundesliga side have been struggling to come up with a suitable financial package while he also has concerns about the strength of their squad. they have been scouting for alternatives should he turn them down. although khedira said last month : ' i love real madrid and it 'll be hard to leave this club - i 'll give all i 've got until the last moments of my contract , let nobody doubt that
i could n't wait to get out of bournemouth , even though i loved the place. it was a holiday town , a place that would send you to sleep rather than drive you forward. maybe it was the sea air ; everything always manana. then along came eddie howe. his team are anything but a team to send you to sleep. they are dynamic , full of hungry players , with a point to prove. i can tell you now that wide player matt ritchie is a contender for my ` 10 to watch ' for next season -- he is dynamite. eddie howe raises his arms in
the stage was set for the coronation of king jimmy on tuesday but west indies stubbornly refused to hurry him to his throne. the perfect script for this first test saw anderson taking the four wickets he needed to become the most prolific bowler in england 's history in his 100th game with record holder sir ian botham here and waiting to crown his successor. but west indies made anderson wait on an attritional day that was in sharp contrast to the excitement provided by the first of this crucial series. certainly anderson would not have expected to play a more significant role with bat than ball on
a british photographer has captured some adorable images of puppies posing for the camera. the picture-perfect photo shoot is the handiwork of john daniels , 61 , from dunsfold in surrey , who has decades of experience working with animals. he used both clean white studio backgrounds and comedy props to capture the heart-warming shots and these cute canines who appeared relaxed in front of the camera. a ` model ' poses in a makeshift hammock for a portrait by puppy photographer john daniels. the photographer also experiments with some unusual animal pairings , making his charming snaps the perfect way to celebrate national pet day , which takes place
david crossley developed large kidney stones. like many busy people , david crossley often used to find himself so wrapped up in his working day that he would go without lunch , and often barely stopped for a cup of tea. in fact , david , 63 , a musculoskeletal therapist from birmingham , admits : ' i would often be so busy at the clinic that i 'd forget to drink any liquid at all , other than the odd cup of tea or coffee. it had been the same way for years - although i would drink more water at weekends. ' last year , this
a labour government would take action to enforce a premier league commitment to invest five per cent of the proceeds from lucrative tv rights deals in grassroots sport , the party has said. shadow health secretary and keen football fan andy burnham said the move could unlock # 400 million to nurture the talents of the next generation of stars over the course of the next parliament. and he said labour was ready to legislate if necessary to ensure elite clubs lived up to their 1999 promise to support struggling community facilities and projects. andy burnham -lrb- left -rrb- and ed miliband promise that labour will make the premier league invest in grassroots. mr burnham
german banking giant deutsche bank will pay $ 2.5 billion in fines for its role in a vast multi-year conspiracy to rig libor interest rates , us and british authorities said on thursday. ` deutsche bank secretly conspired with its competitors to rig the benchmark interest rates at the heart of the global financial system , ' said us assistant attorney general bill baer. ` deutsche bank 's misconduct not only harmed its unsuspecting counterparties , it undermined the integrity and the competitiveness of financial markets everywhere. ' german banking giant deutsche bank will pay $ 2.5 billion in fines for its role in a vast multi-year conspiracy to rig libor interest rates , us and british authorities said on thursday. the case centers on charges that deutsche bank derivatives traders manipulated the london interbank offered rate ,
virgin galactic hopes to begin testing a new version of spaceshiptwo by the end of the year , according to the company 's chief executive. its previous plane was destroyed in a crash in the mojave desert in october 2014. the company said it is planning to use lessons learned from the crash to ensure that the new spacecraft works ` better '. scroll down for video. chief executive george whitesides has said the new spacecraft -lrb- shown in construction -rrb- is nearly ready. he said it could begin test flights by the end of this year. its predecessor was destroyed in the mojave desert on 31
marseille , france -lrb- cnn -rrb- the french prosecutor leading an investigation into the crash of germanwings flight 9525 insisted wednesday that he was not aware of any video footage from on board the plane. marseille prosecutor brice robin told cnn that `` so far no videos were used in the crash investigation. '' he added , `` a person who has such a video needs to immediately give it to the investigators. '' robin 's comments follow claims by two magazines , german daily bild and french paris match , of a cell phone video showing the harrowing final seconds from on board germanwings flight 9525 as it crashed into the french alps. all 150 on
when a young mum posted images of her post-pregnancy body on instagram to inspire others , she might have anticipated a raft of supportive comments for her bravery. hannah moore , 20 , from broxburn in west lothian , did n't get that far though ; her images of the stretchmarks on her tummy were vetoed by the world 's biggest photo-sharing website within minutes of her posting them. the mum-of-twins claims her account was deleted because the images were deemed to contain inappropriate ` nudity and violence ' which breach the site 's decency guidelines. scroll down for video. confidence shattered : hannah moore , who had shots of her stretchmarked stomach removed
this bundle of joy was a special spring surprise for both his mother and the farmers who delivered the 20lb new-born after a gruelling three-hour birth. he was so big that it took shepherd john hendy and a team of three helpers to help mother jean deliver the young lamb near melton mowbray , leicestershire , who they 've now named big ben. suffolk black lamb jean is seven years old and an experienced mother but ben is twice the weight of all his brothers and sisters born before him , all weighing the average weight of 8-10lbs. big ben : the 20lb lamb is twice the weight of the average new-born , towering over peers. proud mum : jean with huge son big
when something goes bump in the night , the last thing you expect is for grandad 's old cane to be responsible. but that 's the kind of thing the unfortunate owners of some of the world 's most haunted pieces of furniture have had to deal with. from the indiana ` ghost cane ' to the ` chair of death ' , these regular household fixtures are sure to give you the creeps. scroll down for video. this haunted mirror -lrb- left -rrb- is said to contain the trapped souls of the wife and children of a louisiana slave master while bruno amadio 's portrait of a weeping child -lrb- right -rrb- was thought to
-lrb- cnn -rrb- the coxes can rest more comfortably living in georgia now that their 5-year-old daughter can get the marijuana extract she needs. `` this means the world to us , '' said haleigh cox 's mother , janea cox. gov. nathan deal signed a bill thursday that will legalize low-thc cannabis oil for certain `` medication-resistant epilepsies , '' while creating an infrastructure , registration process and research program for the drug. -lrb- thc is the primary psychoactive substance in marijuana. -rrb-. the bill is dubbed haleigh 's hope act. haleigh , who has been the face of the bill , was having hundreds of seizures a day
mini test. audi tt roadster 2.0 tfsi s line quattro -lrb- 230ps -rrb-. price as driven : # 54,180. evolution : the new 2.0 tfsi s line quattro -lrb- pictured -rrb- is fun to drive with lively acceleration that takes it from rest to 62 mph in just 6.1. good. the interior of a manual
there was uproar on the south coast when nicola cortese sacked local hero nigel adkins and replaced him with the relatively unknown argentine , on english shores at least , mauricio pochettino. adkins had led southampton to back-to-back promotions into the barclays premier league and was fighting valiantly to keep them in it. but cortese 's decision proved to be an astute one and pochettino took them to the next level. he increased intensity in training and in matches , altered their style of play , continued their already excellent emphasis on youth and made some shrewd signings. mauricio pochettino spent 16 months as
bowling green basketball coach chris jans has been fired for acting inappropriately during a drunken night out at a local bar. the university , in ohio , took action after damning footage emerged of the coach touching an unidentified woman 's behind on march 21. the married father-of-two was also accused of grabbing a ` woman 's head and moving it toward your crotch ' and calling another woman a ` b **** ' , the same evening. a source told reporters that the incident was so heated a woman slapped him before he was asked to leave. scroll down for video. bowling green basketball coach chris jans has been
who does n't love a hot cross bun at easter ? in britain we so enjoy the spiced , sweet rolls with a cross on top , that they used to be eaten all year round. that was until queen elizabeth i tried to ban them , possibly finding the cross a little too catholic. the move was greeted with uproar , so she compromised , saying they could only be sold on good friday , at christmas and for burials -- and they have been prime easter fare ever since. nowadays supermarkets bring out ever more permutations to tempt customers , from miniature sizes
roger federer spent less than one hour on court in his monte carlo opener with a 6-2 , 6-1 win over jeremy chardy. federer , who has changed his schedule this year to allow more time for recovery and training , played his first match since his loss in the indian wells final in march. and he did not look rusty , hitting 19 winners to dispatch an opponent who beat him last year in rome. roger federer defeated jeremy chardy in his monte carlo opener 6-2 , 6-1 to reach the last 16. the match was federer 's first since his loss in the indian wells final in march. ` it 's difficult to make any kind of judgment after a
a week in the bahamas , lapping up the sun and the odd glass of champagne , gazing across the yachts bobbing in the marina. it sounds idyllic , but perhaps is not the way you might imagine ian poulter prepares to win the masters. but poulter promises this break , just weeks before the first major of the year , means he will be fit and fresh for his latest assault on augusta national. the downtime ensured plenty of opportunity to dream about feeling that green jacket draped over his shoulders , and what meal he would choose for the champion 's dinner the following year. not that he needs to think too hard about that
for chris brugger the cost of staying alive is $ 16,000 every three weeks. this is what the new south wales leukaemia patient must pay for a new drug treatment that is keeping him alive. the 35-year-old , father-of-two from griffith says the non-taxpayer subsidised treatment for his hodgkin 's disease - brentuximab vedotin - has improved his condition dramatically. it 's for this reason that his ` my name is chris ' campaign and website was created to help raise the money needed for his treatment as it ca n't be distributed on the current pharmaceutical benefits scheme -lrb- pbs -rrb-. scroll down for video.
a new orleans couple bought a ramshackle historic cottage , moved it across the city and renovated it all the while using salvaged materials and respecting the home 's original floor plan. gaby tillero and greg ensslen bought the the two-story 1840s creole home from the central city neighborhood after a church said they wanted to demolish it and expand their parking lot. the couple moved it to the freret neighborhood where they then spent seven months renovating. tillero and her husband ensslen now live in the home with their two sons , six-year-old santiago and nine-year-old javier , as well as tillero 's mother , olga tillero. scroll down for video. gaby tillero and greg ensslen bought this 1840s creole cottage
new york -lrb- cnn -rrb- wall street is more than ready for hillary clinton. the former secretary of state confirmed on sunday what the political world has expected for months -- eight years after her first failed white house bid , clinton will once again seek the democratic party 's nomination for president. `` i 'm hitting the road to earn your vote , because it 's your time , '' clinton said in a video released sunday afternoon officially kicking off her campaign. `` and i hope you 'll join me on this journey. '' as clinton sets off onto the campaign trail to reintroduce herself to voters and court donors across the country ,
inspirational speaker turia pitt , who suffered horrific burns when she was caught in a bushfire , has revealed she still struggles to overcome her near-death ordeal. the 27-year-old said just the smell from a barbecue brought back the traumatic moment she was trapped for four hours where she suffered burns to 65 per cent of her body. speaking to a networking wa audience at crown perth on wednesday , the burns survivor said she still feels haunted when she talks about being caught in the bushfire when she competed in an ultra-marathon in kimberley in september 2011. ` my heart rate has
ben flower was given the honour of leading wigan 's victory song after helping them to a 30-20 win over warrington on his return from a six-month suspension. the 27-year-old wales forward did not get among the scorers but he did enough to impress coach shaun wane on his first appearance since being sent off in the warriors ' grand final defeat by st helens last october. ' i thought he looked a bit serious , he 's not done anything for six months , ' wane said. ' i was a bit apprehensive for him but i thought he played really well - he belted a few people - and he led the song in the dressing room. wigan warriors
aston villa deserved their victory at wembley on sunday and there were two players at the heart of it all. jack grealish was fantastic but fabian delph was the best player on the pitch. on saturday , i said his battle with jordan henderson would be key to the game. there 's no doubt who won that one. delph was different class. he put in an all-action display and ran the game. he looked like the player we all felt he could become when he emerged at leeds. he was outstanding. as for grealish , for a young man to play like that
the artist behind a statue of lucille ball so terrifying it has been nicknamed ` scary lucy ' has admitted to being ` disappointed ' in his work , offering to fix the sculpture for free. residents of celoron , new york , hometown of the famous comedienne , reacted with shock and horror when the ' i love lucy ' statue was unveiled in 2009. following a recent social media campaign to have the bronze statue removed , sculptor dave poulin called it ` by far my most unsettling sculpture ' , and pledged to make a new one. following a campaign to have the statue
-lrb- cnn -rrb- this is week three of an ongoing series : a catholic reads the bible. read week one and week two. when i started this project , my brother texted me , `` wait until you get to lot. '' by sunday afternoon , i understood what he meant. i am horrified by the story of lot in genesis. lot and the destruction of sodom and gomorrah was new to me. i actually had n't put two and two together that sodom is the origin of the word sodomy. -lrb- feel free to call me dense as you read this -rrb-.
-lrb- the hollywood reporter -rrb- the original cast of twin peaks is backing david lynch in his salary standoff with showtime. the stars have teamed together for a video backing the show 's co-creator with a #savetwinpeaks campaign that says doing the revival without lynch is `` like pies without cherries , '' among other nods to the original drama series. sherilyn fenn , sheryl lee , james marshall , peggy lipton and other familiar faces from the series appear in the video. -lrb- some members have also set up a facebook page. -rrb-. showtime renews ` shameless , ' orders ` happyish ' to series. lynch announced sunday that
andy lee will leave new york with his head held high and a burgeoning reputation firmly intact. a dramatic , frenetic 12 rounds here saw the irishman sent sprawling in the very first against the dangerous peter quillin , the man who vacated the wbo middleweight title lee won so gloriously in las vegas last december before the result was deemed a draw. it was the first time the reigning champion had gone the distance. no mean feat considering he fought for a lengthy period with a strained biceps muscle in his left arm. peter quillin -lrb- left -rrb- and andy lee
the familiar brown signs are set up to show tourists where to find an area 's finest attractions. so visitors to dornoch 's golf course or the sutherland town 's historic cathedral were surprised instead to be pointed in the direction of some toilets , the local gp ... and an abattoir. and even if bewildered tourists did suddenly fancy a trip to the slaughterhouse , they would discover it is in the process of being demolished. on a visit to the scottish town of dornoch , tourists are pointed towards the local slaughterhouse. visitors to dornoch , pictured , have to move quickly if they wish to visit the abattoir - as its being demolished. the bizarre sign
north west was a happy traveller on tuesday as she arrived in paris with her famous parents. the only child of kim kardashian and kanye west wore a bright smile as she sat in her pram while her mother pushed them out of the airport. the family of three had arrived in paris after nori was baptised in jerusalem and they had finished a tour of the old city , as well as kim 's home nation of armenia. scroll down for video. someone 's happy ! north west wears a bright smile upon arriving in paris with her parents. giddy : the only only child of kim kardashian and kanye west
a spanish town on the camino de santiago pilgrimage route is warning pilgrims and other visitors to stop defecating along the famous path. graphic signs telling visitors not to stop for a poo break during their walk to the holy city of santiago de compostela , in north-western spain , have been erected in the municipality of lastres. but no one knows who put up the signs , which show a squatting figure defecating within a red circle with a diagonal line across it. someone in the municipality of lastres has posted signs warning pilgrims not to defecate on the trail. the pilgrimage , known
what 's worse than finding a cockroach in your big mac ? half a cockroach. after a stressful day of moving house , annah sophia stevenson decided to get takeaway from blenheim mcdonald 's for herself and her three-year-old son luca at about 5.20 pm on saturday. the cosmetic artist , from new zealand , found that after taking three bites of her burger something was not right and then pulled a half eaten , disemboweled cockroach out of her mouth. scroll down for video. a new zealand woman discovered a cockroach after taking three bites into her big mac burger. ' i was working on it for about three or
the sigma alpha epsilon -lrb- sae -rrb- fraternity at clemson university in south carolina has been put on probation for two years after the group held a christmas theme party that flared up racial tensions on campus. the ` cripmas ' party , held last december , had white students throwing stereotypical gang symbols while dressed in red and blue bandanas , t-shirts with images of the late rapper tupac shakur and fake ` thug ' tattoos. the party was also reportedly attended by female students from several sororities. photos from the party flooded social media and were accompanied by comments such as : ` merry cripmas to all , and all a hood night. ' the sigma alpha epsilon -lrb- sae -rrb- fraternity at clemson university
-lrb- cnn -rrb- when the earthquake hit , many of nepal 's most renowned pagodas in and around kathmandu crumbled into rubble-covered stumps. others were smothered under splintered hand-carved wooden beams or multi-level rooftops. but the kathmandu valley 's other pagodas , stupas and shrines -- also built mostly of red brick hundreds of years ago -- suffered surprisingly little damage and remained standing next to structures which disappeared. the worst architectural losses have included the majestic shiva temple pagoda and its twin , the narayan temple pagoda , which dominated kathmandu 's main durbar square. from the late 1960s onwards , western hippy backpackers who traveled the legendary overland route to kathmandu would climb the shiva pagoda 's wide , nine-step plinth , sit in the shade under
from organising eggs hunts to whipping up chocolate cup cakes at midnight , celebrities are , it seems , just like the rest of us when it comes to easter. from kim kardashian 's last-minute baskets for toddler north west to myleene klass ' bunny-themed egg hunt , the stars took to instagram to show how they celebrated easter. kim kardashian. we wonder if kanye helped ? kim kardashian shared a snap of herself on instagram yesterday , while decorating colourful easter baskets , thought to be for her daughter north plus her niece and nephews. kim kardashian shared a snap of herself on instagram yesterday , while decorating colourful easter baskets. captioning the last-minute picture : ` easter prep ! '
-lrb- cnn -rrb- chanting `` no justice ! no peace ! '' protesters rallied in baltimore late tuesday , the same day police released the names of the officers involved in the arrest of freddie gray. gray died of a spinal injury sunday , exactly one week after he was taken into custody. demonstrators marched to a local police station that was protected by barricades. one man was arrested after crossing that barricade , but the protest was peaceful. among the crowd were members of gray 's family , including his mother. she held her head and cried. many of the protesters clasped hands , and raised them in a show of support. `` make some noise for
a masked burglar stole vintage watches worth more than # 200,000 from an antiques shop in a mission impossible-style raid by crawling along the floor to avoid setting off the infrared beams. the thief scaled a two-storey antique market before breaking into a rooftop vent and squeezing down a narrow shaft to reach the store. he picked three sets of locks and crawled on the floor ` like a snake ' to avoid triggering infrared security beams. ` like a snake ' : this cctv footage shows how a masked thief avoided infrared beams during a raid on a jewellers in hampstead , north london , by crawling
an armed man has been arrested after kidnapping a woman , shooting and killing census bureau guard and leading police on a car chase before authorities cornered him in an exchange of gunfire that left him and a police officer wounded. ronald anderson , 48 , who was charged in the crime spree , was previously convicted of manslaughter and recently was arrested in an assault case involving his ` visibly afraid ' girlfriend , according to court documents obtained on friday. it all took place on his birthday. anderson was arrested february 17 on a charge of assaulting his girlfriend in the washington , d.c. , suburb of prince george
steven abberley caused a major security alert by throwing marbles at mps and shouting ` you are all just liars ' during prime minister 's questions. a protester who caused a major security alert by throwing marbles at mps and shouting ` you are all just liars ' during prime minister 's questions has walked free from court. steven abberley , 28 , hurled a tirade of abuse at politicians during a session in the house of commons in october last year. he then threw the glass balls from the public gallery , but they missed mps and hit a security screen. abberley excused himself to fellow observers before shouting ` you are
arsene wenger is so respected and so clearly a deeply intelligent man that every now and then you find yourself nodding sagely at something he has said which , upon closer examination , turns out to sound right but to have decidedly unsubstantial foundations. usually it is related to how arsenal 's defensive record is statistically actually very good -lrb- it is -rrb- in the aftermath of the latest debacle. but last week it was on the issue of quotas , or more specifically fa chairman greg dyke 's idea of increasing the number of homegrown players in a premier league squad of 25 from eight
a morbidly obese man has started documenting his efforts to lose more than 300lbs - without weight loss surgery - after the intense back pain brought on by his size prompted him to get serious about his health. for years , iowa-based writer daniel p. finney , ignored that at 563lbs he was severely overweight - even shrugging off strangers who called him ` fatty ' as he walked down the street. but after a series of health issues , the 39-year-old became inspired to shed more than half of his body weight the natural way and chronicle his journey for the des moines register. ' i know i 'm
it seems when it comes to royal fashion faux pas , birds of a feather really do flock together. yesterday the countess of wessex and princess beatrice were not exactly fly-away style winners with their feathered hats as they joined the queen at windsor for an easter sunday service. sophie , 50 , wife of prince edward , wore a beret-style percher hat topped with large , dark plumes , while beatrice , 26 , the elder daughter of the duke of york and sarah ferguson , opted for an unusual blue creation. with them , and sporting a slightly more subtly coloured hat embellished
the seeds of the josh meekings furore were planted during an otherwise unremarkable match between hibernian and dundee in the early weeks of 2013. easter road striker gary deegan caught dens defender gary irvine high on his right shin in a dangerous challenge. referee craig charleston saw an incident , but not the gory details. the official had his view obstructed by bodies and because of that the sfa could take no action. the governing body immediately took the stance they * should * be allowed to use video evidence to review incidents the referee had clearly missed. they altered the rules. rules
there 's no denying that the british interior aesthetic has come a long way over the past several decades. and for those looking to step back in time during a weekend getaway , there are plenty of options available at your fingertips. whether you prefer the earthy aesthetic of the atomic age or the bold hues of the brit-pop '90s , airbnb rentals offers places that cater to interior decor of all tastes. here , mailonline travel guides you through the decades to find the best offerings from each era ... scroll down for video. travel through time with this airbnb rental , which hark back to the earthy aesthetic of
stars of women 's tennis put on their glad rags to attend the porsche grand prix tennis opening ceremony in stuttgart on monday. defending champion maria sharapova was joined by players including ana ivanovic , caroline wozniacki , sabine lisicki , and angelique kerber ahead of their opening matches at the clay court tournament. the ladies were dressed glamorously as they posed for pictures at the porsche arena accompanied by a group of school children. ana ivanovic -lrb- l-r -rrb- , sabine lisicki , angelique kerber , caroline wozniacki and maria sharapova strike a pose. ivanovic speaks to wozniacki -lrb- right -rrb- during the opening ceremony of the porsche grand prix tennis
a man who lost his sight 12 years ago has discovered a love of painting and can create amazing images just by touch. john bramblitt , 42 , had epilepsy from the age of 11 and over the next 19 years it slowly caused him to lose his eyesight. at the age of 30 , the artist from denton in texas was completely blind. despite this , he decided that an inability to see should not prevent him from painting. scroll down for video. artist john bramblitt , right , discovered his love of painting after losing his sight some 12 years ago. the artist uses
russia are on the brink of making the fed cup final with a 2-0 lead after anastasia pavlyuchenkova saved a match point to beat germany 's sabine lisicki on saturday. pavlyuchenkova saved the match point in the second set before going on to beat lisicki 4-6 , 7-6 -lrb- 4 -rrb- , 6-3 , after svetlana kuznetsova beat julia goerges in straight sets in the opening rubber. pavlyuchenkova said lisicki 's power caused her problems : ` in the first set i believed i could win but i could n't find the rhythm because she plays a bit boom-boom. ' anastasia pavlyuchenkova of russia beat germany 's sabine lisicki for a 2-0 lead in their fed cup tie. svetlana kuznetsova had earlier
style over substance. this game is being billed as beauty v the beast , but do n't underestimate arsene wenger. it 's not just about style -- he plays to win. the philosophy wenger has imposed has made arsenal popular throughout the world. people love to watch them , certainly more than jose mourinho 's teams. but on sunday , he is up against the ultimate pragmatist -- mourinho finds any way to win. chelsea have conceded just two goals in their last six clashes with arsenal , keeping four clean sheets in the process. mourinho does exactly what 's necessary. so while wenger
-lrb- cnn -rrb- when drinkers in clayton 's , a beachfront bar in south padre island , texas , belly up for a round of shots , bartender casey belue can usually guess what they 'll order. it comes in a yellow-labeled bottle with a fire-breathing demon on it. it tastes like big red chewing gum. it 's fireball cinnamon whisky , and lately it 's been as hot as its name. `` fireball is number one , definitely. that 's pretty much the chosen shot , '' said belue , who enjoys it herself now and then. `` on an average night , we probably go through three or four bottles. '' if you 're young -- say , under 35 -- this may not be news to
sergio aguero says the experience of scoring in a manchester derby is unparalleled. the argentine has scored six goals in derby meetings with united and is planning on adding to that tally when the two sides meet at old trafford on sunday. ' i always love to score , but of course it is even more special to score in the big games , ' he said. sergio aguero smashes the ball against the post during manchester city 's defeat by crystal palace. aguero says scoring against manchester united is enough to give him shivers. the argentine forward has scored six times against united , including this one at the etihad in september 2013. ` if you score against united at old trafford it almost give
-lrb- cnn -rrb- the golden state could soon refer to the hue of california 's lawns. gov. jerry brown on wednesday imposed mandatory water restrictions for the first time on residents , businesses and farms , ordering cities and towns in the drought-ravaged state to reduce usage by 25 %. `` we 're in a new era , '' brown said. `` the idea of your nice little green grass getting lots of water every day , that 's going to be a thing of the past. '' the 25 % cut in usage amounts to roughly 1.5 million acre-feet of water -lrb- an acre foot of water equals about 325,000 gallons -rrb- over the next nine months , state officials said.
many couples disagree over what to name their children -- but one new york couple 's battle over their unborn baby 's moniker became so unbearable that they have asked random members of the public to help them reach a decision. kseniya soukeras , who is due in august , wants to name her unborn child michael , after her late father. her husband nicholas prefers the greek name spyridon , after his own father. because they have been unable to settle their disagreement privately , the couple has turned to the general public to help them make a decision ; nicholas , 37 ,
for two hours at the start of a test match that england can not afford to lose it was possible to believe that colin graves ' description of west indies as ` mediocre ' would have the same motivating effect as tony greig saying he would make them grovel. certainly the comments of the ecb 's outspoken new chairman were not looking very accurate when england 's new top three had all succumbed to a west indies pace attack seemingly inspired by bowling coach curtly ambrose. that england averted disaster was down to their middle order. ian bell , with his 22nd test century , joe root and , thrillingly , the rejuvenated
big-hearted ipswich town left back tyrone mings has seemingly paid off his mother 's debts in his latest act of generosity. the 22-year-old posted a text message conversation between him and his mother on his instagram account. his mother thanked him for wiping ` all my debt away for the first time ever in my life ' , adding that ` my worries have all gone. ' tyrone mings has seemingly paid off his mother 's debts in an act of generosity. mings posted a screengrab of a text message conversation on his instagram account. mings replied two minutes later : ` aww mumma you deserve every penny. thankyou for all the years of hard work ' before adding ` and that 's just the start. ' alongside the screengrab , mings wrote : ` this
unruly hair is making my life a misery. what really works on frizzy hair like mine ? deborah , 43 , lanarkshire. deborah described her naturally curly hair as a ` frizz nightmare '. home colouring has left it dry and out of condition. she is not alone. taming frizzy hair can be a constant battle. ` my hair can look amazing if a professional hairstylist blow-dries it , ' says deborah. ` if i am doing it , however , it 's a challenge because it 's so hard to control and so quick to go frizzy. scroll down for video. deborah before -lrb- l -rrb- and after -lrb- r -rrb- the the nanokeratin system hair relaxing treatment. ' i lead a busy life and would love my hair to be more
nicola adams has been forced to withdraw from this weekend 's english national championships following a burglary at her home in leeds. adams and other family members were at home at the time but were not aware of the break-in , in which two cars , training kit and valuable personal possessions were taken. adams had been due to contest the women 's 51kg flyweight division including a prospective final showdown against her great britain rival lisa whiteside. olympic gold medallist nicola adams has had to pull out of the english national championships. adams said in a statement : ` nothing makes me prouder than boxing on
an 86-year-old kansas city chiefs superfan had one dying wish - to see her beloved team before taking her last breath. great-great grandmother betty johnson of missouri , a chiefs season ticket holder since 1986 , had said goodbye to everyone except for her team. but her wish was granted on thursday after a visit from chiefs hall of famer nick lowery , and johnson passed away shortly after , just as he was leaving , her family said. ' i believe she -lsb- was -rsb- holding on to say goodbye to her chiefs , ' her daughter , susan told kctv5. scroll down for video. betty johnson , 86 , was a kansas city chiefs ticket holder since 1986. a devoted fan , she was known
-lrb- cnn -rrb- ultrahaptics is a young company with a big dream : changing the way we interact with electronic devices. their technology creates tactile three-dimensional shapes literally out of thin air , using ultrasound. the company 's tagline says it all : `` feeling without touching. '' through an emission of sound waves , sensations are projected through the air and to the user. changes in air pressure are perceived as suspended tactile surfaces , creating invisible -- but tangible -- interfaces. this already sounds quite intriguing , but paired with another rising technology it has the potential to become a game changer. the rising tide of virtual reality
as inexperienced first-time parents we shower our baby with gifts and document their every milestone. but second children are left to rely on hand-me-downs , with around # 500 less spent on them in their first year of life. more than a third of mothers clothed their second baby in one or more hand-me-downs , with 46 per cent giving them toys bought for their elder sibling. second children are left with hand-me-downs , and around # 500 less spent on them in their first year of life. and though 82 per cent have a memento of their first child , such as a lock of hair or a video of their first steps , only 23 per cent have a keepsake
new york city in the height of summer with children. would you buy that for a dollar ? precisely. but take your crew 90 minutes north of the big apple to mohonk mountain house in the heart of the hudson valley and you 'll not regret it for a second. it gets its name from the surrounding mohonk preserve , on the fringes of the monumental shawangunk ridge , a vast cliff band that runs down through pennsylvania to new jersey. it is astonishing to find such wilderness so close to the city. the hotel is a faux-gothic victorian castle and may look too faux to european eyes ,
from the dry , relentless heat of alice springs to the icy cold hills of canberra , a university student will push his body to the limit , running a marathon in each of australia 's eight states and territories to honour the memory of his late , treasured childhood friend. although he had never run a marathon before , callum ryan , 21 , committed himself to the daunting challenge of running eight of them between january and september 2015 - covering a total distance of 337.5 kilometres. his ` eight great states ' campaign is driven by his passion to make a difference after the loss of his friend , malachy frawley
as holidays go , kim kardashian has long had the pick of the planet. sitting on a bank balance that could sustain a small country , means that the cost of flights and accommodation has never been an issue for the reality tv star. so , where to go and what to do ? while the famous kardashian used to pick holidays close to home , in the sun , on a beach and with her family - if her recent vacations are anything to go by - times have changed. scroll down for video. kim has long had her pick of holiday destinations - so how have her holiday tastes changed over the years ?
a lonely man has taken his search for love - or lust - online , posting an advertisement complete with his desires , or ` requirements '. the outback casanova , who lives in humpty doo , northern territory , detailed his dream girl on gumtree. ` wanted !!!!! girlfriend/wife , must love pets ... accomodation available , position may offer company car , phone and laptop , to the ` successful candidate ' , ' it reads. scroll down for video. ` rich ' who lives in humpty doo , northern territory , detailed
-lrb- cnn -rrb- the head of the libyan army has rejected the possibility of cooperating with any eu military intervention in his country intended to stem the flow of undocumented migrants trying to reach europe. in an exclusive interview friday with cnn 's becky anderson , libyan army head gen. khalifa haftar said libyan authorities had not been consulted and , in any event , military action would not solve the problem. `` we will certainly not cooperate , because we were not involved in resolving this issue , '' haftar said. `` the decision was taken without consulting the legitimate libyan side. '' the european union is struggling to cope with
travelling can be tiring , especially if there are many flights involved and jet lag. however for one sleepy explorer , a trip of a lifetime to witness the amazon rainforest seemed to be all too much - that or he was completely uninterested in the adventurous trips he was booked on. redditor roxambops , aka roxy de la rosa posted the pictures of dozing alex elenes on the social networking site this week with the caption : ` went to the amazon , cousin slept everywhere. ' meet alex elenes. the traveller went on a trip of a lifetime to see the amazon rainforest ... but he missed the whole thing being asleep ! dozing away
saturday 's game is absolutely huge for both teams. win and arsenal go second to put huge pressure on manchester city. lose and liverpool will be nine points behind arsene wenger 's side. it 's a vital match and here 's where the game can be won and lost. olivier giroud v kolo toure/mamadou sakho. with no martin skrtel , olivier giroud will be licking his lips. kolo toure and mamadou sakho are both solid enough but they are nervous in possession and they will miss the experience and physicality of skrtel. if dejan lovren is fit , i expect him to play , but if not , do n't be surprised if giroud gets on the scoresheet. the frenchman is in excellent form this season but the only question mark against him was
hong kong -lrb- cnn -rrb- four months after the end of the massive occupy protests that clogged hong kong 's streets in a bid for greater voting rights , another confrontation is heating up in the former british colony. the flashpoint ? a controversial beijing-backed election proposal tabled wednesday that pro-democracy legislators have already sworn to veto , describing it as `` ridiculous. '' in a speech before the city 's legislature , chief secretary carrie lam said that if approved , the proposal would give hong kongers the right to vote for their next leader in 2017. the catch , of course , is candidates would have to be approved by a mostly
a mississippi man is lucky to be alive after a lawn mower shot a three-and-a-half inch metal wire up his nose and into his head. bill parker , 34 , of gulfport was mowing his lawn while at his family home last sunday when he thought a rock hit him in the face not realizing it was actually a metal fence wire. dr timothy haffey , who removed the wire which was as thick as a heavy-duty nail , said that it miraculously dodged all of parker 's important nerves and arteries. bill parker , 34 , of gulfport was mowing his lawn on april
-lrb- cnn -rrb- when al-shabaab gunmen slaughtered 147 people at a college campus in garissa , kenya , on thursday , it was the bloodiest blow islamist extremists have dealt to the country since the 1998 bombing of the u.s. embassy in nairobi. but it was also yet another pave stone in the long path of violence between kenya and the somali militants. to understand thursday 's attack , one must understand this : kenya and al-shabaab are at war. although al qaeda was behind the 1998 attack that killed more than 200 people , al-shabaab has killed many more kenyans and
london -lrb- cnn -rrb- a 19-year-old man was charged wednesday with terror offenses after he was arrested as he returned to britain from turkey , london 's metropolitan police said. yahya rashid , a uk national from northwest london , was detained at luton airport on tuesday after he arrived on a flight from istanbul , police said. he 's been charged with engaging in conduct in preparation of acts of terrorism , and with engaging in conduct with the intention of assisting others to commit acts of terrorism. both charges relate to the period between november 1 and march 31. rashid is due
usually a highlight of mercedes-benz fashion week australia , alex perry 's name is a notable absence from the schedule in 2015. the designer revealed in february that he would not be presenting a collection at the sydney event this week , and revealed to daily mail australia on sunday that he was enjoying ` taking a breather '. despite this year marking the 20th anniversary of mbfwa , perry is taking in the fashions from the comfort of the front row , after focusing on his international efforts of late. ` my team and i just need a bit of a breather - we 've just finished selling in paris , and we 've had an incredible season over there , so we 're busy focusing on international at the moment , ' perry told dma at the ellery show on first night of fashion week. scroll down for video. perry pulls
you might have seen fantastic images of the sun before , or even clips showing its activity - but you 've never seen anything like this. an incredible video has stitched together footage from a nasa spacecraft , revealed the beauty of the solar surface as it bursts with energy. taken over five years , the footage includes plasma raining down on the sun , an extreme solar eruption and even a comet breezing through the sun 's atmosphere. scroll down for video. filmmaker michael könig from cologne , germany has created an amazing video showing solar activity -lrb- shown -rrb-. it was made by stitching together
steve davis would love to see jimmy white and reanne evans light up the crucible stage but admits his own swan song hopes look forlorn. the king of the baize in the 1980s believes the whirlwind and the doyenne of the women 's tour face tall orders to get through qualifying for the betfred world championship. evans saw her task made all the more intimidating when she was drawn to face 1997 world champion ken doherty on thursday , in the first of three preliminary rounds , while white will tackle fellow veteran james wattana in his opener on saturday. steve davis will attempt to qualify for this year 's betfred world championship at the crucible. but davis , who will also attempt to qualify , expects
-lrb- cnn -rrb- hillary clinton is now officially a candidate for president -- and the never ending clinton story rumbles on. she has been a part of all our lives now for approaching a quarter of a century. she started as the first lady that the right loved to hate , then the deceived wife , next a senator , then a candidate for president in one of the most dynamic primaries in history and finally , a secretary of state. the republicans have their aristocratic bushes , the democrats have their clintons. and if hillary or jeb were to win two presidential terms , then in the 44 years
most women have known the frustrated feeling of nursing the broken heel of a irreplaceable shoe. or perhaps even experienced the struggle of finding footwear that is appropriate for all occasions. tanya heath paris has revolutionised women 's footwear with her collection of shoes that feature an interchangeable heel. scroll down for video. tanya heath paris features hundreds of heel varieties that slide and click into place , and can be released at the push of a button. a high heel -lrb- up to 3.5 inches -rrb- can be swapped for a lower heel -lrb- 1.5 inches -rrb- , without compromising the style. the first of
with the cost of a christening hitting upwards of # 300 , parents are looking for ways to baptise their baby on a budget. and , as always , asda is on hand to help. hot on the heels of releasing its budget bridesmaid range , the supermarket giant has unveiled garments for babies being christened. george at asda has created its ` luxury christening range ' just in time for the birth of the royal baby - and say its gowns and rompers allow mothers to buy a traditional christening outfit for a fraction of the price. scroll down for video. research has revealed
valencia midfielder andre gomes insists he has no intention of leaving the club this summer. the 21-year-old has been linked with premier league duo manchester united and chelsea in some quarters but he says remaining at the mestalla is his preferred option. he said : ` i 'm not worried about what the future holds. i am convinced that i will stay in valencia because i am very happy here. ' valencia midfielder andre gomes -lrb- right -rrb- , pictured in action against villarreal , says he wants to stay at the club. reports have linked gomes with a move to premier league duo manchester united
messy homes can understandably be a huge source of embarrassment for home owners. but it 's fair to say that everyone can admit to getting lazy with the cleaning every now and again. it turns out old mugs of tea , toothpaste-encrusted bathrooms and mouldy food are among the top ` cleaning sins ' committed by busy brits. a study by kärcher has revealed six in ten brits are too busy to clean their homes. a study of 2,000 people by cleaning equipment company , kärcher , revealed that a whopping six in ten full-time working brits are too busy to clean their homes each week. even more
french trainer freddy head has favourably compared his 2,000 guineas hope ride like the wind to last year 's fifth-placed runner charm spirit , who landed three group one races in 2014. ride like the wind was one of 34 colts which remain in the first classic of the season run on saturday , may 2. ride like the wind won just one of his four starts last season but he has run twice this term , posting a career best on his most recent start when landing the group three prix djebel by a head. french trainer freddy head likens his 2,000 guineas hope ride like the wind to charm spirit. both the runner-up
from underground bunkers and tactical bicycles to heavily armored vehicles , they were taught new ways to deal with a zombie apocalypse or a natural disaster - and also met some tv stars. hundreds of survivalists and so-called ` preppers ' , of all ages and levels of ` experience ' , descended on the salt lake city , utah , suburb of sandy on friday for the nation 's first ever preppercon. during the two-day expo , they were shown specially-equipped underground bunkers , learned new methods of storing food , tried out solar powered flashlights - and even dressed up as zombies. they were also greeted
rain , wind and a bone-chilling cold confronted all the runners of monday 's boston marathon. but after 20 grueling hours on the course , maickel melamed overcame another obstacle - a rare form of muscular dystrophy that makes it hard for him to just walk or move - to finally cross the finish line. melamed , 39 , may have come in last place in the 26.2-mile race , but his story touched a city now famous for its own iron-clad will after the boston marathon bombings in 2013. scroll down for video. maickel melamed , 39 , crossed the boston marathon finish line after 20 grueling hours in the rain and
-lrb- cnn -rrb- indiana 's controversial religious freedom law has been in hot water lately. after a firestorm of backlash and protests , gov. mike pence said on tuesday that the state will `` fix '' the religious freedom restoration act , or rfra , so it will not discriminate against gays and lesbians. pence is making the right call. promoting the false dichotomy between protecting religion versus protecting equality serves no one. not all people who dislike the law hate religion , and not all people who like the law want to discriminate against the lgbt community. if people of good will come together , liberty and equality can both be saved. the unbelievably easy way to fix indiana 's rfra is to add one small amendment , one easy line codifying that discrimination against the lgbt community
the 12-year-old daughter of the mailman who landed his gyrocopter on the lawn of the u.s. capitol last week has said she was ` downright proud ' of her dad. ` he 's a patriot you know ? ' kathy hughes told abc news. ` he did it for the country. ' her father , 61-year-old doug hughes , landed the aircraft on the west lawn last wednesday to protest campaign finance laws but was swiftly taken into custody. he is now under house arrest at their ruskin , florida home as he awaits a hearing to determine if he will go on trial for crossing a no-fly zone , a charge that could send him to prison for four years. on monday , hughes called his 80-mile journey to the capitol ' a huge thrill
not everyone should be behind the wheel of a $ 50,000 car. that 's one lesson to take away from a video posted by youtube user richard stewart showing a porsche cayman flying out of control as it speeds from a green light on prince edward island in canada. the sports car swerves wildly before smashing into the concrete median. a wheel even comes off before the car finally comes to a halt. ` just cause you have a nice car does n't make you a good driver. do n't let your son drive your porsche ! '' wrote stewart on youtube about the crash. khou reports that police have not made the identity of
leroy j. toppins went missing on friday night while playing with siblings in the front yard of his family 's home in washington court house , ohio. his parents worriedly reported him missing after he disappeared about 6pm. more than 100 locals joined a search for the toddler that lasted all day saturday. however at 7pm , the boy 's body was found in a pond at an old stone quarry , a short distance from where he was last seen , local network nbc 4. the quarry had been abandoned for years. tragedy : leroy j. toppins went missing about 6pm friday while playing with siblings
a new york woman has worn the same ensemble to work every day for three years. matilda kahl , an art director at saatchi & saatchi , wears the exact same ` uniform ' -- an outfit made up of black trousers , white shirt and a custom leather rosette -- every single day because , as she explains to dailymail.com : ` when at work , i want to be judged on my work and my work only. ' in an article for harper 's bazaar , matilda explained that the unique sartorial idea came to her after a particularly stressful morning
greg rusedski has supported aljaz bedene 's bid to overturn an international tennis federation ruling and become eligible to represent great britain in the davis cup. slovenia-born bedene secured a british passport last month but can not currently represent his new nation in the competition having played twice for slovenia in 2010 and 2011. bedene 's switch in nationality has been met by criticism in some quarters , but not from rusedski , who himself moved from canada to represent great britain in 1995. world 99 aljaz bedene is not giving up hope in his quest to play for great britain in the davis cup. bedene has greg rusedski 's support in his bid to overturn the itf 's ruling that he ca n't play for great
niki lauda 's red cap stood out like a beacon on the dull , grey tarmac of the biggest , most soulless paddock in all formula one. the three-time world champion is colourful , candid and carefree. when your face is the charred remains of having nearly burned to death at the wheel of a ferrari , why not throw caution to the wind or , in shanghai 's case , the smog ? lauda , now chairman of mercedes f1 , aimed his first verbal grenade at his driver nico rosberg , who moments earlier had stood in front of him rotating his shoulders and about to play keepie-uppie to warm up for
a heartbroken mother has spoken out about her relentless grief after her baby son was brutally murdered in a random attack when a stranger broke into their home. casey veal 's son zayden was just 10 months old when he was bludgeoned to death by a drug-crazed burglar who broke into their bendigo home at random , whilst the baby slept in his cot in june 2012. ` it tortures because it 's something that 's always like -- why me ? why our house ? why our zayden ? ' a heartbroken ms veal told 60 minutes. the culprit was 19-year-old harley hicks who bashed baby zayden more than 30 times with a homemade baton during a senseless and unprovoked robbery , fuelled by ice and marijuana. casey veal 's son zayden was just
a taxi driver channelled his inner pavarotti and produced an emotionally charged opera performance to the surprise of his customers. the uber driver was filmed by passengers as he sang along to a radio broadcast while driving in boston , america. at first the driver lets the radio take command and pavarotti 's distinctive voice can be heard from within side the cab. at first the driver lets the radio play before he begins singing along to the pavarotti song in perfect tune. he then begins singing along himself -- loudly so that he is audible above the radio and the sounds of the road. while
restaurant critic and festival curator leo schofield , 79 , claimed living in tasmania was the unhappiest time of his life. an australian festival organiser has slammed tasmania as a state full ` dregs , bogans and third-generation morons '. in a scathing article , long time restaurant critic and festival curator leo schofield , 79 , claimed living in tasmania was the unhappiest time of his life and the decade he spent there left him feeling bitter and depressed. ' i think i came very close to either a nervous breakdown or suicide. i just started to fall apart , ' he told fairfax. mr schofield moved
leighton aspell became the first jockey in more than 40 years to win back-to-back grand nationals when many clouds galloped to a famous victory in the aintree sunshine. the 25-1 shot , who was sixth in the cheltenham gold cup , is the first hennessy gold cup winner to land the prestigious prize and in the process ended his trainer oliver sherwood 's wretched record in the race. the lambourn handler had previously saddled four national runners and non of them had even completed the course prior to his eight-year-old 's hard-fought length-and-three quarter defeat of the gallant saint aire. many clouds won the crabbie 's grand national at aintree for trainer
trade was taking place between east asia and the new world hundreds of years before christopher columbus arrived in the area in 1492. this is according to a series of bronze artefacts found at the ` rising whale ' site in cape espenberg , alaska. archaeologists discovered what they believe to be a bronze and leather buckle and a bronze whistle , dating to around a.d. 600. trade was taking place between east asia and the new world hundreds of years before christopher columbus -lrb- left -rrb- arrived in 1492. the discovery was made after archaeologists found what they believe to be a bronze and leather buckle -lrb- right -rrb- , dating to around a.d. 600. bronze-working had
yingying dou ran the essay writing site mymaster. one of australia 's most prestigious universities will review its methods of plagiarism detection after it was claimed dozens of students who paid to have assignments written will not be punished because the university can not identify them. chinese-born yingying dou , 30 , reportedly ran the mymaster website which charged up to $ 1000 per assignment and was used by hundreds of students across 12 nsw universities. the university of sydney was provided with evidence that its students had ordered 40 assignments from the mymaster website after an investigation by fairfax media. but internal emails show just five students have been found guilty
this is the moment a heroic teenage baskin robbins employee in washington punched an armed robber as he tried to steal money from the cash register. rachael bishop , 19 , was working an afternoon shift at the ice cream chain 's lynnwood store when a man wearing a baseball cap and sunglasses came in , unzipped his jacket and showed her he had a gun. bishop said she tried to plead with the man when he ordered her to hand over all the money in the cash register , but when that did n't work she took action. as the man reached into the till , bishop tried to swat his hand away. when that did n't stop him , she started punching him in the head
bolton-born boxer amir khan spent his friday alongside some fellow natural born fighters as he enjoyed a family trip to a safari park in northern california. khan posed alongside , and also fed , a rare but dangerous white tiger as well posing with stunning giraffes and sea lions at six flags discovery kingdom. the 28-year-old was joined by his wife faryal makhdoom khan as well as his daughter lamysa as they all enjoyed some time off. bolton-born boxer amir khan enjoyed a day a safari park with his family in northern california. khan and his wife and daughter pose with a giraffe as they enjoy
-lrb- cnn -rrb- most airline pilots have an above average ability to compartmentalize personal problems. the cockpit is our `` safe '' place. the flight deck is a structured world of black and white. checklists. procedures. standardization. stress from the job is an accepted part of our career. however , sometimes during the course of an airline pilot 's career , or anyone 's career for that matter , stress issues may manifest as depression. depression is treatable. and for airline pilots , it is no longer debilitating to our livelihood. the federal aviation administration now approves certain prescribed medication , allowing us to continue flying until depression is no longer a factor. as the world
this is the amazing scene as a freelance photographer risks his life to capture an image of a hungry lion from just a few feet away. fearless atif saeed , 38 , from lahore , pakistan was in the city 's safari park when he spotted the male lion in the distance. mr saeed got out of his car and crept up towards the hunter armed only with a camera and fired off a few frames. atif saeed crept to within 10 feet of the hungry lion before leaving the safety of his car to lie on the ground. armed only with a camera , mr saeed , managed
no footballer has ever been late for kick-off because he was tied up negotiating a new contract. so , from the start , raheem sterling 's explanation for the end of his conversations with liverpool did not stand up. it is n't the talks that are the distraction. it is the thinking. no player is sat in an office haggling over image rights , only to check his watch at 3.30 pm and bolt out of the door. a player may feel uncertainty about his future. his brain may whirl over where he will play next season. liverpool ? arsenal ? abroad
kansas has become the first state to ban a common second-trimester abortion procedure that critics describe as dismembering a fetus. republican gov. sam brownback , a strong abortion opponent , signed the ` kansas unborn child protection from dismemberment abortion act on tuesday. it takes effect july 1. the law bans the so-called ` dilation and evacuation ' procedure and redefines it as ` dismemberment abortion. ' sam brownback , the governor of kansas , tweeted a photo on tuesday showing him signing the abortion-ban bill into law. kansas abortion opponents have spent years pushing their state to the right on the contentious issue , including this 2013 rally at the steps of
tattoo-loving soldiers in the u.s. army will soon be able to get inked on their arms and legs thanks to changing rules , officials announced wednesday. ink may extend all the way to the wrist once the rules go into effect. regulations about the size and number of tattoos are also set to be dropped , according to sergeant major of the army dan dailey. ` as long as it 's not visible in the army uniform ... that 's the spirit of what we went after , ' dailey told the army times. army chief of staff gen. ray odierno announced
while the debate about whether workers prefer a cubicle over an open office layout , a office furniture company has come up with a design that is possibly a happy medium. steelcase 's the brody worklounge is an effort to preserve the privacy and less distractions given in a cubicle while still being a part of an open office work community. on its company website , steelcase said the brody is designed to be ` good for your body and good for your brain '. scroll down for video. office furniture company steelcase designed the work space seating to provide privacy in an open office setting -lrb- above designs of the brody worklounge -rrb-. the seating
most teens would be mortified to have a parent chaperone their prom - let alone take one of them as a date. but not joy webb. the 17-year-old albertville , alabama high school junior was proud to be escorted by her grandfather to the annual end-of-year dance this weekend. webb told daily mail online that she asked her 80-year-old ` poppa ' james drain to prom because he never got to attend the dance himself. drain dropped out of school after the eighth grade and then enlisted in the navy in 1951 at age 17 - just in time to be shipped off to serve
it is probably fair to say that never before in the history of the masters has a crowd 10 deep assembled around the first tee at 4.20 pm on the first official day of practice. normally by then the estimated 70,000 crowd are streaming happily to the exits , savouring the day they saw amen corner in the flesh and clutching large shopping bags containing millions of dollars-worth of precious masters merchandise. given no phones are allowed in the grounds , how did word spread so quickly that the thing they had waited all day to witness was finally going to happen ? they knew all right. tiger woods returns
giant hailstones the size of plums crashed down over the south on tuesday with residents rushing out to capture the freak weather. twitter user arke usa from bryant , arkansas , filmed the ice balls peppering his backyard and noisily plopping into the swimming pool. footage shows the hailstones coming down at speed , with many cracking as they hit the ground. despite it being around 80-degrees , the compacted lumps prove resilient to the heat taking a good while to melt. in a matter of seconds the patio is completely covered in snow-white pellets. caught on camera : giant hailstones the size of plums crashed down over the south
the fiancé of a beloved georgia teacher is speaking out about the night the woman died , as her killer , a high school student , faces multiple charges. alton hines was waiting for his fiancé , 33-year-old leah o'brien at her home on the night of saturday , april 25 , he told wsbtv. ' i had actually just finished putting on a blazer and a bow tie waiting for her to return , ' he said. popular : leah o'brien was killed when the car she was driving to chaperone the school prom was hit by a vehicle carrying two students also on their way to the dance. fiancé :
facebook has come under fire after removing a video that shows aboriginal women in a traditional ceremony because they were topless. the social media site deemed the clip , which shows two elderly women painted in ochre in a trailer for upcoming abc tv show 8mmm aboriginal radio , as containing ` potentially offensive nudity '. the video had already had 30,000 hits when it was removed after three days on sunday. when the makers of the alice springs-based six part comedy tv series for abc1 posted that facebook had taken the clip off their page , fans commented that it was ` outrageous ' and ` ridiculous '. scroll down for video. the trailer for abc tv show 8mmm aboriginal
ahead of this weekend 's premier league action , sportsmail will be providing you with all you need to know about every fixture , with team news , provisional squads , betting odds and opta stats. here is all the information you need for burnley 's home clash with arsenal ... burnley vs arsenal -lrb- turf moor -rrb-. team news. burnley. burnley midfielder matt taylor could make his return from a seven-and-a-half month achilles injury lay-off against arsenal on saturday. midfielder dean marney and defender kevin long -lrb- both cruciate ligament -rrb- remain on the long-term absentee list. matt taylor -lrb- left -rrb- attempts to track chelsea 's eden hazard in the sides ' opening game of
one of the best spells of spring weather in the last two decades is set to peak today with temperatures in england beating most of the mediterranean. and keep those sunglasses at the ready -- the sunshine is forecast to last until the middle of next week. the mercury is expected to reach 25c -lrb- 77f -rrb- in the south east today. this will beat marseille at 22c -lrb- 72f -rrb- , athens at 21c -lrb- 70f -rrb- , rome at 19c -lrb- 66f -rrb- and madrid at 18c -lrb- 64f -rrb-. temperatures will drop slightly tomorrow as fresher weather arrives but the days will remain sunny until next week.
gregory van der wiel has denied claims that he is set to leave paris saint-germain in the summer and instead reiterated his ` love ' for the club. the dutchman recently had a falling out with his boss laurent blanc after the decision to drop the full back for the champions league clash against chelsea. but van der wiel insists he 's happy in paris and is making no plans to leave the ligue 1 side. gregory van der wiel -lrb- right -rrb- says he 's not interested in leaving paris saint-germain in the summer. the full back had a recent spat with the manager laurent
one season soon , there will be more people watching each premier league match live in the usa than in britain. that is the confident expectation of broadcasting titan nbc , who hold the live rights to show matches stateside and have more than doubled us interest in england 's elite division in the past two years. in 2012-13 , some 13 million different americans watched at least one top-flight english game live. last season that was 32 million -- or more than one in 10 people in the us. this weekend , for the first time , reflecting their boom product , nbc
a jet-setting owl has posted photos from its travels on facebook after it was ` kidnapped ' from a nottinghamshire pub. landlord richard stevenson , 32 , had mascot ollie the owl snatched from the lounge area of the admiral rodney , in nottingham , last month. he thought the # 7.99 ornament had been lost forever until he received a letter in the post on march 6 demanding a donation to charity for its safe return. those responsible for the theft even created a facebook page to keep fans updated about ollie 's adventures since being snatched. the owl has been pictured sunning itself on a beach after it was ` kidnapped ' from a nottingham pub. the wooden
until now , tom sturridge has been best known as the long-haired hipster who finally tamed sienna miller. yet this year it looks as though the 29-year-old actor , who counts robert pattinson and andrew garfield among his best friends , could be set to become more famous than his a-list fiancee. not only is the london-born actor wowing the west end in american buffalo , he 's about to step into the costume drama void left by aidan turner 's poldark , when he plays sergeant troy to carey mulligan 's bathsheba in the hotly-anticipated new adaptation of far from the madding crowd. scroll down for video. tom sturridge the fiance of sienna miller could be set to overtake his partner in the fame stakes this year as he
the mother of a baby born with deformed hands and feet in china is pleading for her husband to come home -- four months after he told her he was going out to earn money for the girl 's surgery. worried jiang min says she has now run out of cash and ca n't even afford food , let alone medical treatment , for baby mengyu and their older daughter. she told people 's daily online : ` doctors said it 's best for mengyu to have her operation between the age of four to six months. ` but she is now six-and-a-half months and we simply do not have the money for her
ever since pippa. middleton and kim sears stepped out armed with their trusty aspinal of london handbags , they have fast became the season 's must-have arm candy. but if the marylebone tote 's super slick design and clutch of celebrity fans was n't enough , it just got better. the british brand has called on international style icon olivia palermo to design a limited edition handbag. olivia palermo , who found fame on reality tv show the city , has teamed up with luxury british brand aspinal of london to design a tote. aspianal of london olivia palermo limited edition marylebone tote. limited edition - hurry up ! visit site. with pippa middleton and victoria beckham both being long term devotees ,
u.s. secretary of state john kerry and iranian foreign minister mohammad javad zarif met monday for the first time since world powers and iran sealed a framework agreement on april 2 that would limit iran 's ability to build a nuclear weapon. they now have little more than two months to meet their own deadline of june 30 to sign a comprehensive accord , which hinges on both sides coming to an agreement on the timing of sanctions relief. the obama administration moved on two fronts today to advance its nuclear diplomacy with iran , with talks between top u.s. and iranian diplomats at a united nations conference in new york and an aggressive effort to sell the emerging deal to skeptical american lawmakers and constituencies in washington. in this
-lrb- cnn -rrb- it 's a girls ' universe. on wednesday , dc entertainment , warner bros. and mattel announced a partnership to launch dc super hero girls , featuring familiar superheroes and supervillains as `` relatable teens , '' according to a press release. -lrb- like cnn , dc and warner bros. are units of time warner. -rrb-. the characters involved include wonder woman , supergirl , batgirl , harley quinn and poison ivy , among others. though initial reaction on social media appeared favorable -- `` my daughter will be a big fan i think , '' wrote nerdgallagher -- praise was n't universal. `` just
waiting times to be seen in a&e have soared to their worst level in more than 10 years , official figures revealed this morning. in the first three months of the year , 434,775 people waited longer than four hours in hospital emergency wards - some 4,830 patients every day. over the past year , more than 1.4 million people were forced to wait longer than the target time -- compared to just 353,000 in 2009/10 -- the worst on record since 2004. over the past year , more than 1.4 million people were forced to wait longer than the target time -- compared
dawn was breaking as we pulled out of calvi station , and the town 's medieval citadel , perched on a headland , was bathed in the rosy glow of the first rays of sunlight. trundling along the coast on the narrow-gauge railway , i was heading deep into the mountains of central corsica for a self-guided walking trip. ` are you doing the gr20 ? ' was the question on everyone 's lips as soon as they spotted my hiking boots. i responded with an emphatic ` non '. the trail , which runs down the mountainous spine of the island , happens
-lrb- cnn -rrb- eleven channels associated with the french-language global television network tv5monde went black late wednesday due to an `` extremely powerful cyberattack , '' the network 's director said. in addition to its 11 channels , tv5monde also temporarily lost control of its social media outlets and its websites , director yves bigot said in a video message posted later on facebook. on a mobile site , which was still active , the network said it was `` hacked by an islamist group. '' isis logos and markings could be seen on some tv5monde social media accounts. but there was no immediate claim of responsibility by isis or
while the countdown for andrew chan and myuran sukumaran 's impending execution has begun , many are still holding out a glimmer of hope and calling for mercy during nation-wide vigils. over 300 people gathered at sydney harbour for a candlelight vigil in front of a huge flower wall reading ' #keephopealive ' on monday night. brisbane , melbourne and perth also saw hoards of people congregate to show solidarity for the condemned duo. scroll down for video. while the countdown is on for andrew chan and myuran sukumaran 's execution , many are still holding a glimmer of hope and attending nation-wide vigils. the two men are set to be executed just after the
the owner of an auto repair shop in michigan has become the latest business owner to claim his religious views should allow him to be able to refuse serving gay customers. brian klawiter posted a message on his company 's facebook page on tuesday in which he announced that openly gay people are not welcome at his business because he considers homosexuality to be wrong. ' i would not hesitate to refuse service to an openly gay person or persons , ' he wrote. ` homosexuality is wrong , period. if you want to argue this fact with me then i will put your vehicle together with all bolts and no nuts and you can see how
the leaked sony emails are now claiming more victims just days after wikileaks published thousands of the documents and made them easier to search. this time it is bruce jenner , whose alleged gender transition is mocked by the generally soft-spoken and affable cameron crowe. this in an email conversation the director was having with former studio head amy pascal. scroll down for video. in a leaked sony email cameron crowe -lrb- above -rrb- mocks bruce jenner 's gender transition. he makes a joking reference to jenner 's -lrb- above -rrb- transition while speaking with amy pascal -lrb- right -rrb-. while discussing his upcoming film aloha , which
st etienne want to sign cardiff full-back kevin theophile-catherine on a permanent deal. the 25-year-old signed for cardiff from stade rennais for # 2.1 million but has been on loan with st etienne this season. they have an option to make the deal permanent for # 1.5 million but theophile-catherine wants to see if there are other options before committing. he has two years left on contract at cardiff. st etienne defender kevin theophile-catherine shields the ball from psg forward zlatan ibrahimovic. st etienne , meanwhile , will not take up an option to sign norwich striker ricky van wolfswinkel on a permanent deal. the dutchman scored only one
why do people kill ? a manhattan real estate publicist and freelance writer has been penning letters to murderers behind bars to find out exactly what makes them tick. kelly kreth , 44 , told dailymail.com that after having a traumatic encounter with a sociopath in her own life she became inspired to learn about the inner workings of a criminal mind. six years and 600 prison letters later , kreth says she 's learned that a sociopath is a person ` who wants to feel like the smartest person in the room. ' her own trauma : kelly kreth told dailymail.com that after having a traumatic encounter with a sociopath in her own life she became inspired to learn about the inner workings of a criminal mind. conceptual prison : in order to make initial contact with the prisoners
a man has spent a year losing 70lbs so he could donate his kidney to his wife. pj spraggins was delighted when he discovered he was a perfect match for wife tracy , who was told her life-long battle with lupus would kill her if she did n't get a transplant. the waiting list is seven years long. but the next day the couple from birmingham , alabama , were dealt a blow : his blood pressure was too high to perform the operation. refusing to accept the diagnosis , pj embarked on a relentless fitness regime. finally , in december 2014 , they got the green light. in february , they went under the knife together. scroll down for video. transformation : pj and tracy spraggins -lrb- pictured ,
nigel farage has abandoned hopes of winning dozens of seats at the general election and is now targeting just ten , it can be revealed. ukip , which will today unveil its manifesto , has reduced the number of constituencies where it is concentrating resources as it loses ground in the polls. a party strategist said ` something extraordinary ' would now need to happen for it to win in places outside its target list. nigel farage has abandoned hopes of winning dozens of seats at the general election and is now targeting just ten. south thanet , kent -lrb- majority : con 7,617 -rrb-. clacton , essex -lrb- ukip 12,404 -rrb-. rochester &
tomas berdych advanced to the semi-finals of the monte carlo masters for the third time on friday after opponent milos raonic retired with a foot injury. raonic called a trainer after dropping serve for the second time to trail 5-2 in the first. following a short discussion with the doctor , who had a close look at his strapped right foot , the big-serving canadian went to see berdych on the other side of the court to inform him of his decision to give up. tomas berdych advanced to the semi-finals of the monte carlo masters following milos raonic 's injury. raonic had
siobhan-marie o'connor won gold in the 200 metres individual medley at the british championships to ensure qualification for the world championships this summer. o'connor 's time of two minutes 09:51 seconds was the fastest recorded in the world this year and came comfortably inside the world championships qualification mark of 2:10:20. hannah miley took the silver medal with a time of 2:11:65 and aimee willmott claimed bronze in 2:13:30. siobhan-marie o'connor celebrates with second-placed hannah miley -lrb- left -rrb- and third-placed aimee willmott. o'connor , who is the reigning commonwealth champion , was short of her 2:08.21 personal best - a
alastair campbell famously said the blair government ` did n't do god '. but david cameron and wife samantha have made a colourful visit to a sikh temple as part of a general election tour. the prime minister , wearing a traditional orange patka , and mrs cameron , in a blue headscarf , chatted and posed for selfies at the gravesend gurdwara in kent earlier today. scroll down for video. the prime minister and his wife joined worshippers at the gravesend gurdwara in kent today in traditional sikh dress. mrs cameron chatted with a young boy and his mother at the temple. the visit was designed to reach out to a wider
you 'd think that being a chef , i 'd want to escape the toils of the kitchen while on holiday - but the opposite is true. i jump at the chance to experience new flavours and gather fresh inspiration. and where better to tickle your tastebuds than in glorious grenada ? the island is known for its zesty spices and self-sufficiency - the only food it imports is milk. heading west : rosemary spent a week on grenada , where fresh foodstuffs like cocoa fruit are easily available. meat and fish are plentiful and , because the soil is very fertile , the vegetables , fruit and salads are the glossiest you 'll
police are using tiny plastic lego figures in a campaign to warn people about the rising tide of housebreakings in scotland. officers from police scotland 's edinburgh division -- which has seen break-ins soar by nearly 40 per cent -- posted pictures of the lego models on their facebook page as part of a move to raise awareness of crime. last night , victims branded the move as ` insensitive ' and ` a joke '. hands up : plastic lego figures are being used by police as part of a quirky campaign to warn people about the dangers of housebreaking. but the move received a backlash , with victims branding it as ' a joke ' the police internet posting showed scenes of lego criminals attempting to break into people 's homes
manny pacquiao took time out of his busy schedule to hang out with saved by the bell actor mario lopez , otherwise known as ac slater , and nba superstar jeremy lin. pacquiao said of meeting los angeles lakers guard lin : ` thank you @jlin7 for coming to show your support. thank for showing your love for the lord and being a good example. ' the filipino appears to be in fine fettle ahead of his highly-anticipated showdown against floyd mayweather with pacquiao taking to social media to show off his ripped physique. manny pacquiao poses for a picture with nba superstar jeremy lin and saved by the bell actor mario lopez. pacquiao took to instagram
truck drivers in victoria are dealing drugs from the behind the wheel of 60-tonne rigs , using secretive codes over their radio systems. in a report issued to the herald sun , victoria police revealed that there is a distribution network of speed , ice and marijuana operating in the trucking industry and one in every 12 truckies tested positive for drugs while out on the road. speaking to the publication , a former melbourne truck driver said his colleagues were taking drugs regularly , and meeting areas were often set up between drivers over radios using codes , where drugs were then handed out. scroll down for video. a new report has shown that truck drivers in victoria are dealing drugs from the behind the wheel of 60-tonne rigs , using secretive codes
police were making their final security checks outside st. mary 's hospital in paddington today , as the birth of the duke and duchess of cambridge 's second child approaches. with kate 's due date is just over three days away , officers were out in force , pulling lamp posts apart as they scoured the area for anything troubling. the police were watched by a small but growing group of royal fans , many of whom had set up camp on a set of benches and had decorated the area with posters and bunting. scroll down for video. ready to go : john loughrey takes a nap on his makeshift bed outside the lindo wing in paddington. patriotic : royal fan terry hut takes a break on mr loughrey 's bench. festive : mr hut sits with another veteran royal fan , margaret tyler , 71. leading the pack
one very good player moves out and another very good player moves in. atletico madrid supporters have stopped fretting about departures because they have good reason to be confident in the people that run the club and their ability to find adequate replacements. in goal sergio asenjo became david de gea , became thibaut courtois , who looks to have become jan oblak. playmaker diego ribas became arda turan. while centre-forward diego forlan became sergio aguero , became radamel falcao , became diego costa who has now become that bloodied battering-ram mario mandzukic. atletico madrid know how to replace stars , from david de gea
holocaust survivors have gathered at the site of the former bergen-belsen concentration camp to commemorate the anniversary of its liberation. more than 72,000 camp inmates and prisoners of war died at the nazi camp including diarist anne frank and her older sister margot. british soldiers liberated the camp on april 15 , 1945. today , seventy years on , hundreds of people sobbed as they laid flowers and flags as memorials. scroll down for video. survivor marie vaislic from france sits on a mass grave reading ' 1000 dead rest here ' after the ceremony. it was held to mark the 70th anniversary of the liberation of the bergen-belsen concentration camp in northern germany. officials also attended the ceremony including joachim gauck , the german president
frances bean cobain has admitted she 's not a big fan of her dad 's music in a candid new interview. speaking to rolling stone magazine about her documentary kurt cobain : montage of heck , the frontman 's daughter revealed she 's not really into nirvana. ' i do n't really like nirvana that much , ' she said. ` sorry , promotional people , universal. ' scroll down for video. nevermind : frances bean cobain , pictured here in september , has revealed she is n't a huge fan of her late father kurt 's music. saint laurent babies 40 suede boots. buy at net a porter. visit site. she 's the daughter of the once ultimate rock power
an impoverished father has revealed that he plans to sell his own kidney to fund life-saving treatment for his three morbidly-obese children. sisters yogita rameshbhai nandwana , five , and anisha , three , and their 18-month-old brother harsh , are among the world 's heaviest young children. weighing 5st 5lbs -lrb- 34kg -rrb- , 7st 8lbs -lrb- 48kg -rrb- and 2st 5lbs -lrb- 15kg -rrb- respectively , the food they eat in a week is enough to feed two families in a month. now their father rameshbhai nandwana , 34 , of gurjarat , india , is planning to sell his kidney to earn the money needed to see top specialists. he said : ` if my kids continue to grow at this rapid rate they will have major health issues. we 're
a couple who married in their teens and suffer from cystic fibrosis are in a race against time as the young wife waits for a life-saving lung transplant. katie prager , 24 , was diagnosed with an infection in her lungs in september 2009 and is desperately in need of a transplant as doctors predicted she would not live a year without new lungs. as her health continues to decline , her husband dalton , 23 , who has already received new lungs , is pleading for help. her insurance company , kentucky medicaid , will not pay for the out-of-state treatment she needs at the university of pittsburgh medical center , he says. dalton pleaded : `
for many women they are a lifestyle essential prone to a fair amount of wear and tear over time. but now well-heeled handbag lovers are paying as much as # 200 to give their over-loved bags the equivalent of a spa treatment at a luxury new handbag clinic in chelsea. the unusual boutique has opened on a fashionable west london high street to cater to the needs of well-heeled clientele who want to restore their bags to their former glory. scroll down for video. handbag lovers are paying as much as # 200 to give their over-loved bags the equivalent of a spa treatment at a luxury new handbag clinic in chelsea. pictured : an hermes bag -lrb- left -rrb- and
if the team with momentum hold an ace card heading into the play-offs , then watch out for wolves. kenny jackett 's team moved into sixth place in the championship with a fourth successive victory after david edwards , the substitute , headed home two minutes from the end of an unpredictable and thrilling game. pre-match results had offered wolves a prospective route into the play-off zone , with brentford and ipswich town dropping points unexpectedly , and kenny jackett reflected the burgeoning confidence within molineux by naming an unchanged starting line-up from the side that prevailed 2-1 at nottingham forest on
barcelona ace neymar scored twice as barcelona cruised past ligue 1 giants paris saint-germain at the nou camp. the brazilian was on hand to embarrass fellow countryman david luiz as the former chelsea defender endured a horrendous evening in spain. rik sharma sorted the best from the rest during the champions league clash at the nou camp ... barcelona. marc-andre ter stegen 6.5 : called into action for the first time by zlatan ibrahimovic in the second half and dealt with the swede 's powerful drive well , before fielding an ezequiel lavezzi strike too. one of the quietest evenings he will have. dani alves 7.5 : wound back the years to give everyone a reminder of why he
looking after a newborn baby is one of the most exhausting periods in a woman 's life. you have n't recovered from giving birth and are suddenly on duty 24/7 , responsible for entertaining , feeding and cleaning an unstoppable machine. on top of this , the mothers have to deal with the never-ending conveyor belt of friends and family who are desperate to see the new addition. looking after a newborn is one of the most exhausting periods in life -lrb- picture posed by model -rrb-. well-meaning visitors arrive at the house armed with gifts for the baby and plenty of compliments.
a mysterious easter bunny has delivered chocolate eggs to every house in a village of 3,000 people. residents from alderholt , dorset , woke to discover a chocolate egg on their doorsteps. rob wood , 67 , said : ` it is just such a lovely gesture. every house in the village got one as far as we are aware. local
the days of the weather man could be numbered. researchers from london and edinburgh are developing a computer that can collate meteorological information and then produce forecasts as if they were written by a human. useing a process known as ` natural language generation ' -lrb- nlg -rrb- , it has the potential to one day be used in humanoid robots on our tv screens. the days of weather presenters -lrb- stock image -rrb- could be numbered. researchers from london and edinburgh have developed a computer that can collate meterological information and then produce forecasts as if they were written by a human. it uses a process known
as the weather gets warmer many of us will dust off our large and cumbersome bladed fans. but panasonic has developed a lighter , smaller and more powerful alternative that can blow out seven times more air than it sucks in. the sokaze-ki q uses fluid dynamics to take air in at the rear of the 10-inch -lrb- 25cm -rrb- device , move it through specially designed channels before blasting it from the front via a turbofan. panasonic japan , which designed the device , said that once the turbofan has moved the air flow to the front of the device , a ` high-pressure jet airflow ' creates straight , direct blasts of air. alternatively , the q has a ' 1/f fluctuation ' function that reduces
veteran cbs news ` face the nation ' moderator bob schieffer announced tuesday at the texas journalism school named for him that he 'll be retiring this summer. it 's not his first retirement announcement but , at age 78 , looks like it has a good chance of sticking. schieffer was speaking to students at an annual symposium that bears his name at texas christian university 's schieffer school of journalism in fort worth , his alma mater. ` it 's been a great adventure , ' schieffer said at the college. ` you know , i 'm one of the luckiest people in
kansas is one signature away from telling poor families that it 's illegal to use their welfare payments to buy alcohol , tobacco and pornography , to visit strip clubs or tattoo shops , and to take vacation cruises or gamble on dog or horse races. swimming pools , jewelry and lingerie stores , psychics , movie theatre , nail salons , massage parlors , bars and theme parks will also be forbidden territory for the first time , if republican gov. sam brownback signs a bill that hit his desk last week. the proposal would also give the force of state law to some of brownback 's policies , including one that requires ` temporary cash assistance
-lrb- cnn -rrb- remains of up to nearly 400 unaccounted for service members tied to the uss oklahoma at pearl harbor will be exhumed this year , the defense department announced tuesday. the hope is that most of the battleship 's sailors and marines can be identified. `` the secretary of defense and i will work tirelessly to ensure your loved one 's remains will be recovered , identified , and returned to you as expeditiously as possible , and we will do so with dignity , respect and care , '' deputy secretary of defense bob work said in a statement. `` while not all
the naked bodies of a young couple were found stuffed in boxes in india after becoming victims of a suspected honour killing. locals discovered the dead pair , believed to be in their mid to late 20s , in separate metal trunks in a public park in haryana state , around 30 miles south of new delhi. police said the man 's legs had been chopped off and put inside the trunk , while his partner was found wearing a set of glass bangles traditionally worn by newlywed women. macabre : the naked bodies of a young couple are found stuffed in boxes in a northern indian state , the suspected victims of an honour killing. ` it appears they were strangulated and dumped here later.
if there 's one thing that stops a boiled egg from being the perfect food - it 's the hassle of peeling it. more often than not the process will leave you with fragments of shell in your fingers , on the kitchen counter and sometimes even in your food. but one canny youtube user , micahmedia , has uploaded a video demonstrating the simplest and swiftest way to peel a hardboiled egg - using a glass of water. scroll down for video. the hard-boiled egg is placed in a glass -lrb- left -rrb- before it is filled quarter of the way with tap water -lrb- right -rrb-. he pops the hardboiled egg into a small tumbler glass before filling it a
-lrb- cnn -rrb- feeling so happy you just ca n't stand it ? you might want to pop some acetaminophen. a new study has found that acetaminophen , the main ingredient in tylenol , most forms of midol and more than 600 other medicines , reduces not only pain but pleasure , as well. the authors of the study , which was published this week in psychological science , say that it was already known that acetaminophen blunted psychological pain. but their new research led them to the conclusion that it also blunted joy -- in other words , that it narrowed the range of feelings experienced. `` this means that using tylenol or similar products might have broader consequences than previously thought , '' said geoffrey durso , a doctoral
most of us spend our time dreaming and saving for our next holiday , but meet the woman who gets to travel the world reviewing the best hotels , beds , pools and room service for her job. travel photographer rhiannon taylor , 29 , from australia has turned her photography skills and penchant for globetrotting into a business , launching a website called ` in bed with '. travelling the world to review and photograph the most luxurious accommodations , the avid instagrammer has turned her social media success into a growing company. scroll down for video. dream job :
daley blind has hailed a pre-match team talk from skipper wayne rooney about ending their run of four successive losses against city with giving the united players an extra edge on sunday. ` it was a thing what was always in our minds. it was going through the team. everyone knew how important this game was , not only because it 's a rat race in the last games , but also because of the history of the last four games , ' he said. ` wayne rooney mentioned that in the dressing room before the game to all the players and it is something that you have in mind when you go on to the pitch. you saw how everyone was fighting for each other.
us authorities suspected that a british man accused this week of causing the 2010 ` flash crash ' was making illicit trades back in 2009 it 's been revealed , with experts expressing shock that it took six years for charges to be brought. navinder singh sarao , 36 , is accused of making # 26million from illegal trades over five years and an investigation team involving six agencies in the us and britain want him put on trial in new york. but analysts are bewildered that it 's taken this long for action to be taken. us authorities suspected that british man navinder singh sarao -lrb- circled -rrb- accused this week
the case of a british woman allegedly murdered by her pastor husband in ghana took an astonishing twist last week when a court was told that she died of a heroin overdose. hotel staff found the body of pregnant charmain speirs face-down in a bath where it is believed she had been lying for four days. her husband eric isaiah adusah -- a self-proclaimed prophet and evangelical preacher -- has been charged with her murder. pastor eric isaiah adusah has been charged with the murder of his pregnant wife , charmaine spears. ms speirs and mr adusah , who were married last september , were said to have argued during
the rev. robert h. schuller , the southern california televangelist and author who beamed his upbeat messages on faith and redemption to millions from his landmark crystal cathedral only to see his empire crumble in his waning years , has died. he was 88. schuller died early thursday at a care facility in artesia , daughter carol schuller milner said. in 2013 , he was diagnosed with a tumor in his esophagus that had spread to his lymph nodes and began treatment. once a charismatic and well-known presence on the televangelist circuit , schuller faded from view in recent years after watching his church collapse amid a disastrous leadership transition and sharp declines in viewership and donations that ultimately forced the ministry to
the cyclone strength winds currently battering the nsw coast are being caused by an intense low-pressure system known as an east coast low. the stormy weather system , formed in the tasman sea , has n't hit nsw this strong since 2007 and is expected to be one of the longest lasting ever. east coast lows are particularly common in june and tend to be more frequent in autumn and winter. they are characterised by gales or storm force winds that can damage buildings , fell trees and powerlines , cause powerful surf that can damage the coast and , in some cases , run ships aground.
louis van gaal has won a battle to install floodlights at the club 's carrington training ground. the meticulous manchester united boss was stunned to find that players could not train after dark at the swish complex on the outskirts of the city when he arrived last summer. he immediately ordered a raft of improvements including the installation of floodlights. sportsmail understands van gaal is very keen to replicate match conditions during sessions. manchester united manager louis van gaal looks on during a training session alongside wayne rooney. an aerial view of manchester united 's swish carrington training base without its floodlights. the manchester united boss was stunned
sipping a glass of glorious red wine which has been carefully aged in a hand-crafted oak barrel is my idea of heaven. but until now the only way to enjoy a tipple with that gorgeous authentic taste that can only develop through spending years in a special wooden cask has been to pay through the nose. the second i see the word ` spicy ' on a bottle label -lrb- which suggests an oaky flavouring -rrb- , i instantly know the price will be much higher. a # 5 bottle has suddenly become # 12 because the wine has lingered in an oak barrel before bottling. so when i read this
most 25-year-old 's would prefer to receive clothing or some of the latest dvd 's and video games but not daley blind , who was given a large self-portrait of himself and former holland international father danny. the manchester united star , whose birthday was in march , posted a picture of the impressive painting on his instagram , which includes images of the father and son together. the caption read : ` my late birthday gift just arrived ! but it was worth waiting for ! amazing ! thanks mom & dad !! #inspiration. ' daley blind showed off the impressive portrait that his parents gave him as a late birthday present. blind has been a key figure for united
fired : stephen hogger , pictured , was sacked after apparently falling out with senior church figures. as the congregation of st peter and st paul church filed in for the easter sunday service , thoughts naturally turned to the meaning of sacrifice. but little did they know it would be put into action by the entire choir moments later. a letter handed out to the stunned churchgoers revealed the 13 choristers were quitting en masse in ` solidarity ' over the sacking of music director stephen hogger. the walkout means it will be the first time in 200 years that
europe 's oldest mcdonald 's worker has celebrated his 90th birthday with colleagues. bill dudley is still ` lovin ' it ' and has no plans to quit the fast-food joint in mold , flintshire , north wales. ` it helps me stay young and i just keep going , ' said bill , who has worked there for the last nine years. bill dudley , europe 's oldest mcdonald 's employee , celebrating his 90th birthday at the outlet in mold , flintshire , where he works two days a week. great grandfather and second world war veteran bill celebrates his special with fellow employees at mcdonald 's in mold. he joined the
millionaire real estate heir robert durst has pleaded not guilty to two weapons charges related to his arrest last month , further delaying his extradition to california to face murder charges. durst entered his plea during an arraignment in a new orleans court on weapons charges that accused him of possessing a firearm after a felony conviction and possessing both a firearm and an illegal drug , marijuana. durst 's hands were shackled to his sides , and two defense attorneys lifted him from an armchair to his feet to walk to the podium. unlikely to face charges in california anytime soon : robert durst , 71
this will prove yet another bitter pill for saracens to swallow. the hurt of losing back-to-back european and domestic finals last year took mark mccall 's men all of last summer and a good chunk of this season to overcome. this time they must lick their wounds and refocus their efforts on the aviva premiership after coming up short against clermont. clermont warm up in front of their supporters at stade geoffroy-guichard in saint-etienne. clermont centre wesley fofana attempts an offload following a crunching hit from marcelo bosch. saracens flanker maro itojie secures a loose ball on the deck during a tight first half of action. there should be no shame in
clearly baffled and obviously just the tiniest bit irked , alan stubbs simply did n't know what to make of peter houston. or , more accurately , the falkirk manager 's sudden escalation of post-match comments into an all-out conflict. back-track or snap right back at him ? stress the good intentions and best wishes he feels towards falkirk , or defend his team against the insinuation that they 're a bunch of weak-willed tippy-tap merchants who ca n't defend crosses ? in the space of 10 minutes on monday , the hibs boss did placatory -- ` i have a lot of respect for peter and what he 's done ' -- and followed it with accusatory , as in
delhi -lrb- cnn -rrb- an international human rights group is calling for an independent investigation of the killings by police of 20 suspected red sandalwood smugglers in southeastern india. `` there must be a criminal investigation to determine whether the police used excessive force , and whether the killings amount to ` fake encounters , ' or staged extrajudicial executions '' , said abhirr vp , of amnesty international india. `` the police are not above the law , and must not be treated like they are. '' those responsible should be brought to justice , according to amnesty. `` lethal force should not
iona costello 's stepson , george costello jr , 45 , was staying nearby at the time. he also has a long history of drug arrests -lrb- mugshot from april -rrb-. the stepson of a long island mother who went missing with her daughter last month has a long criminal record and was jailed again just days after she disappeared , a report suggests. george costello jr is currently in jail in florida on apparently unrelated charges and has been described by relatives as a ` mixed-up ' kid. ' iona costello , 51 , and daughter emily were visiting manhattan when they
bizarre pictures have emerged of two models posing seductively with a giant brown bear as part of an anti-hunting campaign. the photos , taken in a forest outside moscow in russia , show maria sidorova and lidia fetisova hugging and kissing the 650kg bear , named stephen. organisers wanted to highlight the importance of living ` side-by-side ' with bears and to discourage hunting - but in one picture , a model was shown wearing a fur coat. scroll down for video. bizarre : despite the anti-hunting message , one of the models , lidia fetisova , was pictured wearing a fur coat
a man shot himself dead at the universal studios theme park in hollywood , california. the man , who has not been named , turned a gun on himself at the amusement park around 2:15 pm friday afternoon , not far from visiting children and families. he was standing in a smoking area behind the despicable me minion mayhem ride at the time , according to reports. chaos : crowds were seen running around universal studios in hollywood , california , not long after the shooting. smoking area : the man was said to have shot himself in a secluded part of the theme park , near a depiscable me-themed ride. the los angeles sheriff 's department say they arrived at
when it comes to personal style and individuality , self-proclaimed ` weirdo ' lena dunham is something of an expert -- and now , she 's encouraging young girls around the world to let their freak flags fly , and to follow their passions without conforming to the opinions of any ` insecure ' critics. the 28-year-old girls star has penned an essay for seventeen magazine titled ` why i 'm on team weirdo for life ' , in which she recounted the regrettable moment when she yielded to the pressure to be a ` regular ' girl by altering her appearance. ' i was a bona fide weirdo in high school , '
hong kong -lrb- cnn -rrb- when she was growing up , mui thomas , wanted to be a fashion model -- not an unusual aspiration for a young girl. but mui suffers from a rare genetic condition that leaves the skin on her face and body red raw and open to infection. `` i really do n't think i knew that i did n't look like everybody else , '' she says. she was born with harlequin ichthyosis , which means her skin is extremely thick , dry and flaky -- resembling fish scales. she ca n't sweat but she can shed tears. on the day we speak , her appearance raises few eyebrows at her local starbucks in
retiring 20-time jump jockey ap mccoy has fired a borrowed phrase from great olympian sir steve redgrave back at those who think he might perform a u-turn and reverse his plans to walk away from the sport. the 40-year-old rider , who has two final rides at sandown on saturday , said : ` to be fair to steve redgrave , you have to put your body through physical torture to try and win a fifth gold medal in boat. ' i can ride for pleasure and hopefully it will be less dangerous than it was when i was competing. ` no , that wo n't be happening -lrb- riding -rrb-. i 'm much too stubborn
when dulwich picture gallery began discussing the idea of introducing a fake painting to their collection , no-one could have imagined it would have led to the quadrupling of visitor numbers. but that is exactly what happened when jean-honoré fragonard 's 18th-century work young woman was replaced by a hand-painted replica , produced in china and ordered over the internet for # 70. it has hung in among 270 old master paintings since february 10 after a challenge was laid down to the public to ` spot the fake '. now , three months on , the gallery has revealed that only 10 per cent of the 3,000 people who visited during the experiment guessed correctly. scroll down for video. can you
sir james munby says parents should use the ` carrot and the stick ' approach to getting their children to do things they do n't want to do. the job of parents is to make their children do the things they do not want to do , the country 's most senior family law judge said yesterday. mothers and fathers should use the ` carrot and the stick ' approach to make children do the things they find boring or difficult -- from going to the dentist to doing their homework , sir james munby said. he suggested confiscating mobiles and electronic gadgets , grounding teenagers , and ` threats falling short of brute force ' as suitable methods for parents to get their way. the price of failure , the judge
a mother whose twins were born so early they spent their first two months in intensive care has revealed she almost lost her son mason a second time after he contracted an extremely rare virus. lauren perry , 25 , had her waters break just 23 weeks into her pregnancy , and doctors feared the worst. her twins mason and chloe were delivered early via an emergency caesarean at 30 weeks. lauren perry 's -lrb- right -rrb- son , mason -lrb- pictured with sister chloe and dad mitch window -rrb- , contracted a flesh-eating disease. but the parents ' fears for the lives of their newborns did not end there.
petrol heads , take note. the world 's best road has just been announced. there are few things as thrilling as accelerating past breathtaking countryside views , and now we know where to find the most thrilling stretch of tarmac possible. the n-222 road from peso de regua to pinhao in portugal has been awarded the prestigious honour. the n-222 road from peso de regua to pinhao in portugal has been awarded best road in the world. the highway has been named the best in the world for its location , cutting through the heart of the stunning douro valley and the spectacular views it provides
london -lrb- cnn -rrb- time 's running out for britons to decide who they 'll back , as polling booths prepare to open across the country in an election that could change the political landscape. it 's been a blink-and-you-miss-it campaign , especially by u.s. standards , where candidates can take years to finesse their messages. the election could result in the handing of power from david cameron 's conservative government to the labour party , led by ed miliband -- or a frenzy of wrangling from leaders as they attempt to forge alliances with smaller parties. but that 's all to come when polls close late thursday evening , local time. very strict rules govern the reporting of uk elections , but until they kick in , here are some things you should know -- who are the candidates , what are the issues , who 's likely to win , why bacon sandwiches matter , what is `` ukip ''
an eagle demonstrated its footwork after gate-crashing a football team 's training session and enjoying a solo kick-about. filmed in north vancouver , the bird - which appears to be a golden eagle , despite some speculation that it is a young bald - is captured standing over a football during its try-out before giving it a slight peck with its beak. after standing and shaking its head , the big bird then moves forwards and rolls the ball to the left with its foot. the bird interrupts the training session by approaching a football and giving it a peck before enjoying a kick-about. excited by the movement , it runs after it
for ronny deila , qualification for the champions league is not all about the money. but there are now 16million reasons for the norwegian to take celtic there by leading the team to a fourth successive title. and all of them involve pound signs. this week uefa confirmed their ` cash cycle ' for the next three years of european competition. the last time celtic reached the champions league group stage , in 2013-14 when they faced ac milan , ajax and barcelona , they won one match and earned # 12.6 m. the same performance -- or better -- next season would
jon stewart will host his last show on august 6 after he revealed that he decided to quit because he was becoming increasing depressed watching cable news. departing host jon stewart has revealed he will present his final the daily show on august 6. he kept things lighthearted by talking about how sentimental it will be and joked that he would dress well for his swan song. he said : ' i mentioned to you that i would keep you up to date on any new information we had about the transition of the programme and all those other things. ` we do have some specific information. my last daily show program will august 6. ' i will be wearing a suit , i will more than likely be showered. ' he
garissa , kenya -lrb- cnn -rrb- first came the gunshots. then the footsteps , as al-shabaab militants followed her into her dorm room. cynthia cheroitich went into a closet , covering herself with clothes. her two roommates hid under their beds , until the gunmen called them out. '' -lrb- the gunmen -rrb- told them if you do n't know to read to them in the muslim word , whatever , and then you lie down , '' cheroitich told cnn. `` and then , if you know , you go to the other side. '' the 19-year-old student at kenya 's
just over a year ago , adam johnson sat in a room with journalists at the stadium of light and talked about england and the forthcoming world cup. he was n't sharing his opinion as a former international , but as one who genuinely hoped his exile was about to come to a deserved end. johnson -- scorer of seven goals in as many matches for sunderland -- believed he was worthy of a recall , 21 months on from a five-minute cameo in norway 's ullevaal stadium during a euro 2012 warm-up friendly. adam johnson -lrb- right -rrb- was accompanied by his lawyer as he was charged with three counts of sexual activity
manchester city have defended price hikes after some fans saw the cost of their season tickets almost double. a number of fans in the east stand at the etihad stadium have been informed that their # 885 season cards will rocket to # 1,750. but the club say that is because the seats have been upgraded and now come with a different package. some etihad season tickets have seen their price double , despite empty seats at times this season. some fans will now have to pay over # 1,700 to watch manuel pellegrini 's side , up from just # 885. they also point out that they still have 8,000 seats below manchester united 's cheapest offering. some of the fans affected claim city , who face a
crystal palace midfielder jason puncheon appeared to be struck by an object during his side 's 2-1 over manchester city. puncheon , who scored what turned out to be the winning goal for the eagles , appeared to be struck by a maoam sweet during monday night 's match at selhurst park. the 28-year-old was making his way to take a corner in front of the travelling manchester city fans when he was hit by the flying object during the second half. crystal palace midfielder jason puncheon claps in the direction of manchester city 's travelling supporters. puncheon sarcastically puts his thumbs up towards city fans after objects were thrown in his direction.
it seems to happen after every single world cup that someone near to the top of english cricket gets the sack. whether it be duncan fletcher , david lloyd , whoever , someone always seems to pay the price for our abject failure to compete on the global one-day stage. paul downton is just the latest victim. it is high time that we looked at the entire structure of english cricket and the reasons we are incapable of producing the types of cricketer required to succeed in international one-day cricket. paul downton has left his role as managing director of england and wales cricket board. moores -lrb- from left to right -rrb- , downton and england captain alastair
-lrb- cnn -rrb- a florida judge denied a motion by two women to join a lawsuit against prince andrew and a prominent u.s. lawyer that alleged underage sex crimes. lawyer alan dershowitz was accused of having sex with minors with help from billionaire jeffrey epstein. buckingham palace denied the allegations , which surfaced in a court filing in january. so did dershowitz. in his decision , u.s. district court judge kenneth marra denied a motion by the alleged victims -- `` jane doe 3 and jane doe 4 '' -- to join a lawsuit accusing the federal government of violating their rights by negotiating a nonprosecution agreement with epstein
listening to the beatles could help to enhance the enjoyment of a fish and chip supper , psychologists have found. research suggests that certain types of music can bring out specific flavours - including sweet , salty and bitter - in a range of foods. the intensity of nessun dorma , performed by luciano pavarotti , is said to be the perfect accompaniment to dark mouse or coffee. meanwhile , the high-pitched piano in billie holiday 's autumn in new york can help emphasise the autumnal flavour of a pumpkin pudding. listening to the right sort of music , including the beatles -lrb- pictured -rrb- can enhance flavours in certain food and drink , researchers have
the scene looks as though there has been a disaster. in what was likened to a ` military operation ' a pair of cranes struggle to retrieve a ` casualty ' from a house , while fire engines , police , a medical team and other officials stand by. the immediate area is screened from the public gaze with tarpaulin. roads are cordoned off. no traffic can get to nearby schools. for seven hours , there is a state of ` mayhem '. yet it was no sudden catastrophic incident , as some witnesses imagined. this was simply what it took to remove
-lrb- cnn -rrb- for years , when i 'd tell new friends i was half-armenian , a puzzled look would cross their faces , before they 'd ask something like , `` do you have a country ? '' or , when there was a spark of recognition , they 'd chortle , `` ah , you 're the people with the last names all ending in ` ian ' ! '' in fact , one of our most famous armenians , cher , was better known for her oscar-winning portrayals of italians , and had dropped her own identifying surname. the decimation of our people , too , was reduced to a footnote -- if
it is cold , remote , dangerous , and a hot spot for one of the world 's most volatile and entrenched political stand-offs. so it comes as a surprise that the korean demilitarized zone -lrb- dmz -rrb- - located along the no-man 's land between the north and south - is next to a burgeoning surf spot for south korean hipsters , gangsters , ex-pats and its jet-setting adventure class. photos captured at the site show an eclectic mix of people going about their day-to-day duties , where fishermen and day-trippers are placed alongside soldiers , tanks and their fortified military installations. the dmz was established in 1953 as a buffer zone to separate the north from the south. surfer shannon aston , from new zealand ,
-lrb- cnn -rrb- can you imagine paying $ 1,000 a month in rent to live in a one-car garage ? nicole , a 30-year-old woman , does n't have to imagine this scenario because it 's her everyday reality. the small and unusual living space is all that this employed , single mother can afford in her high-cost community in san mateo , california. nicole is n't alone in her struggles. cnn recently published a powerful piece called `` poor kids of silicon valley '' that documents the affordable housing challenges facing families in the bay area. one aspect featured a house that is home to 16 people , including 11 children. another chronicles a husband and wife named rich and stacey , both of whom have jobs , who are living in a san jose homeless shelter
the timing is surely a coincidence -- three days before her daughter is due to give birth to another royal baby , carole middleton is busy promoting her party firm 's baby-shower goodies. the mother of the duchess of cambridge emailed customers of her party pieces firm yesterday , recommending the chevron divine tablewear range for parents-to-be. mrs middleton , 60 , who has previously been accused of cashing in after her daughter kate married prince william , wrote : ` i love a range that fits so many different gatherings. chevron divine is just that , and it 's great for a baby shower. ' scroll down for video. the mother of the duchess of cambridge emailed customers of her party pieces firm yesterday , re commending the chevron divine tablewear range for parents-to-be. and
-lrb- cnn -rrb- nobel literature laureate guenter grass , best known around the world for his novel `` the tin drum , '' has died , his publisher said monday. he was 87. grass died in a clinic in the city of luebeck , where he was taken over the weekend , said steidl publishing spokeswoman claudia glenewinkel. german media are reporting he died of pneumonia. grass focused in much of his work on learning from the horror of war and genocide by exploring motifs from his childhood city of danzig , which is now gdansk , poland. during the nazi era , ethnic poles and jews were persecuted and deported from the multicultural city , at a time when they faced the possibility
-lrb- cnn -rrb- you may know mindy kaling from fox 's cult hit comedy `` the mindy project , '' in which she plays mindy lahiri , a perky , quirky ob/gyn juggling her career and love life in new york. -lrb- only in the big apple can a doctor not afford an apartment ! -rrb-. the show was a breakthrough for on-screen representation -- the first network sitcom created by and starring a woman of color -- and it looks likely to be renewed for the coming 2015-16 season. recently , however , kaling 's brother vijay chokalingam unveiled a project of his own , and while it has been getting a lot of attention , it has n't generated quite as many laughs -- either from observers or from his famous sibling , who told him it brought `` shame upon their family. '' you see , chokalingam
-lrb- cnn -rrb- like phone booths and typewriters , record stores are a vanishing breed -- another victim of the digital age. camelot music. virgin megastores. wherehouse music. tower records. all of them gone. corporate america has largely abandoned brick-and-mortar music retailing to a scattering of independent stores , many of them in scruffy urban neighborhoods. and that 's not necessarily a bad thing. yes , it 's harder in the spotify era to find a place to go buy physical music. but many of the remaining record stores are succeeding -- even thriving -- by catering to a passionate core of customers and collectors. on saturday , hundreds of music retailers will hold
washington -lrb- cnn -rrb- an iranian military observation aircraft flew within 50 yards of an armed u.s. navy helicopter over the persian gulf this month , sparking concern that top iranian commanders might not be in full control of local forces , cnn has learned. the incident , which has not been publicly disclosed , troubled u.s. military officials because the unsafe maneuver could have triggered a serious incident. it also surprised u.s. commanders because in recent months iranian forces have conducted exercises and operations in the region in a professional manner , one u.s. military official told cnn. `` we think this might have been locally ordered , '' the official said. the incident took place as the u.s. and other world powers
a senior writer for the australian financial review has labelled anzacs ` racist yobs ' , while standing up for an sbs football reporter who was sacked after condemning anzac day on twitter. sbs journalist scott mcintyre was fired on sunday over his tweets which called anzac day ` the cultification of an imperialist invasion ' and accused australian diggers of committing war crimes which included ` widespread rape and theft. ' speaking up in support of him , the afr 's geoff winestock wrote on the social media site : ` ridiculous. frightening. i also think anzacs were racist yobs and anzac day is a death cult. sack me fairfax. ' on friday , the day before anzac day , mr winestock said of
tokyo -lrb- cnn -rrb- a crowd gathers near the entrance of tokyo 's upscale mitsukoshi department store , which traces its roots to a kimono shop in the late 17th century. fitting with the store 's history , the new greeter wears a traditional japanese kimono while delivering information to the growing crowd , whose expressions vary from amusement to bewilderment. it 's hard to imagine the store 's founders in the late 1600 's could have imagined this kind of employee. that 's because the greeter is not a human -- it 's a robot. aiko chihira is an android manufactured by toshiba , designed to look
bobby brown spoke for the first time about his daughter bobbi kristina in los angeles on saturday night and admitted ' i du n no what the hell i am going through right now , but i am giving it to god and letting him deal with it. ' in an emotional outburst during a concert bobby appeared close to tears as he referenced his daughter 's ongoing battle for her life. the former husband of whitney houston looked tired and grief stricken at times during his performance , his first public appearance since bobbi kristina fell into a coma. bobby brown spoke for the first time about daughter bobbi kristina in los angeles on saturday night and admitted :
this is the moment an 11-year-old boy became stuck in knee-deep mud and had to be rescued by a hovercraft. the child was on holiday in burnham-on-sea with his family from manchester when he walked across the mudflats on wednesday. seemingly unaware of the low tide , he quickly became stuck and had to be pulled to safety by the coastguard in its hovercraft. he was unhurt in the incident , and was seen leaving the beach smiling. scroll down for video. an 11-year-old boy had to be pulled to safety after becoming stuck in knee-deep mud on in burnham-on-sea. the coastguard used a hovercraft to reach the boy , with
roberto martinez has ruled darron gibson out of the rest of the season after he underwent tests on his damaged metatarsal. the everton midfielder was hurt in the 2-1 win over queens park rangers last month but martinez was hopeful that gibson would be able to play some part in the final seven matches of the campaign. now , though , he has been forced to admit defeat with that plan. it is a blow for the everton manager , whose side have staged a mini-revival in recent weeks , but he insists there is positive lining in that gibson , who missed almost all
her top tips to achieving success include trusting your guts , be bold , and never back down. and jo burston certainly lives her mantra. the award-winning tech entrepreneur 's ballsy attitude helped land her an investor in very unusual circumstances for her first business job capital - a leading technology services firm that handles payroll services , migration , salary packaging and contract-management and turned over $ 40 million in its first four years. ' i was running a services company with an 80 million dollar turnover and realised i wanted more , ' says burston. ' i was on
she 's got the designer threads , a sparkling mini mercedes car and a staggering 115,000 instagram followers and she 's not even two-years-old. millie-belle diamond , the proud owner of louis vuitton and chanel purses and pint-sized burberry jackets , has become a money-making social media celebrity after her mother schye fox started posting cute photos of her online. the mum , from warriewood , in northern sydney , originally set up an instagram account for millie-belle when she was two months old so that their family in wa and queensland could see her grow. scroll down for video. smiler : millie-belle diamond , who is 14 months old , has a staggering 115,000 instagram followers. mini-celebrity : in one photo
a missouri mother believes her three-year-old daughter with special needs was discriminated against after finding out the child was forced to take off her thick glasses for a school portrait. abby lubiewski was born with hallerman-streiff , a rare genetic syndrome that resulted in congenital cataracts. she can only perceive light and dark when she 's not wearing her specs. ` she has no vision at all without her glasses , ' her mother amanda lubiewski told fox 2 now. when lubiewski received her daughter abby 's photographs , she immediately saw that her child 's smile was strained. scroll down for video. abby lubiewski 's mother amanda was outraged after finding out her three-year-old daughter with
there was a mild tremor felt in the room when louis van gaal banged a fist on the table to reinforce his point after manchester united had lost 1-0 at stamford bridge. the eruption follows next season. van gaal revealed that he had 11 disappointed faces looking up at him in the dressing room , with the sunken eyes of united 's players pleading with him to explain how they had come to be beaten. they dominated possession , completing nearly three times as many successful passes than the champions-elect and yet they were unzipped by a goal in the 38th minute from eden hazard. life can be cruel. despite united 's defeat there were signs on saturday , what with the slick passing and their range of movement , that the battle lines have been
two georgia corrections officers have resigned after a photo emerged on facebook last week depicting a badly beaten inmate with a leash around his neck flanked by his suspected tormentors. the teenage victim , cortez berry , was serving time at the burruss correctional training center in forsyth , georgia , for his role in a 2011 carjacking and robbery. the disturbing image was uploaded to facebook friday using a cellphone that had been sneaked into the jail. it shows the 18-year-old berry hunched down with a swollen eye in front of two shirtless young men , one of whom is holding the leash. scroll down for video. in the disturbing photo which was uploaded to facebook on friday
the bbc has made light of disgraced presenter jeremy clarkson 's attack on a junior producer by poking fun at the incident in a comedy programme. a new episode of mockumentary w1a , to be broadcast later this month , shows bosses holding an emergency meeting after clarkson uses the word ` tosser ' on top gear. the bbc has made light of jeremy clarkson 's attack on a junior producer by poking fun at it in a comedy show. the
jurgen klopp is to step down as borussia dortmund manager this summer. the 47-year-old german will seek a new challenge with a move to the premier league likely. klopp and dortmund chief executive hans-joachim watzke confirmed in a press conference reports that he will officially leave at the end of june after seven successful years at the club. an emotional klopp said : ` as a person , i would have liked to see that something so beautiful does not have to come to an end. ' jurgen klopp confirmed in a press conference he is to leave borussia dortmund this summer. an emotional klopp said he believed dortmund
a 77-year-old woman was left partially blind after a lightning bolt struck her as she sat in her car. despite the dramatic and rare event , the woman 's injury was not detected straight away. rather , her hairdresser noticed several days later that she had suffered minor burns on her scalp. later that day the pensioner noticed her eye sight was blurred - she could barely see with her right eye. a few days later , she visited the opticians and was referred to see opthalmologist mohit gupta , who works at pilgrim hospital in boston , england. the 77-year-old woman was struck by lightning while she sat in her car. days later , after her vision
these are the horrific final moments of a 44-year-old suspect who was apparently accidentally shot dead by a 73-year-old reserve deputy last week after he fired his handgun instead of his taser. in the footage , released by police , deputies are filmed chasing after eric harris , first by car then on foot , in tulsa , oklahoma , on april 2 after he fled during a sting operation in a nearby parking lot. once they catch up to harris , they tackle him to the ground and order him to lie on his stomach. robert bates then yells , ` taser ! taser ! ' - but takes out his service weapon and pulls the trigger. after firing one round into harris , the former full-time officer
forget learning abcs. one doting dad has been teaching his son how to ` magically fly '. youtube videos show four-month-old noah monte perfectly balancing on the palm of his father 's hand as he 's lifted through the air. as he whizzes up and down , the infant manages to keep his legs and body upright. his outstretched arms help him to remain airborne. caught on camera : youtube videos show four-month-old noah monte perfectly balancing on the palm of his father 's hand as he 's lifted through the air. bystanders are heard laughing in the background
ashley young is finally feeling like a senior member of the manchester united squad. the 29-year-old moved to old trafford in june 2011 from aston villa , but acknowledges it took time for him to come into his own at the club. young now feels he has an important role under louis van gaal , and told manutd.com : ' i was looking around and thinking i was in the top six or seven who have been here the longest now. whereas i used to say i was a youngster , now i can only say that by my name. ashley young is finally feeling like a senior member of the manchester united squad under louis van gaal. the 29-year-old moved
this is the dramatic moment firefighters battle a 1,000-degree blaze as it rips through a $ 3.8 million mansion in new jersey. sea bright fire chief volunteer chad murphy wore a camera on his now-charred helmet as he stepped into the furnace in rumson on monday. footage shows him entering the burning building and carefully navigating the smoke-filled interiors. at one point he 's seen hosing down a glass skylight with debris falling down. caught on camera : this is the dramatic moment firefighters battle a 1,000-degree blaze as it rips through a $ 3.8 million mansion in new jersey. going in : sea bright fire chief volunteer chad murphy wore a camera on
when emma jackson , 28 , moved into a quiet cul-de-sac in hull just over a year ago , she thought she had found the perfect place to call home. but within a week of moving in , her dream home turned into a nightmare thanks to an aggressive neighbour with a penchant for watching tv with the volume turned up at all hours of the day. unable to sleep because of the racket , the photography student asked unemployed mark ray , 56 , to turn it down - but was met with a barrage of abuse that culminated , a year later , in violent threats and stalking. terrified : emma jackson ,
all babies cry. but it was n't hunger or a soggy diaper that reduced one baby to tears. crystal mcnaughton from long beach , california , filmed the moment her newborn son paul started welling up to a rousing song from glee. as the lea michele version of the track o holy night plays , footage shows a look of sadness spreading across the tiny infant 's face. there , there : crystal mcnaughton from long beach , california , filmed the moment her newborn son paul started welling up to a rousing song from glee. when the chorus builds , tears appear in paul 's eyes and his lips start quivering. at
lauren crawley was given a new platinum implant. facial palsy , or weakness of the facial muscles , can stop the patient 's eyelids closing properly. lauren crawley , 54 , a housewife from kings langley , hertfordshire , was given a new platinum implant that makes it easier to blink again , as she tells thea jourdan. the patient. a few years ago i started losing my sense of balance and developed tinnitus - my gp referred me for scans which showed i had a large but benign brain tumour behind my left ear. surgery was the only option. thankfully the operation , in july 2012 , was a success. but my facial
-lrb- cnn -rrb- as we approach april 27 when south africa marks the anniversary of the first post-apartheid elections held that day in 1994 , we are faced with yet another wave of deadly attacks against african migrants. outrage triggered by this violence is being heard loudly throughout social media with '' #weareafrica '' showcasing the need for a common front against this affront. these recurring attacks against migrants and their property might be read as one more indication of how the rainbow nation 's dream has faltered. that vision not only symbolized a multi-ethnic south africa , but one where living in dignity
-lrb- cnn -rrb- how can more than 200 nigerian schoolgirls simply disappear ? and how can the nigerian government and the rest of the world have allowed this to happen ? exactly 365 days have passed since the girls were snatched from their boarding school dormitories in the dead of night in chibok , northeastern nigeria. they are still missing. for this we should all feel shame : shame that we live in a world where the lives of young girls can be shattered with impunity by fanatical thugs. shame that when such horrendous acts occur , our collective attention span is so fleeting. a year ago , i could never have imagined that we would be here today , marking the grim 12-month milestone of these girls going missing. in the early days of
former hewlett packard head carly fiorina is attributing the years-long drought in california to ` liberal environmentalists , ' whom she says brought on the state 's water shortage with their policies. ` it is a man-made disaster , ' she told glenn beck during a monday radio interview. ` with different policies over the last 20 years , all of this could be avoided. ' the ` tragedy ' of california , fiorina , a maybe presidential candidate , said , is it ` has suffered from droughts for millennia , ' and still ` liberal environmentalists have prevented the building of a single new reservoir or a single
a veteran has described the hurt he felt after being disrespected by a mob of university of florida fraternity members during a charity weekend that honors wounded heroes in panama beach city. the zeta beta tau fraternity was suspended friday and charged with obscene behavior , public intoxication , theft , causing physical or other harm , and damage to property for allegedly disrespecting disabled veterans by spitting on them , shouting verbal abuse and even urinating on the american flag. the deplorable behavior against the ex-servicemen occurred at the warrior beach retreat on april 17. ` they actually spat on me and my service dog as well , and that 's just so disrespectful and it hurts , ' wounded veteran nicholas connole
-lrb- cnn -rrb- in the end , it played out like a movie. a tense , heartbreaking story , and then a surprise twist at the end. as eight of mary jane veloso 's fellow death row inmates -- mostly foreigners , like her -- were put to death by firing squad early wednesday in a wooded grove on the indonesian island of nusa kambangan , the filipina maid and mother of two was spared , at least for now. her family was returning from what they thought was their final visit to the prison on so-called `` execution island '' when a philippine tv crew flagged
at first glance , it appears to be any ordinary play-date for two young girls at primary school. in a pink-walled bedroom , decorated with posters of justin bieber , best friends zoe and eleanor settle themselves on to the bed and press play on the webcam of their computer. but they 're not about to video-chat with friends or a relative abroad. what they 're doing is far more pernicious -- and will be horrifying to parents everywhere. scroll down for video. in a world where girls grow up fast , should these online hot or not videos really surprise us ? half of three to six-year-olds say they worry about being fat , with a fifth of girls under
ed miliband has been getting a lot of praise for admitting that he ` blubbed ' while watching pride , a british film released last year. it 's a rose-tinted , nostalgic look back at a critical moment in 20th-century british history. every drop of sentiment is wrung out of the story , with brave young men and women risking their lives to take on an evil dictator. so what is it about , this heartwarming tale of british derring-do ? the battle of britain ? the falklands crisis ? the iraq war ? scroll down for video. labour leader ed miliband confessed that he ` blubbed ' during the british film pride that centres on the 1984 miners
alastair cook hung his head in disbelief after wasting a golden opportunity to end his long wait for a century before the man who seems destined to succeed him as england captain showed how to do it. there was agony for cook on the third day of the second test as he again fell short of the magic three figures despite looking as solid and unflustered at the crease as at any time in the two years since his last century. but the problems cook had in finding fluency in his 211-ball 76 were put into stark perspective by yet another display of the rare class and maturity that has made joe root england 's outstanding batsman. joe
defense attorneys released some of the training records saturday for a 73-year-old volunteer sheriff 's deputy charged with manslaughter in the fatal shooting of an unarmed suspect in oklahoma. the records for robert bates include certificates showing what training he received , job evaluation reports and weapons training and qualification records dating to 2008. bates ' attorneys said the 64 pages of information include records bates , of tulsa , copied and kept for himself. although there are time gaps in the documents provided , some of the records seem to indicate bates was proficient in firearms and dozens of other training courses. scroll down for videos. apology
whether it 's a larger-than-life skyline in one of the world 's greatest cities or an endless vista of snow-topped mountains , people are willing to travel across the globe to take in a stunning view. while they provide plenty of memories and keepsake photos , these lofty perches require a head for heights as some of them are extreme enough to make even the heartiest tourists a little queasy. here are some of the places daredevil holidaymakers should visit if they are looking to take in mind-bending views. scroll down for video. brave souls can walk on a glass floor or hang over the edge of
a british grandmother on death row in bali for smuggling cocaine has accepted that she will be next to face the firing squad. and lindsay sandiford has told a friend : ` i just want to get it over with. ' the 58-year-old broke down in tears last night when she learned that her close friend -- australian drugs gang leader andrew chan -- is to be shot this week along with eight other prisoners on indonesia 's ` execution island ' , nusa kambangan. scroll down for video. lindsay sandiford , pictured , believes that she will be executed by the end of the year for smuggling drugs. sandiford , 58 , from cheltenham , who is on death row , has told friends she ` wants to get it over with ' chan 's brother michael told
the world 's third largest cruise liner today sailed past its sister ship as it made its way out of southampton docks on its maiden voyage. the anthem of the seas , which has 16 decks and can carry almost 5,000 passengers , towered over the explorer of the seas as it departed the hampshire dock this afternoon. the cruise liners , which are both owned by royal caribbean international , will both be based in southampton and serve europe and the mediterranean over the summer. as the season comes to a close , the anthem of the seas will then move to new york
-lrb- cnn -rrb- `` it 's showtime ! '' michael keaton paid homage -- ever so slightly -- to his roles in `` beetlejuice '' and `` batman '' in his third turn hosting `` saturday night live '' this weekend. keaton acknowledged in his opening monologue that a lot has changed since he first hosted the comedy sketch show in 1982. `` i had a baby -- he 's 31. i also have a new girlfriend -- she 's 28 , '' he said. fans who were hoping for a full-blown revival of keaton 's most memorable characters might have been a little disappointed.
the west indies believe they now dominate england captain alastair cook whose nightmare start to the series saw him fail in both innings of the first test - along with opening partner jonathan trott. england finished on 116-3 to lead by 220 runs at the end of the third day in antigua with seven second-innings wickets standing. but the hosts are jubilant that struggling cook has twice fallen cheaply to the plan of bowling at him full and swinging around off stump. alastair cook failed with the bat once again on day three of the first test in antigua. captain cook also fell cheaply as he was out for 13 after edging a taylor delivery into the slips. asked whether the west indies feel they have
-lrb- cnn -rrb- over the last year more than 25,000 people , a population about the size of key west , florida , have fought ebola infections. more than 10,000 have not survived. but for those who have survived , life will never be the same. and even for those who did not experience ebola personally , the `` most severe public health emergency seen in modern times '' showed the world its vulnerability to disease. it revealed real flaws in government systems that are supposed to protect us. while the intensity of the largest ebola epidemic in history has died down , and the initial dire predictions that there would be over a million infections by january never came true
jack wilshere is reportedly on the shopping list of manchester city this summer , but the arsenal midfielder showed off his own trolley dash during his day off on monday. wilshere has been forced to miss five months of this season following ankle surgery in november , but the england midfielder is closing in on a return to full fitness. before that long-awaited return to first-team duty , and before loading the boot of his car , the 23-year-old was keen to share his staple food requirements with his 891,000 instagram followers. jack wilshere in action for arsenal u21s recently and his overflowing waitrose shopping trolley. and wilshere clearly loves a bowl of cereal. a # 2.15 box of seriously fruity mixed berry crisp can be seen
-lrb- cnn -rrb- two years ago in a less turbulent time , mike premeau and kathy danke launched a small business , memories gourmet pizza co. , in their wisconsin town. the two were successful in getting their line of frozen pizzas , including breakfast pizzas and gluten-free options , in stores across nichols , west of green bay. they grew a base of loyal customers. but all that was threatened this week when people began mistaking them for memories pizza of walkerton , indiana , which made national headlines after its owners said they would refuse to cater a same-sex wedding. people posted angry comments on memories gourmet pizza 's facebook page
ironing may be the marmite of household chores. but , love it or loathe it , unless you want to look like you 've slept on a park bench , you ca n't avoid it. british company swan , which sold its first iron in 1933 , has just released a top-of-the-range steam generator iron , for # 279.99. but does it really make things easier ? tessa cunningham finds out. super steamer. swan si9031n steam generator iron , # 279.99 , swan-brand. co.uk. if you loathe ironing enough to splash out almost # 300 , then swan 's luxury model could be the one for
everton stars leighton baines and luke garbutt visited alder hey children 's hospital on wednesday to spread some easter cheer for the young patients and their families. the toffees duo handed out easter eggs and posed for photographs in the wards of the west derby hospital following their training session on wednesday. speaking during the visit , baines said : ` us visiting with chocolate eggs can feel pretty insignificant in comparison to what the kids are going through , what they 're in here for and the period of time they 've been here , but then you speak to some of the parents ,
ahead of this weekend 's premier league action , sportsmail will be providing you with all you need to know about every fixture , with team news , provisional squads , betting odds and opta stats. here is all the information you need for swansea 's home clash with hull ... swansea city vs hull city -lrb- liberty stadium -rrb-. team news. swansea. swansea will make a late check on ecuador winger jefferson montero before hull 's barclays premier league visit to the liberty stadium on saturday. montero suffered a muscle strain against mexico during the international break and the injury is not as serious as first feared but on-loan spurs midfielder tom carroll is definitely out after damaging ankle ligaments on england under 21 duty and might not play
they live in one of the remotest places on earth which means visitors , let alone royal ones , do n't come along very often. yesterday , though , locals living in the tiny township of wuggubun in western australia got the surprise of their lives when prince harry turned up unannounced. the prince , who begun a month-long secondment to the australian defence force on monday , took an hour-long break at the village during a training exercise with a norforce unit. scroll down for video. striking a pose : prince harry poses with members of the local community , including mr trust. ` he just rocked up , ' said delighted barry trust , a
-lrb- cnn -rrb- a dress worn by vivien leigh as she played scarlett o'hara in `` gone with the wind '' has fetched $ 137,000 at an auction. that 's a pretty healthy profit for the collector who bought the outfit decades ago for a mere $ 20 as it was on the verge of being tossed out. the outfit , a gray two-piece ensemble , was sold at an auction in beverly hills , california , on saturday , according to heritage auctions. it was the most sought after item among roughly 150 pieces of `` gone with the wind '' memorabilia on sale in the auction. they come from the huge collection amassed by james
a 200-year-old book of poetry gifted to george iii and letters from rear admiral sir samuel hood written during the american war of independence are among a treasure trove of documents released by royal archive yesterday. the collection , which was amassed by george iii and has been under lock and key for 200 years , has been digitised and the queen was at windsor castle for the launch. declaring herself ` stunned ' by the collection , none of which she had seen before , her majesty admired the poems , which were written by the shah of persia himself , and quipped : ` you do n't get gifts like that any more
no wonder james freedman 's super-nimble hands are insured for a huge sum -- for the fingers he uses to steal wallets are the tools of his trade. ` you can pinch anything off anyone -- apart from their shoes ! ' he says. now he 's exhibiting his ` skills ' on stage in a one-man pickpocket show , called man of steal , in which he even takes off someone 's tie without them realising. scroll down for video. the watch : james freedman removes harry mount 's timepiece without him noticing in his pickpocketing lesson. for years he 's been giving pickpocket demonstrations to teach people how not
it was only three months ago that they realised their dream of having their first child. now luke harris and daryl lee are celebrating the birth of their second baby. and the gay couple are due to become fathers for the third time in just a few weeks after controversially enlisting the help of three surrogate mothers. scroll down for video. luke harris and daryl lee , from surrey , had their first child three months ago and are now preparing to welcome their third baby into the world after enlisting the help of three surrogate mothers. pictured -lrb- from left -rrb- : pregnant surrogate becky harris ,
cristiano ronaldo did n't have too much joy with his trademark free-kicks during real madrid 's victory over neighbours atletico this week - but it did n't stop him from showing his compassionate side. the portuguese star has devoted hours on the training field to mastering the art of the perfect set-piece , but even the best in the business occasionally get it wrong. in the white-hot atmosphere of the santiago bernabeu prior to wednesday night 's second-leg champions league quarter-final , when every minute of preparation is key , there was still time for ronaldo to display a small but heartfelt act of kindness. cristiano ronaldo shows his delight
-lrb- cnn -rrb- if you 're famous and performing the american national anthem , be prepared to become a national hero or a national disgrace. facts are facts. just ask vince , whitney , roseanne , jimi and michael. mötley crüe 's vince neil reminded us again this week of the dangers of tackling `` the star-spangled banner. '' sure , he can shred it on `` girls , girls , girls '' and `` dr. feelgood , '' but this is a different story -- a completely different story. to say neil butchered the song before the las vegas outlaws arena football league game would be unkind to those in the profession. there 's less
ultimately , bristol city were never destined to become the first football league club to win promotion this season at deepdale , even though they are inching ever closer. swindon 's win over peterborough meant steve cotterill will have to wait until tuesday to finish the job of returning to the championship , but almost as importantly they made sure preston would n't make any ground on them in the top two. three points at bradford on tuesday will do the trick - only that standing in their way now. it would take something to go seriously awry for the robins not to be returning to the second tier after a two-year absence , and they did their job well enough to prevent any
support : kai windsor , now 10 , with his mother rachel. like most boys , he always preferred football to dolls. but kai windsor started life as a girl -- and knew from the age of three that he had been born into the wrong body. christened kaia , he would shun traditional girls ' toys in favour of kicking a ball around. by four , he refused to wear dresses -- and at six he wanted his hair cut short and developed a boyish awkwardness around girls. by nine , he had finally broken the truth to his mother rachel , 37 , telling her : ` i 'm
it seemed a somewhat unusual honeymoon destination for kim kardashian and kanye west. but the couple insist they fell in love with the ` calm ' of ireland on a previous visit and just had to return. of course , they did it in style , staying at the 18th-century ballyfin , at the foot of the slieve bloom mountains in the centre of the country. and now the five-star hotel has been given the highest accolade , declared the grandest hotel in ireland by conde nast traveller magazine. splendour ! ballyfin has been named by travel publication condé nast traveller as the grandest hotel in ireland. the five-star retreat boasts a luxurious pool , which can be enjoyed with privacy due to its small volume of rooms. grand retreat ! with
-lrb- cnn -rrb- the investigation into the crash of germanwings flight 9525 has not revealed evidence of the co-pilot andreas lubitz 's motive , but he suffered from suicidal tendencies at some point before his aviation career , a spokesman for the prosecutor 's office in dusseldorf , germany , said monday. investigators have not found any writings or conversations where lubitz shared his motives or confessed to any plans , prosecutor 's spokesman christoph kumpa said. however , medical records reveal that lubitz was suicidal at one time and underwent psychotherapy. this was before he ever got his pilot 's license , kumpa said. kumpa emphasized there
gunfights broke out and. vehicles were set ablaze in one of mexico 's biggest. cities along the u.s. border , after security forces arrested a. leader of one of the main drug gangs in the area. activity in parts of reynosa , a city across the rio grande. from mcallen , texas , ground to a halt on friday afternoon after. vehicles were torched and shooting began , authorities said. three suspected assailants were killed during the confrontations and two state police. were injured , the tamaulipas state government said in a. statement. a reynosa police spokesman said two bystanders were. apparently killed , but this was not confirmed. scroll down for video. a
a university of south carolina ex-sorority girl has been suspended after she was pictured writing that ` n ***** s ' were to blame for the campus 's poor internet connection on a whiteboard in a study room. the white female student , who has not been identified , was captured in a snapchat photo detailing several ` reasons why usc wifi blows ' on the board at the university in columbia , south carolina. her reasons included ` incompetent ' professors , ` ratchets ' , an ` overpopulated campus ' and parking. but at the top of the list was the word ` n ***** s '. her actions were captured by a fellow student. scroll down for video. suspended : this university of south carolina student has been suspended after she was pictured writing
luke shaw thought he had done ok as he walked off the old trafford pitch at half-time during manchester united 's fa cup tie against arsenal last month. steady , nothing special , but he felt invigorated all the same. the score was 1-1 and shaw , returning to the team for the first time since united 's defeat at swansea city in february , had kept arsenal flyer alex oxlade-chamberlain reasonably quiet. shaw was growing into that famous red shirt , getting stronger down the left flank as this fiery sixth-round tie against arsene wenger 's team wore on. luke shaw thought he had done ok against
the devastated fiance of the late ` wellness warrior ' jessica ainscough has written an emotional letter to her followers , revealing she was undergoing radiation treatment in her final weeks and ` giggling and drinking green smoothies ' in her hospital bed until the day she died. ms ainscough , 30 , died in late february following a lengthy fight with a rare and aggressive form of cancer known as epithelioid sarcoma. she spurned chemotherapy and radiation , choosing to fight the cancer with a controversial treatment known as gerson therapy , which involves a vegan diet and coffee enemas and does not have scientific support. but after discussions with ` oncologists , healers and specialists around the world ' , in her final weeks -
model karlie kloss is spreading her passion for computer coding and empowering young women by teaming up with the flatiron school in new york to offer teen girls around the country scholarships to the academy 's software engineering program this summer. the 22-year-old 's kode with karlie scholarships will provide 20 girls between the ages of 13 and 18 free tuition to the same two-week coding course she took last year at the flatiron pre-college academy. ` code is only going to continue to play a major role in defining our future , ' she says in a video promoting kode with karlie. ' i think it 's crucial that young women learn to code as early as possible
-lrb- cnn -rrb- that 's some rich `` american pie. '' the lyrics to the famed don mclean song sold for $ 1.2 million tuesday morning at an auction held by christie 's. `` don mclean 's manuscript of ` american pie ' achieved the 3rd highest auction price for an american literary manuscript , a fitting tribute to one the foremost singer-songwriters of his generation , '' christie 's tom lecky said in a statement. mclean told rolling stone that it was time to part with the manuscript. `` i 'm going to be 70 this year , '' the singer and songwriter said in february. `` i have two children and a wife , and none of them seem
-lrb- cnn -rrb- hockey player jarret stoll of the l.a. kings was arrested friday at the swimming pool of a las vegas resort on a drug-possession charge , cnn affiliate ksnv reported , citing a police spokesman. stoll , 32 , was charged with possession of controlled substances , including cocaine and ecstasy , according to ksnv. he was released from the clark county detention center late friday on $ 5,000 bail. the kings said in a statement , `` we are aware of police reports out of clark county , nevada regarding jarret stoll. our organization is concerned and has begun conducting a thorough internal investigation. while we continue
-lrb- cnn -rrb- please , not even a demonstration. freddie gray 's family had asked there be quiet on baltimore 's streets the day they laid him to rest. and above all , no violence. raging hordes turned a deaf ear to that on monday. but a handful of people repeated the family 's message. they became criers in the desert against countless young people flinging rocks at police , breaking windows , looting and setting fires. the peacemakers -- clergy , gray 's family and brave residents -- placed themselves in the rioters ' way. their message was the same. `` i want them all to go back home , '' said rev.
a conservative building in scotland has been sprayed with graffiti by ` nationalists ' , a tory councillor claimed. a swastika and the word ` scum ' were sprayed in white paint on the window of the offices in aberdeen last night. a ` q ' was also added to the blue front door , which some people said stands for quisling - a person who collaborates with an enemy. conservative headquarters in scotland have been sprayed with graffiti by ` nationalists ' , a tory councillor has claimed. ross thomson , a scottish conservative councillor , posted images of the graffiti on twitter just before lunch. he wrote : ` our party office has been targeted by vandals , showing the ugly
ashley young is desperate to avoid being part of the first united team to lose five successive manchester derbies. united have more silverware in their trophy cabinet , but city have had the better of their local rivals during the last couple of years. last november 's 1-0 victory at the etihad stadium was the fourth successive derby win for city. the last time they achieved that feat was 60 years ago. ashley young -lrb- right -rrb- wants to avoid a fifth successive derby defeat by neighbours manchester city. ander herrera celebrates scoring as united move above city for the first time this
sunshine smile : judy murray waves to the crowds. her youngest son has only just tied the knot with his long-term partner kim sears. but judy murray has already wasted no time in revealing she simply ` ca n't wait to be a granny '. however , the tennis coach , who helped propel andy , 27 , and his brother , jamie , 29 , to sporting success , has a couple of caveats -- he has to get the french open and wimbledon out of the way first. mrs murray , 55 , who has carved out her own star status after appearing on strictly come dancing last year , also
andros townsend admitted he had devoted plenty of thought to his cheeky retaliation against paul merson. ` that tweet has been going over in my head , ' said townsend , who followed up his spectacular equaliser in italy by hitting twitter to strike back at criticism from the former arsenal and england midfielder. ` as soon at the goal went in , i was just desperate to get that tweet out. i 'm eagerly awaiting his response. i have n't seen it yet. andros townsend scores england 's equaliser in their 1-1 friendly draw with italy in turin on tuesday night. townsend celebrates his strike with tottenham hotspur team-mates ryan
a sailor who vanished after heading out to sea more than two months ago has miraculously been found alive and well off the north carolina coast. louis jordan , 37 , was picked up by a german-flagged ship at 1:30 p.m. on thursday - 66 days after he took off to do some fishing. he was found sitting on the capsized hull of his sailboat , angel , which had lost its mast and was approximately 200 miles east of cape hatteras. ` they saw me on the front of my boat standing up there waving my arms , ' he told the today show of the huge german ship after he left hospital. ` and they
there 'll be no need to queue up at the gates of buckingham palace and crane your neck to discover the sex of the new royal baby. in fact , all you 'll need is access to the internet. when prince george 's brother or sister makes their entrance to the world , their arrival will be announced first on twitter according to a report in the sunday times. news of the royal delivery will then also be posted on the traditional easel behind the gates of buckingham palace , just like prince george and prince william before him - or her. scroll down for video. when prince george was born in july 2013 his birth was first announced in an emailed press release ... ... before
-lrb- cnn -rrb- aaron hernandez is known for his swagger. should he act any differently when he 's on trial for murder ? when the once rising star for the new england patriots walks into court each day with what appears to be an air of confidence -- or is it bravado ? -- he enters from a connecting holding room. some court security officers who escort him are as tall and muscular as he is. besides that certain bounce to his step , there 's usually a smile. jury deliberations resume wednesday. watch `` downward spiral : inside the case against aaron hernandez '' tonight at 9 p.m. et. it has n't been there as often in the last couple of weeks
looks like lewis hamilton has landed himself a cameo role in zoolander 2. the f1 world champion was spotted on the rome set for the comedy sequel , in a scene that looked like ben stiller 's male model was taking part in a catwalk show with owen wilson 's hansel. cameo : lewis hamilton and olivia munn film scenes in rome for zoolander 2. hamilton was sat front row with olivia munn and busily chatting in between takes on friday. he donned a stylish red camouflage suit with a white shirt and sunglasses for the runway scene while olivia wore a shaggy fur coat over the shoulders of a fashion forward dress. they happily
boston -lrb- cnn -rrb- adrianne haslet-davis and her husband , adam davis , were standing near the finish line on the day of the boston marathon bombing. her feet were sore from wearing 4.5-inch heels. still , they walked to boylston street to watch the runners. `` we were so in love and happy together , '' she told a federal jury wednesday. it was the second day the boston jury heard a procession of heartbreaking loss -- the survivors and families of those killed when twin bombs planted by the pair of brothers named tsarnaev exploded near the finish line. the jury must decide whether bomber dzhokhar tsarnaev , 21 , should
a judge has given a new york city woman permission to become the first person to legally file for divorce from her elusive husband via a facebook message. the woman 's lawyer says the ruling was made by manhattan supreme court justice matthew cooper. the daily news says victor sena blood-dzraku will be served with the divorce summons via a private facebook message. it will be repeated once a week for three consecutive weeks or until ` acknowledged ' by ellanora baidoo 's hard-to-find husband. attorney andrew spinnell says the couple married in 2009 in a civil ceremony. first time : ellanora
she has been selling herself as a sex pot to push copies of her new album rebel heart. but not everyone thinks she 's the cat 's meow. after belting out human nature to drake at coachella on sunday night , madonna pulled the 28-year-old singer back to plant a kiss on his lips , making out with him for at least three seconds. what the 56-year-old mother-of-four did n't see was that when she was finished , the musician looked horrified , even wiping his mouth. this happened : madonna french kissed drake onstage at coachella on sunday night. in pain : though madonna did n't see his expression , he clearly was in pain over the experience. later , sources were
a 31-year-old british woman has died in a freak accident when she was crushed by a falling tree in the bolivian jungle while on her dream round-the-world trip. louise shepherd had been hiking through the remote madidi national park in the north-western part of the country when a tree toppled onto her during a storm. ms shepherd , from cobham , surrey , had taken a ` gap year ' off work in order to go travelling around the world with her sister hannah and college friend rose jones , both 30. tragedy : louise shepherd , 31 , from cobham , surrey , was hiking through a national park in north-west bolivia with her sister and a friend
-lrb- cnn -rrb- jodi arias was sentenced to life in prison monday for the gruesome 2008 murder of her ex-boyfriend travis alexander. maricopa county judge sherry stephens could have sentenced arias to life with the possibility of early release after 25 years , but decided the convicted killer should spend the rest of her life behind bars. before her sentence was handed down , arias expressed remorse for her actions. `` to this day i ca n't believe that i was capable of doing something that terrible , '' arias said. `` i 'm truly disgusted and repulsed with myself. i 'm horrified because of what i did
graeme finlay leaving teesside crown court today. he is accused of attacking husband and wife ronald and june phillips while on board a cruise ship. after enjoying dinner , an evening show and a drink in the cruise ship 's cabaret bar , ron and june phillips headed to their cabin clutching cups of cocoa. but their relaxing night on the luxury liner was shattered by a violent confrontation that left both unconscious. the elderly couple were ambushed outside their room by a passenger who had earlier sat with them in the restaurant and claims that he was snubbed , a court heard yesterday. graeme finlay , 53 , says he was
testosterone. by joe herbert. -lrb- oup # 16.99 -rrb-. testosterone does n't always get a good press. everything that 's unpleasant about male behaviour has been ascribed to the effects of this much maligned hormone. violence ? it 's all testosterone 's fault. sexual assault and rape ? just blame testosterone. yet , as joe herbert makes clear in his engaging whistlestop tour of the science surrounding it , testosterone is at the heart of human life. ` without our father 's testosterone , ' as he writes , ` none of us would exist. ' it has only one basic function -- to enable a male to reproduce , and for that
a not-for-profit group that organised seminars featuring us anti-vaccination campaigner sherri tenpenny before she had to cancel due to threats of violence has had its charity status cancelled. the australian charities and not-for-profits commission -lrb- acnc -rrb- made the announcement about get rid of sids project on wednesday. the organisation is run by well-known brisbane anti-vaccination campaigner stephanie messenger who has penned a number of children 's books , including melanie 's marvelous measles. scroll down for video. get rid of sids , which had been organising events featuring anti-vaccination campaign sherri tenpenny , has had its charity status revoked. in a statement , the acnc said it had revoked get rid of sids project 's charity
it was a simple slip of the tongue , instantly corrected minutes after his last ever ride at sandown on saturday. after a tearful yet joyous and ultimately unsuccessful afternoon that none of the 18,000 spectators will forget , it was also the point at which ap mccoy acknowledged that he was an ex-jockey. ` i am going to miss what i do ... what i did , ' he said with a pained smile. that whole new routine kicked in yesterday. ap mccoy makes a lap of honour round the parade ring with champion jockey 's trophy at sandown. mccoy walks into parade ring to
-lrb- cnn -rrb- eyewitness video showing white north charleston police officer michael slager shooting to death an unarmed black man has exposed discrepancies in the reports of the first officers on the scene. slager has been fired and charged with murder in the death of 50-year-old walter scott. a bystander 's cell phone video , which began after an alleged struggle on the ground between slager and scott , shows the five-year police veteran shooting at scott eight times as scott runs away. scott was hit five times. if words were exchanged between the men , they 're are not audible on the tape. it 's unclear what happened before
sebastien pocognoli has risked the wrath of his manager tony pulis , after publicly stating his confusion at losing his place in the west brom team. the belgian defender was an important player under alan irvine but since he left the club , the left back has found his game time limited. speaking to la meuse , he admitted he could n't get his head around the decisions being made. ' i do not understand. i have also got no explanation as to why i do n't play. sebastien pocognoli -lrb- centre -rrb- says he 's baffled by tony pulis ' decision to drop him from the starting 11. ` even if my -lrb- left-back rival -rrb- is injured
bayern munich holding midfielder bastian schweinsteiger is doubtful for their german cup quarter-final against bayer leverkusen on wednesday after picking up an ankle injury. schweinsteiger limped off with an ankle problem in their 1-0 victory over borussia dortmund in the bundesliga on saturday but bayern said it was not too serious after early concerns for a player ravaged by injuries. ` he luckily did not suffer any serious injury on saturday but his ankle is still a bit of a problem. schweinsteiger did not train on monday. his participation on wednesday is in doubt , ' the club said. bastian schweinsteiger
comcast today confirmed it has abandoned its bid to buy time warner cable for $ 45.2 billion and create a mega-size tv and internet provider. ` today , we move on. of course , we would have liked to bring our great products to new cities , but we structured this deal so that if the government did n't agree , we could walk away , ' comcast ceo brian roberts said in a statement. on wednesday night , it emerged that federal communications regulators decided that merger was n't in the public interest and threw up a regulatory roadblock that would have bogged the deal down for months
islamabad , pakistan -lrb- cnn -rrb- her second floor cafe on a dusty industrial road was painted with dashes of psychedelic colors. and sabeen mahmud surrounded herself there with books , people , and discussions on technology , human rights and women 's entrepreneurship. introducing others to jimi hendrix , street art , and talking politics was not supposed to get her killed. but in pakistan , free speech is dangerous , and mahmud 's exuberant exercise of it made her stick out nationwide. two gunman shot her dead at point-blank range late friday after she locked up the second floor cafe in karachi for the night , police said. mahmud died
-lrb- cnn -rrb- boston native mark wahlberg will star in a film about the boston marathon bombing and the manhunt that followed , deadline reported wednesday. wahlberg 's film , to be titled `` patriots ' day , '' is being produced by cbs films , which linked to the deadline article from its website. according to deadline , wahlberg is hoping to play boston police commissioner ed davis , who retired after the attack in 2013. the film will be told from davis ' point of view. the film will feature material researched and shot by cbs films ' corporate sibling , the cbs news program `` 60 minutes. '' wahlberg is also
-lrb- cnn -rrb- just eight months ago , a young woman named fatu kekula was single-handedly trying to save her ebola-stricken family , donning trash bags to protect herself against the deadly virus. today , because of a cnn story and the generosity of donors from around the world , kekula wears scrubs bearing the emblem of the emory university nell hodgson woodruff school of nursing in atlanta , where she 's learning skills she can take back home to care for her fellow liberians. `` it 's a surprise -- a young child like me who came from a very poor background coming to the u.s. , '' she said.
pc ronnie lungu has won a race discrimination case against wiltshire police. a black police constable has won a race discrimination case against his force after they did not promote him due to the colour of his skin. ronnie lungu was singled out as ' a marked man ' by wiltshire police solely due to his race , the employment tribunal ruled. it found the 40-year-old was passed over for promotion in favour of white colleagues after his internal assessments were secretly downgraded to make him appear unworthy. it also heard evidence that derogatory comments were made about mr lungu based on his colour
rory mcilroy 's official coronation will come at augusta national on sunday if he wins the masters to complete the career grand slam and consign the tiger woods era to the history books. the king is dead ; long live the king. long to reign over us. or should that be rain over us ? the heavy downpours that drenched augusta on tuesday would have been greeted by groans from soaked patrons and photographers hoping for snaps of glamourous wags. but northern ireland 's world no 1 would be forgiven if he had grinned from ear to ear. that 's because each of
the tranquility of a high-priced inner-sydney suburb has been shattered as a transport war has broken out between locals and commuters. a fed up resident of cammeray , a wealthy north shore suburb , stuck a note to the windscreen of car parked near a school they believed belonged to an outsiders. ` dear northern beaches parasites and car dependent tragics , ' it read. this controversial note was left on the windscreen of a car by a fed-up resident of cammeray. ` if you ca n't afford to park in the cbd do n't come here !! cammeray is not a parking lot for losers. get out of your cars stop clogging up the roads and annoying local residents. ` go back to your insular peninsular ... after
-lrb- cnn -rrb- spacex on tuesday launched a two-stage falcon 9 rocket carrying an uncrewed cargo spacecraft called dragon on a flight from cape canaveral , florida , to the international space station. that was the easy part. in a difficult bid to land a rocket stage on a floating barge for the first time , the private space exploration company was unsuccessful. spacex founder elon musk tweeted : `` ascent successful. dragon enroute to space station. rocket landed on droneship , but too hard for survival. '' he later clarified that the rocket landed , but tipped over. spacex tried to land a falcon
dope smokers beware : if marco rubio or chris christie manage to elbow out the competition and win the white house in 2016 , they 'll crack down on pot in states that have legalized marijuana. the republican presidential hopefuls told conservative radio host hugh hewitt in separate interviews on tuesday that they 'd enforce federal drug laws and block the sale of marijuana in colorado and washington. ` marijuana is a gateway drug , ' christie said , citing an ` enormous addiction problem in this country. ' ` and we need to send very clear leadership from the white house on down through the federal law enforcement. marijuana is an illegal drug under federal law. and the states should not be permitted to sell it and profit from
it was home to a 65-year-old hoarder and her mother 's corpse for at least five years. described by police as the ` worst we have ever seen ' , the san francisco property was teeming with black widows , rats , feces and 300 bottles of urine when it was discovered on april 4. but apparently , it 's still a hot ticket. just a week after removing the rodents , trash , and corpse , realtors have priced this san francisco property at a cool $ 2.5 million. the 1904 victorian build in bay area will be sold at a live auction by tim hawko of zephyr real estate. still worth it ! property developers are expected
a flickering rainbow of colours came with the march solar storm that made the northern lights even more remarkable than usual , and italian photographer giovanna griffo was in iceland to capture them in all their glory. griffo , 42 , who is based in latina , led a group of her students to vik and hella in the south of iceland where they were fortunate enough to be blown away by what is said to have been the strongest geomagnetic storm in the current solar cycle. while giovanna takes and edits all manner of photographs , she has a particular affinity with the night sky - and not just the spectacular aurora borealis but locations in her
stuart dallas has come a long way since mark warburton plucked him from a glorified park and # 70-a-week. the 23-year-old , who impressed for northern ireland in the week , scored two quite stunning goals as brentford demolished fulham 4-1 on good friday. they go into monday 's game against nottingham forest eyeing more than just a play-off spot. it was three years ago when dallas was spotted by warburton playing part-time on a mud bath for crusaders back home. stuart dallas celebrates the second of his two excellent goals against fulham on good friday. dallas has been a revelation this season as he helps brentford push towards the premier league. there were those who felt he was n't cut out for league one last season
straight after easter on planet football comes squeaky bum time , but the only squeaking at chelsea came from jose mourinho , trying to contain his mirth when told west ham had the most positive tactics in england. mourinho was having no truck with the barclays premier league 's fair play table , which lauded the hammers for their attacking style and frowned upon chelsea 's lack of respect. he dismissed it as a joke. he was relaxed ahead of a visit from manchester united. he even offered support to manuel pellegrini , claiming the manchester city boss had been treated like a ` criminal '
charlie adam stunned the premier league with a goal from his own half in stoke 's clash with chelsea on saturday evening. here is a look back at some of the finest examples of the genre. charlie adam struck a stunning goal from inside his own half against chelsea at stamford bridge. thibaut courtois was left helpless also his chelsea side eventually went on to win 2-1. david beckham. the midfielder would go on to be a world-renowned , generational talent - but was only an emerging figure when , on the first day of the 1996-97 season , he spotted wimbledon goalkeeper neil sullivan off his line and arced the ball perfectly over him and into the net to round off a
a hoard of silver coins worth # 34million that was sunk by the nazis on board a steamship has been salvaged by a british-led team at a record depth of 5,150 m -lrb- 17,000 ft -rrb-. the ss city of cairo was travelling from bombay to england in 1942 when it was torpedoed by a u-boat 480 miles south of st helena , taking 100 tons of rupees with it to the bottom of the ocean. it was long assumed that the vessel 's cargo , belonging to the uk treasury , would be lost forever such was the complexity of the task facing salvage experts. treasure trove : some of the
a father has been left furious after police ran over his daughter 's cat -- and then simply told the family that their pet had been ` disposed of '. harry the ginger tom was hit by a police car near tony hunt 's home. but instead of tracking down the owner and explaining what had happened , the officers involved knocked on a neighbour 's door and asked for a black bin bag. a witness then described seeing them ` scooping harry up and placing him in the bag in the boot of the car '. tony hunt , from normanton in derby , is demanding an apology from police after a neighbour reported his daughter 's cat harry had been hit by a patrol car and ` disposed of ' mr hunt
washington -lrb- cnn -rrb- washington was rocked late thursday by shootings -- one at the gates of the u.s. census bureau 's headquarters and another in a popular area packed with restaurant patrons. the shootings were connected , authorities said. they began with what authorities believe was a domestic kidnapping incident , according to d.c. police chief cathy lanier. the suspect 's vehicle was spotted outside the census bureau , which is in suitland , maryland. a guard apparently approached the vehicle and saw two people arguing. that guard was then shot at least once in the upper body , said prince george 's county fire department spokesman mark brady.
when the queen , then aged 86 , was filmed ` jumping out of a plane ' during the opening ceremony of the london 2012 olympics , no one was more surprised than her grandson , prince william. describing her as an ` unbelievably good sport ' , he added : ` harry got a sniff of a rumour on the night and the rumour mill was going into overdrive. ` but , in fact , she did such a good performance that she 's been asked to star in the next bond film. i 'm thrilled for her. ' scroll down for video. birthday : the queen , pictured at newbury racecourse on saturday , is celebrating her 89th birthday today. while the queen 's
aston villa manager tim sherwood kept faith with jack grealish , the 19-year-old academy graduate , after handing him his first premier league start against queens park rangers a fortnight ago. the young midfielder did not disappoint , playing a part in christian benteke 's equaliser and then setting up fabian delph 's winner. ` the bigger the stage the better he plays , the more he relishes it , ' said sherwood who saw grealish outshine liverpool 's experienced internationals steven gerrard and jordan henderson in midfield. ` that 's the sign of a good talent. ' jack grealish runs at liverpool defender martin skrtel in a
-lrb- cnn -rrb- a look at oklahoma city , 20 years later. a fly-by of pluto , 4 billion miles away. and the struggle to save the last male northern white rhino in the world. these are your best videos of the week :. on april 19 , 1995 , the alfred r. murrah federal building in oklahoma city , oklahoma , was bombed by two disaffected young americans. one hundred sixty-eight people died in the terrorist attack , including 19 children. as the 20th anniversary of the tragedy approaches , cnn captured video of the memorial that stands on the site today. the video is at the top of this story. the use of marijuana as a medicinal treatment actually dates back millennia , to at least 2730 b.c. cnn 's sanjay gupta
boston -lrb- cnn -rrb- after weeks of dramatic testimony , jurors are set to begin deliberations tuesday in the trial of dzhokhar tsarnaev , who faces life in prison or the death penalty for working with his brother to explode bombs at the 2013 boston marathon. the defense and prosecution made closing arguments in the case on monday. `` the defendant brought terrorism into the backyards and main streets , '' assistant u.s. attorney aloke chakravarty said. `` the defendant thought that his values were more important than the people around him. he wanted to awake the mujahideen , the holy warriors , so he chose patriots day
an athletic boston-area high school senior collapsed and died in greece this week , becoming the third student in his school year to die within six months. jared quirk , 18 , was in athens with classmates from rockland , massachusetts , to see the ancient world - but fell to the ground while walking through the city with friends , for reasons which are not yet clear. quirk , who played basketball , baseball , and football at rockland high school , died a hospital in the greek capital after being taken there by ambulance , the boston globe reported. sudden death : jared quirk , right with his mother and
he 's a tv star with a love for adventure , so it 's no wonder ben fogle looks for somewhere a little bit extraordinary for his holiday. my husband and i see the tv star lazing with his little boy by one of the five swimming pools in the martinhal beach resort in portugal , soaking up the sun. the high-end resort , which opened in 2010 , is renowned as being one of the best in the algarve for a luxury family holiday. the beautiful martinhal is a hit with families - and tv stars such as ben fogle. but despite the sun shining for around 300 days of the year here and the golden sand being warm beneath your
despite the continued rumours about his future at manchester united , radamel falcao seems unperturbed. falcao has been unable to hold down a regular first-team place at old trafford , and has admitted to becoming tearful over his lack of game time. but the colombian striker seemed to be coping better after the international break , enjoying an evening out in alderley edge on thursday , before picking up his # 100,000 porsche panamera from a waitrose car park. radamel falcao gets into his # 100,000 car after a meal in alderley edge with a friend on thursday. the manchester united striker will consider his old trafford future at the end of this season. falcao scored a penalty against kuwait
millions of petrol and diesel engine cars would be banned from the road within 25 years under liberal democrat plans. only ultra low emission vehicles and electric cars would be allowed in the uk in 2040 under the proposal. normal petrol and diesel engines which make up the vast majority of all motor vehicles would be barred. scroll down for video. liberal democrat leader nick clegg takes a short break from campaigning and takes part in go ape haldon forest park near exeter today. mr clegg thanked ` go ape ' for having him this afternoon. he said it was ` healthy and active fun after being on the battle bus for so long ' as part of its ` green ' efforts
-lrb- cnn -rrb- residents of central sanaa , the yemeni capital , have learned the hard way that key strategic bombing targets are located in their neighborhoods : detonating ordnance has been shattering their windows and doors. and fighting has killed hundreds of people in less than two weeks. the saudi-led coalition smashed parts of yemen 's defense ministry central command in the capital over the weekend , senior yemeni officials said. under the rain of coalition bombs , the houthis , who are shiites in a majority sunni country , still control sanaa. but the airstrikes have hurt them and destroyed a lot of infrastructure. the electricity has gone out on
a tory councillor with a history of odd behaviour was told to put down his knife and fork after being caught tucking into a roast duck dinner during a council meeting. jonny bucknell , 58 , was enjoying his meal in the council chamber when a labour rival , theo blackwell , spotted him and alerted other councillors. he was forced to put down his cutlery when the mayor , lazzaro pietragnoli , interrupted the proceedings to tell him off. taking a stand : jonny bucknell is no stranger to odd behaviour. in 2013 he slept in his car at the tory party conference. he now says he wants a rule change so he
an invitation to a white house state dinner has always been one of washington 's most sought-after tickets. there 's the elegant setting , vip guests in tuxedos and designer gowns and a four-course meal served up by america 's most famous kitchen. but do n't get your hopes up. president barack obama has held the fewest number of state dinners since harry s. truman , who left office 62 years ago. in his first six years , obama held just seven state dinners and will hold at least two more this year : for the leaders of japan , on april 28 ,
al horford and demarre carroll scored 20 points each to help the atlanta hawks match a franchise record with their 57th win , beating the brooklyn nets 131-99 on saturday night. however , the hawks lost forward paul millsap to a right shoulder injury in a collision with brooklyn 's earl clark with 1:52 left in the first half. there was no foul called on the play which left millsap sprawled on the floor. he grimaced as he held his shoulder while walking off the court. millsap did not return and finished with eight points and five assists. the hawks provided no immediate details on the injury. al horford scored 20
manning 's profile picture is a sketch done of her since she began living as a woman. chelsea manning , the us army solider who was convicted of leaking thousands of secret diplomatic cables to wikileaks , has begun tweeting from behind bars at leavenworth military prison in kansas. manning sent out 15 tweets on friday afternoon - mostly to thank her supporters , including the american civil liberties union , amnesty international and journalist glenn greenwald. within just a few hours @xychelsea racked up more than 16,000 followers. she also gave a shout out to tom morello , the frontman of rage against the machine. ` thank you for the support ! i 'm a huge fan
chelsea left the north london with the draw they came for , which takes them a step closer to the title. arsenal were unable to break down their opponents in an attritional game , while jose mourinho 's side rarely troubled david ospina. sportsmail 's sami mokbel gives his verdict from the emirates stadium ... arsenal. david ospina - lucky not concede a penalty after clattering into oscar - but produced a good stop to deny ramires. 6.5. hector bellerin - the youngster was preferred to fit again mathieu debuchy and justified his manager 's faith. 7. david ospina was fortunate to get away without conceding a penalty when he
researchers sketching out a ` wiring diagram ' for rat brains have discovered its structure is organized like the internet. they say the animal 's cerebral cortex is ` like a mini-internet '. the first comprehensive picture of how neurons connect to one another found local networks of neurons layered like the shells in a russian nesting doll. the internet has countless local area networks that then connect with larger , regional networks and ultimately with the backbone of the internet. the brain operates in a similar way , the researchers found. ` the cerebral cortex is like a mini-internet , ' said larry swanson , professor at the usc dornsife college of letters , arts
borussia dortmund have offered a contract extension to mats hummels as he contemplates whether it is time to leave the club. the germany international has been on manchester united 's list of targets for some time but insists he has yet to make a decision. dortmund ceo hans-joachim watzke is optimistic about extending his stay. ` we continue to plan with him , ' zorc told german magazine kicker. ` we will continue our dialogue with mats regarding our collaboration. ' mats hummels -lrb- centre -rrb- congratulates his team-mates after they beat hoffenheim 3-2 in the german cup. hummels -lrb- top right -rrb- watches
tiger woods says the par-3 contest is all about ` having fun , enjoying it and not winning '. woods played in the tournament for the first time since 2004 , and made it quite a family outing with girlfriend lindsey vonn at his side , and his children caddying for him. yet asked what his goal for it is , woods said : ` have fun , enjoy it , and do n't win. no matter what. i 've been six-under through eight , and just happen to hit two balls in the water on nine. ' tiger woods walks with
-lrb- cnn -rrb- a transportation security administration committee concluded that full screening of airport employees nationwide would not lower the overall risk to the public , according to a report released monday. the report by the tsa 's aviation security advisory committee said that full employee screening would not `` appreciably increase the overall system-wide protection. '' email your story ideas and tips to cnntips@cnn.com. full physical screening of employees also `` is incapable of determining a person 's motivations , attitudes and capabilities to cause harm , among other limitations. '' `` no single measure can provide broad-spectrum protection against risks or adversaries , '' the report said. `` therefore , risk-based , multi-layered security offers the greatest ability to mitigate risks through the application of
an ohio man who trained with al-qaeda terrorist tried to play off his time abroad as a harmless holiday when questioned by his friends , authorities said. ` i 'm chilling in istanbul , ' abdirahman sheik mohamud wrote a high school friend on facebook. ` just a vacation. ' but federal prosecutors charging mohamud with supporting terrorism and making false statements say he was actually being instructed to carry out a terrorist act in the united states. scroll down for video. abdirahman sheik mohamud , 23 , faces charges for attempting to provide and providing material support to terrorists , attempting to provide and providing material support to a designated
spacex has released dramatic footage of its third attempt to land a rocket booster on a barge in the atlantic. the video , taken from a plane yesterday , shows the falcon 9 booster lowering itself onto the platform , before a gust of wind sways it to one side. the 14-storey booster manages to hit the barge , but its high speed and tilt causes it to explode on impact. scroll down for video. spacex has released dramatic footage of its third attempt to land a rocket booster on a drone barge in the atlantic ocean. the maneuver was attempted following the launch of the falcon 9 rocket a few minutes earlier from
the body of andrew getty , naked from the waist down , was discovered in a bathroom at his gated , three-storey # 2.6 million villa in the hollywood hills on tuesday afternoon. the los angeles neighbourhood is home to many of tinseltown 's most powerful players , but getty 's surname was all that was needed to ensure his entry into that social set. the 47-year-old grandson of john paul getty , once the world 's richest man , andrew was an heir to the vast getty oil fortune. lurid early reports of his death and troubled past suggest a new chapter has opened in the tragic history of a family that epitomises , like no other , the saying that money
-lrb- cnn -rrb- mercedes driver and f1 championship leader lewis hamilton stole pole position for sunday 's chinese grand prix from teammate and fierce rival nico rosberg in dramatic fashion. hamilton took first place on the front row on the last lap , beating rosberg by a slim four hundredths of a second margin. frenemies. the two former friends have enjoyed , or rather endured , a heated rivalry since falling out last season and rosberg 's annoyance at hamilton 's last ditch success was obvious. the german appeared upset as he left his car and refused to shake hamilton 's
it 's hard to know quite what motivated the duke of york to rescue teenage sex slaves in india at the same time he faced damning allegations that he had slept with one in america. but one thing is for certain : it definitely took guts. with a remarkable initiative combining the unlikely bedfellows of fashion and compassion , it can be revealed that prince andrew has personally changed the fate of more than 100 vulnerable young women in calcutta. rescued from brothels and domestic servitude , child labour and human trafficking , the girls have been taught tailoring and silk printing through a charity called key to freedom. moved : prince andrew during his visit to an indian
it 's not just humans who have a tendency to nod off in front of the tv as this comical clip shows. sam the german shepherd was filmed at home in pennsylvania as he struggled to keep his eyes open while lying on the couch. footage shows his head slowly dipping down before he suddenly wakes up and refocuses his energy on the screen. however , he keeps repeating the same action before finally giving up and pulling a big yawn. he then sleepily rolls over and snuggles up against his owner. adding to the comedy , some smooth jazz plays away after being dubbed over the final video edit. going , going , gone : sam
sportsmail 's boxing correspondent jeff powell looks ahead to saturday 's mega-fight at the mgm grand after witnessing floyd mayweather and manny pacquiao 's grand arrivals in las vegas. both boxers made public appearances on tuesday as their $ 300million showdown draws ever closer , and our man powell was there. powell reflects on the pair 's arrivals on the las vegas strip and looks forward to the rest of the week.
a new jersey school teacher took the mic at a town hall meeting tuesday to tell presumptive 2016 presidential candidate chris christie that he needs to check his attitude at the door. ' i really feel that you need to tone it down a little bit , ' said kindergarten teacher cheryl meyer , ` if you want to become president of the united states. ' meyer said it would be difficult for her to explain to her young students why it 's okay for a presidential figure to say ` shut up ' and ` idiot. ' cool it : new jersey schoolteacher cheryl meyer told chris christie to cool it
indiana has seen a ` significant increase ' in the number of cases of hiv more than two weeks into a short-term needle exchange program approved by gov. mike pence , state health officials said on friday. there are now 120 confirmed hiv cases and 10 preliminary positive cases tied to scott county , about 30 miles north of louisville , kentucky. that 's up from 106 last week , said the indiana state department of health. health officials who declared an epidemic last month have said they expect the number of cases to rise as more people are tested. but the growing number could put pressure
-lrb- cnn -rrb- it seems ipads hold their value pretty well , especially if they have papal connections. one that pope francis once owned just sold for $ 30,500 , according to castells , an auction house in uruguay. the apple tablet had all the personal touches. `` his holiness francisco '' and `` vatican internet service , march 2013 '' were engraved on the back in spanish and italian. it also came with a keyboard and a certificate signed by the pope 's personal secretary. the proceeds will go to a school in montevideo , uruguay. it 's not the first time a papal hand-me-down has gone for big bucks. last year
there was more drama than expected at a thespian awards ceremony this week , as an honoree slipped off the stage and nearly crushed musicians in the orchestra pit. harrison poe was announced as best supporting actor at the annual tommy tune awards on tuesday in houston , texas , but the high school student had a little difficulty navigating the stage. tv cameras caught him confidently getting up to accept the accolade before slipping and falling headfirst into the darkness. according to ktrk news , which was filming the event , poe fell into a net covering the orchestra pit and luckily no one was hurt below. scroll down for video. caught on camera : there was more drama than expected at a thespian awards ceremony this week , as an awardee slipped off the stage and
abandoned , rusting and desolate , the hulking remnants of these old bangers have been claimed by nature. german photographer dieter klein travelled the world to find vintage cars left to crumble in leafy forests and fields. he came across a range of mysterious graveyards hosting all sorts of vehicles , including a rare jaguar xk120 , which , if restored , could be worth # 82,000 , and a fleet of vehicles used by the allies in the second world war. many of the cars , often with doors , tires or windows missing , are parked on forest floors where nature has taken them over. dieter , 57
as this image gets larger , what do you see ? most people will pick out a phantom-like picture of albert einstein. but if you see a hollywood pin-up , you may need a trip to the opticians. at normal viewing distance , healthy eyes should be able to pick up the fine lines on einstein 's face , causing the brain to disregard marilyn monroe 's image altogether. scroll down for video. the image was created by superimposing a blurry picture of monroe over a picture of albert einstein drawn in fine lines. features with a high spatial frequency -lrb- einstein -rrb- are only visible when you 're viewing them close up
-lrb- cnn -rrb- cigarettes have been put out across the bars of new orleans. cigars are welcome no more. the city known for excess of everything -- drinking , eating , dancing in the street until all hours -- went smoke-free as tuesday became wednesday at midnight. how can that be ? it turns out that the city known for its over-the-top mardi gras celebrations and incredible jazz fests -lrb- starting friday ! -rrb- did n't want its waiters and musicians to have to breathe smoke to do their jobs anymore. the new orleans city council passed its ban against smoking in most places across the city -- including bars , casinos and restaurants -- in january , and the vote was unanimous ,
emma hannigan had her breasts and ovaries removed in 2006 to reduce her risk of cancer after she was diagnosed with the faulty brca1 gene. a mother-of-two has battled cancer nine times in the last seven years , despite having her breasts and ovaries removed to try and prevent the disease. emma hannigan was told in 2005 that she carried the faulty brca1 gene , which increases a woman 's chance of getting breast cancer by 85 per cent , and ovarian cancer by 50 per cent. she opted to have a double mastectomy and oophorectomy the following year , to reduce her risk. but despite the
-lrb- cnn -rrb- are you smarter than a really smart singapore high school student ? see if you can figure out cheryl 's birthday , the singapore logic problem that 's got the internet twisted into knots. some are even saying it 's the math equivalent of the `` what color is the dress '' debate. the puzzling problem went viral after singapore television host kenneth kong posted it to facebook. cheryl 's birthday challenge was meant to test the better high-school students competing in the singapore and asian schools math olympiad , held april 8. here it is : cheryl has a birthday , and she does n't want to share it right away. -lrb- otherwise , we have no challenge to solve. -rrb- so she
are you partial to a prawn mayo sandwich , drawn by the lure of a shrimp cocktail on a menu ? once only enjoyed by the affluent , prawns are now a healthy , cheap option filling supermarkets , sandwich bars and restaurants across the world. but have you ever stopped to think about where the ones you 're eating have come from ? forget sun-kissed seas and a lone fisherman casting his nets into the indian ocean to haul in his catch. for a new report shows that idyllic picture could not be further from the truth. a new study
chris ramsey believes three wins from the last five games will be enough to secure queens park rangers ' top flight status. rangers are in the drop zone of the barclays premier league with 28 points as they prepare for a london derby at home to west ham. ` if you win three games you 're probably going to stay up , ' said ramsey. ` as long as we 're above the line come the end of may we 'll be happy. i just care if we win. i just take care of our own game. if we do n't get good results it does n't matter what they do. queens park rangers boss chris ramsey believes
since marrying king felipe of spain in 2004 , queen letizia has continued to regularly up the style stakes. and the glamorous monarch put on a smart show on a visit to a conference in barcelona in a white trouser suit with a blush-coloured silk top and woven clutch. the 42-year-old was clearly dresses for spring for her visit to the science museum , cosmocaixa. summer shades : spain 's queen letizia attended a conference for rare childhood diseases in barcelona. the mum-of-two -lrb- pictured right -rrb- stepped out in a striking white tailored suit with complementary nude accessories. spain 's queen -lrb- pictured centre -rrb- strode into science museum , cosmocaixa , in a relaxed manner ,
if you 're heading to the beach in oregon this spring , you wo n't be alone. the sands are awash with thousands of blue jellyfish-like creatures known as velella velella. the small creatures are easily blown to the shores of oregon , california and washington during strong winds this time of year thanks to a blue sail on the tops of their bodies. in oregon , there are more velella velella across beaches than usual , experts say. they are covering beaches including seaside , manzanita , astoria and rockaway beach. incredible : thousands of velella velella can be seen across seaside beach in oregon after strong
seoul , south korea -lrb- cnn -rrb- on march 20 , 2013 , a cyberattack brought chaos to several banks and media outlets in south korea. then more ominously on december 23 last year , computers at the country 's nuclear operator were breached. again cybercrime was suspected. the source of these attacks ? north korea. and south korean investigators say they have proof -- the actual malicious codes used in the attacks. they shared this data with cnn. the 2013 attack , known as `` dark seoul , '' paralyzed an estimated 48,000 computers at a number of major banks and broadcasters , disrupting network systems and wiping
in telly terms , the fa cup has had quite - what they like to call in the trade - a ` journey ' this season. this weekend saw its tv channel sidekicks deliver a double header with a new ally to help set the scene. this no doubt will have the purists , and perhaps even some fans of the four teams involved , spitting at the very mention. but with wembley on board for both games , i doubt the bbc and bt sport will have minded presenting their coverage from hq. however , on saturday evening , ian wright was dead sheepish about it in the
australian artist george gittoes says his 2015 sydney peace prize is welcome recognition that ` creativity is the opposite of war '. the 65-year-old was named as the recipient on saturday in recognition of his 45 years chronicling conflicts around the world. the jury recognised gittoes ` for his courage to witness and confront violence in the war zones of the world ' and for ` enlisting the arts to subdue aggression '. australian artist george gittoes , pictured at his studio in bundeena - south of sydney in 2007 , has just been awarded the sydney peace prize. the 65-year-old was named as the recipient on saturday in recognition of his 45 years chronicling conflicts around the
masters wednesday began on a sombre note when australian marc leishman , who got so close to victory in 2013 before finishing tied fourth behind countryman adam scott , had to withdraw. his wife audrey spent part of last week in an induced coma owing to a serious infection. leishman left augusta taking with him the best wishes of his sport. marc leishman has withdrawn from this year 's competition to be with his wife. masters chairman billy payne talked a lot about growing the game but he ruled out any idea of starting a women 's masters. ` we have a very short member season at augusta national of seven months , ' he explained. ` the time that we dedicate to the preparation and conduct of
-lrb- cnn -rrb- their eyes reflect childhoods marked by tragedy. their faces show wrinkles made deeper by pain and the passage of time. tomasz lazar spent hours photographing and interviewing adults who were ripped from their homes as children in the 1940s and forced to live thousands of miles away in siberia. `` for me those faces are like maps , '' lazar said. `` the more you look at them , the more you are discovering. '' soviet authorities invaded poland during world war ii and deported hundreds of thousands of poles. some were sent to prison camps in the frozen wilderness of central russia. many were children. in effect , moscow stole much of an entire generation of young poles
it was a real-life fairytale -- the moment , 70 years ago , when two carefully guarded princesses were let loose to join the jubilant crowds in london celebrating the end of the second world war in europe. now the adventure has been re-created in a new film , showing the young princesses elizabeth and margaret as they wander incognito through the city streets. and among the most curious viewers of a royal night out , released next month to coincide with the anniversary of ve day on may 8 , 1945 , will be a woman who knows better than anyone what really happened on that extraordinary night. scroll down for video. royal role : canadian sarah gadon , left. plays a young
havana , cuba -lrb- cnn -rrb- all eyes are going to be on the new kid finally allowed to play and the big kid who for so long wanted nothing to do with him -- cuba and the united states in the same diplomatic playground. cuba pulled off a diplomatic coup by marshaling the support of other regional countries to insist on their attendance at the summit of the americas. and for the first time since 1962 , the u.s. has not blocked cuba 's attempt to join. now it 's time to see how they play and who they play with -- especially venezuela , which often falls out with washington for crushing dissent at home and supplying havana with billions
a restless baby has been lulled to sleep by her father 's impression of darth vader. madison avery crotty , from san diego , is seen screaming and crying until her doting dad decides to try out his terrifying impersonation. in a new video posted online , the wriggling one-month-old seems to doze off as soon as thomas ` buddy ' starts his deep breathing technique. scroll for video. little madison crotty is seen crying until her doting father buddy decided to try out his impersonation. buddy had tried out several types of ` white noise ' sounds to try and get madison to
daniel sturridge is well-known for showing off his dance moves , but the striker 's shapes were no match for a young liverpool fan. the reds frontman was challenged to a dance-off by kop kids presenter paisley back in february and duly obliged only to be left red-faced by the talented youngster. before the pair showed each other their moves , paisley sat down with the former chelsea man to ask him how important dancing and music is in his lift. daniel sturridge poses with kop kids presenter paisley ahead of their dance-off in february. the pair shake hands before sitting down for a quick
get ready to dig deep - the impulse to buy a treat peaks today at 12.52 pm. a study claims that britons spend an average of # 62 a week on rewarding themselves , with retail therapy reaching a high at lunchtime today. treats can range from as little as a bar of chocolate or a glass of wine to designer clothes and shoes , according to research by website vouchercodes.co.uk. a study reveals that britons spend an average of # 62 a week on rewarding themselves , with retail therapy reaching a high at lunchtime today. treats can range from a bar of chocolate to a glass of wine. and surprisingly , men spend a third more a month than women on treating themselves. they are also more likely
an associate dean of students at the university of virginia said wednesday a widely discredited rolling stone article caused her professional and personal harm by portraying her as insensitive and unresponsive to an alleged victim of a gang rape. nicole p. eramo said in an open letter wednesday to the magazine 's publisher , jann s. wenner , that the magazine has not done enough to make amends. ` rolling stone has deeply damaged me both personally and professionally , ' eramo wrote. ` using me as the personification of a heartless administration , the rolling stone article attacked my life 's work. ' scroll down to read full letter
an albuquerque man opened fire at a customer he argued with at a gas station -- and then used his 13-year-old son as a getaway driver , police say. sergio barrientos-hinojosa was arrested late saturday. no one was injured. police say an inebriated barrientos-hinojosa had his 13-year-old son take him to buy beer at the gas station , where he got into an argument and started shooting at another customer. scroll down for video. father : police say an inebriated sergio barrientos-hinojosa had his 13-year-old son take him to buy beer at the gas station , where he got into an argument and started
-lrb- cnn -rrb- the outlines of a nuclear deal with iran are in place. unfortunately , it seems like too many in president barack obama 's administration have forgotten that the only reason this terrorist-supporting state came to the negotiating table in the first place was because of tough sanctions imposed by the u.s. congress. indeed , the reality is that president obama is giving up enormous leverage in his nuclear deal with iran -- and i worry we will lose it for good. bleeding money , and faced with falling oil prices , supreme leader ayatollah khamenei gave his government rare permission to bargain with the `` great satan '' -- the united states. but just as u.s. and european sanctions were forcing iran to the nuclear crossroads ,
a birthday gift for 24-year-old man at a florida speedway ended in tragedy when he plowed the $ 220,000 lamborghini he was driving into a guardrail , killing his 36-year-old passenger. tavon watson was taking racing advice from instructor gary terry on sunday when he lost control of the italian supercar at the exotic driving experience at walt disney world in florida. father-of-one terry died at the scene while watson was rushed to celebration hospital near lake buene vista for treatment where he was later declared stable. ` guess who 's driving a ferrari 458 italia lstrf today ? ' : watson uploaded this picture to facebook yesterday
-lrb- cnn -rrb- once hillary clinton 's official announcement went online , social media responded in a big way , with terms like `` hillary clinton , '' '' #hillary2016 , '' and yes , even '' #whyimnotvotingforhillary '' trending.
a new york city tattoo parlor at the center of a vh1 reality series just got a serving of drama - but not the kind that makes for good publicity. a woman from south carolina is suing harlem tattoo parlor black ink , claiming an artist there did a botch job on a chest piece that left her disfigured and in pain. the harlem tattoo parlor 's owner and artists star in their own reality show , black ink crew , which has had three seasons. scroll down for video. scarred : asabi barner , 37 -lrb- pictured -rrb- , is suing black ink tattoo parlor in harlem , new york city
a furious motorist has plastered his # 35,000 audi a5 with slogans and parked it outside the dealership he bought it from because it uses a litre of oil every time he fills it up. ravi beefnah , 34 , parked his white audi a5 - which is covered in red lettering - outside the entrance of the dealership in chelmsford , essex , in february as a warning to other buyers. two months later and mr beefnah 's protest is still there , with the owner claiming that audi have failed to resolve his long-running complaint about the engine and fix the car. scroll down for video. ravi beefnah
ben grower -lrb- above -rrb- , a labour councillor , refused to deal with a constituent because they supported ukip , it has been claimed. a labour councillor refused to deal with a local resident because they supported ukip , it has been claimed. pensioner alan roberts wrote to bournemouth borough council complaining about a lack of action over fly-tipping. he signed off his email with : ` that 's why i 'll be voting ukip '. ben grower , leader of the authority 's labour group , responded : ` as you now appear to be a supporter of a racist party please do not send me any
john knott shot his terminally ill wife anne dead before turning the shotgun on himself after the couple apparently made a pact to die together. a retired managing director at the ` end of his tether ' over his wife 's alzheimer 's and plans for a traveller camp near their home shot her dead before killing himself , an inquest heard yesterday. pensioners john and elizabeth knott lived in an ` idyllic ' # 500,000 retirement cottage in the village of bosbury , near ledbury in herefordshire. but mr knott , 71 , had been struggling to cope after his wife developed alzheimer 's disease and a travelling family bought a plot of land next door. he had spent months battling plans for the traveller encampment on
ronny deila is preparing for the william hill scottish cup semi-final against inverness , believing celtic themselves provide the biggest hurdle to their treble hopes. the scottish league cup winners are eight points clear of aberdeen at the top of the scottish premiership with six games remaining and strong favourites to make it four in a row. asked ahead of the trip to hampden park on sunday if he felt he had a treble-winning squad at his disposal , the norwegian boss said :. ronny deila is preparing his celtic side for sunday 's scottish cup semi-final against inverness. as they ready themselves for the trip to hampden park , celtic will be focused on treble hopes. ` we will see but i really believe
prince william , dutiful fellow that he is , has announced that he will be taking six weeks of paternity leave. god willing , his wife the duchess of cambridge will give birth to their next child in a few days ' time , at which point the prince , having been excused from training with east anglia air ambulance , will roll up the sleeves of his viyella shirt and tell his beloved as she lies , exhausted , on her maternity hospital bed : ` o duchess of my dreams , i am at your beck and call , coiled like a watchspring to hold milk bottles and change nappies until the first week of june '. six weeks !
arkansas republican gov. asa hutchinson said wednesday that he wo n't sign a religious freedom bill that his state 's legislature sent to him on tuesday , citing influence from his politically liberal son. he is sending it back to lawmakers , he told reporters , for amendments that will bring it more in line with the 1993 federal religious freedom restoration act -- which critics say better protected the rights of gays and lesbians. hutchinson said during his press conference that his son had in part convinced him not to sign the bill into law. ` my son seth , signed the petition asking me , dad , the governor , to veto this bill , ' hutchinson said. ` and he gave me permission to make
-lrb- cnn -rrb- the marriage apocalypse may be coming. talk to any millennial and you can envision an america virtually marriage-free , with everyone happily single. i did. and i do. recently , i talked about marriage with a group of journalism students from my alma mater , kent state university. they came to me for career advice , which i gave them , but i also picked their brains about politics , religion and marriage. their views on marriage intrigued me the most. 'cause , guess what ? they do n't care what your generation thinks -- they 'll get married if
they 're two words that strike fear into parents ' hearts and leave the entire family exhausted and emotional : temper tantrum. these outbursts can be triggered by anything from being refused an ice cream to frustration at an early bedtime. now a new video created by oprah winfrey 's own tv , reveals just what 's happening in a child 's mind when they become angry and upset - and the best way to help them calm down. scroll down for video. when i 'm mad , my brain can get a headache and it can start hurting , ' says one child , explaining what goes on in his head when he starts to feel angry. a
when walking into the backyard of your seaside condo , the only things you would hope to find are the waves lapping at the shore , or a sunset over the ocean. however , one florida homeowner was shocked to find a nine foot bull shark swimming right past his back door. this incredible video captured the moment the extremely dangerous predator prowled past the property at the north end of hickory island , in bonita springs. this is the moment a nine foot long bull shark , considered among the deadliest in the world , was captured swimming past a condo back yard on hikcory island in florida. the beast can be seen just under the the water , with its
vijaya gadde , twitter 's top lawyer , admitted it has been ` inexcusably slow ' in tackling online trolls. twitter 's top lawyer has admitted it has been ` inexcusably slow ' in tackling online trolls who make the lives of others a misery. vijaya gadde said the social network had let internet abuse go ` unchecked ' because it did not recognise the scope and scale of the problem. miss gadde said twitter had tripled the size of the team that deals with online abuse -- because it had to do better. she made the announcement on the day a study found that 88 per cent of abusive behaviour on social media happens on
istanbul , turkey -lrb- cnn -rrb- sitting on a sunny bench in istanbul 's gezi park , fadime gurgen dismisses the controversy surrounding the 100th anniversary friday of the massacre of armenians under the ottoman empire with a wave of her hand. gurgen , a 55-year-old cleaner , says her family has had close friendships with armenians going back generations. `` there is no such thing as genocide , '' she says. `` other people are trying to create hostility between us. '' most turks agree with gurgen. ninety-one percent of turks do not believe that the events of 1915 -- when , according to armenians , 1.5 million ethnic armenians were systematically killed in the final years of the ottoman empire -- were genocide , according to a recent poll. it 's a sentiment shared by the turkish government ,
tracey neville would say she has never lived in the shadow of her footballing brothers. she might not have enjoyed their fame or their financial success. at the peak of her career as an england netball player who won bronze medals at the commonwealth games and world cup , she earned just # 742 a month. but there has been no shortage of ambition and no lack of personality. she is phil neville 's twin and i ask her which of them , back on january 21 , 1977 , emerged first. ' i do n't think there was ever any way philip was coming out before me , ' she says in a broad bury accent enriched by an endearing burst of laughter. tracey neville , pictured at hotel football in manchester , is phil neville 's twin and
a mother-of-one has revealed how she overcame anorexia and depression by becoming a bodybuilder. kira hollis was diagnosed with borderline personality disorder three years ago after a lengthy battle with depression and body dysmorphia. she had been self-harming and experienced from aggressive outbursts - and at just 6st , she was deemed clinically underweight. scroll down for video. kira hollis weighed just 6st at the time doctors diagnosed her with borderline personality disorder -lrb- left -rrb-. now a healthy 9.5 st -lrb- right -rrb- , she reveals how bodybuilding gave her the confidence to overcome depression. doctors had ordered the 27-year-old , from tamworth , staffordshire , to go to the gym to gain some weight. the 27-year-old , from
murdered : road rage victim shahnawaz was returning home from a family function when the shocking attack occurred. at around 10.30 pm on sunday , turkman gate lived up to delhi 's reputation as a city that has lost its soul. two children , 13 and nine years old , stood wailing and begging bystanders as five local strongmen mercilessly beat their father to death over a traffic quarrel. road rage claimed another life. no one in the crowd came forward. the police did not arrive from a chowki merely 50 metres away. you could tick every item on delhi 's infamous check-list. when no one came to their father
-lrb- cnn -rrb- duke university students and faculty members marched wednesday afternoon chanting `` we are not afraid. we stand together , '' after a noose was found hanging from a tree on campus. duke officials have asked anyone with information about the rope noose , which was found near a student center at 2 a.m. , to call campus police. photos of the noose prompted outrage from the community as they were passed along on social media. at a forum held on the steps of duke chapel , close to where the noose was hung , hundreds of people gathered. `` you came here for the reason that you want to say with me ,
officially it 's known as a ` forward three-and-a-half somersaults with one twist pike ' but unofficially it 's the ` firework ' and tom daley hopes it 's the dive that turns london bronze into rio gold. the former world champion knows he needs to push the boundaries of his sport and spent most of last year battling to master his ` demon ' dive , a dizzying combination of somersaults and twists he had hoped would prove the difference. however , along with new coach jane figueiredo he spent the winter modifying a new plunge , something that has never been attempted before. daley spent long hours on the trampoline perfecting technique before building the dive in stages
waterloo , iowa -lrb- cnn -rrb- martin o'malley and jim webb share little in common. both democrats are toying with a presidential run , both are facing long odds in that endeavor , and both shared a stage at the polk county democrats awards dinner in des moines , iowa , on friday night. but , as was evident at the dinner , that is where the similarities end. o'malley is a former mayor and maryland governor who seems most at home when he is pressing the flesh at events and introducing himself to anyone who would extend their hand. webb , on the contrary , is a decorated vietnam war veteran and
it 's the fat-shaming/fit-shaming controversy that 's refusing to go away. online fitness company protein world caused a twitter storm recently with its london underground poster of a genetically-blessed model in a small yellow bikini , asking : ` are you beach body ready ? ' the poster , promoting weight loss , came under fire from some feminists and body image campaigners who branded the campaign body-shaming and called for the offending images to be removed. transport for london are in the process of removing the ad , and now internet pranksters have hit back with their own version of the poster , this time
all eyes will be on ap mccoy as he bids for a dream end to his career but i have a strong feeling that a horse he could have ridden is going to come back to haunt him. the 19-time champion jockey could have ridden cause of causes who , like his mount shutthefrontdoor , is owned by his boss jp mcmanus. he has ridden him three times before. while it was ultimately no surprise he chose shutthefrontdoor , a runner with strong credentials , cause of causes also has very good reasons why he should be backed. cause of causes at cheltenham last month. he was second at the 2014 cheltenham festival and then landed the four-mile national hunt chase at last month 's
a pigeon-lover from utah has had a giant aviary in his backyard torn down following a three-year legal battle with the city council. boris majnaric , 75 , of south jordan , built the 384-sq-ft , four-room bird house in 1996 and went on to rear more than 200 birds - five times over the legal limit. over the years neighbors filed a torrent of complaints about the pigeons , detailing excess droppings and noise and last tuesday the structure was finally demolished. majnaric , who was so fond of his flock he once delivered cpr to an ailing member , was not present for the demolition. heartache : in this tuesday , march 31
a hillary clinton campaign official explained on monday why her presidential advisers have brought pre-screened partisans to some events promoted as an opportunity for the former secretary of state to meet with ` everyday americans. ' just steps away in a keene , new hampshire bakery , a few run-of-the-mill people decided they did n't want to be seen with her. ` there was a bit of a thing back here when she came in , ' explained marcia dubois , a cashier at kristin 's bistro & bakery on washington street , where clinton spent a half-hour talking with customers and shaking hands. ' a few of the staff did n't want to come out to meet hillary , ' dubois said.
wayne rooney believes manchester united team-mate marouane fellaini has gone from old trafford scapegoat to one of the most dangerous forwards in europe. fellaini was one of the stars of united 's manchester derby demolition of neighbours city on sunday and was recently described as almost undroppable by manager louis van gaal. now rooney has revealed his admiration for the former everton forward , saying : ` he is getting used in the right way. he is a handful for defenders to mark. marouane fellaini has enjoyed an upturn in fortunes in recent week at manchester united. ` we like to play out from the back and if teams are pressing us then we have
characterised by their long beak and large throat poach used for catching prey and draining water , pelicans are already aesthetically peculiar looking birds. but it turns out that watching one yawn is an even stranger visual experience , as an american man discovered after coming face-to-face with one of the birds. capturing the footage in santa barbara , california , scott kaiser filmed the back of the large pelican sitting on a post overlooking the water. recording the bird in slow motion , the video maker later noted that the pelican looked majestic , content and relaxed at this point in the clip. before it
fashion-conscious militants fighting for the islamic state in syria have been dealt a blow after their commanders banned them wearing products made by nike. the sports brand features prominently on a leaflet distributed in the terror group 's de facto capital raqqa warning isis jihadis about items of clothing they are no longer allowed to wear. the news comes shortly after one militant decried the popularity of nike among isis fighters , comparing the brand 's name and famous ` tick ' logo to wearing a christian cross. his comments prompted a fierce debate with fellow jihadis who argued that it was perfectly acceptable to wear nike products because they are ` comfy and good quality , unlike crosses '. banned : the sports brand
struggling to drift off ? ed sheeran could be what you need , and lots of it. it turns out the 24-year-old british singer-songwriter is the reigning king of sending music-listeners to the land of nod - presumably through his song 's relaxing qualities. music streaming service spotify has analysed over 2.8 million users ' playlists labelled ` sleep ' , and sheeran 's thinking out loud features as the top song that people fall asleep to. music streaming service spotify has analysed 2.8 million ` sleep ' playlists and revealed that ed sheeran 's hit song , thinking out loud , is the top song that people fall asleep to.
sitting front row at fashion week is a coveted position. not just for the best view in the house and the chance that your neighbour might be a celebrity or anna wintour ... but for the goodie bag. stars , buyers and fashion editors in the ` frow ' are often showered with gift bags stuffed with treats from the show sponsors. the maticevski show at mercedes-benz fashion week australia on tuesday went above and beyond to impress guests , with front row attendees given a personalised tablet. but a few of the highly-prized gifts went missing when someone with sticky fingers - perhaps a disgruntled second row
-lrb- cnn -rrb- in 1944 , 16-year-old yong soo lee of taegu , korea , was lured by a friend of hers to meet with an older japanese man. the man took the two of them , and three other teenage girls , by train , then ship , to taiwan. there , the girls were forced into sexual slavery , serving four to five japanese soldiers every day for a year. lee suffered beatings and torture , was infected with a venereal disease , was fed paltry amounts of food , faced temperatures so cold that ice formed on her body , and was never allowed outside. only the end of world war ii brought her relief. lee is just one example of the over
a series of billboards posted around new york city are seeking to encourage residents to consider a move east to detroit. the ads are the brainchild of a trio of people opening a new thai restaurant in the motor city who not only want exposure for their new business but also to promote detroit as an alternative for new yorkers who feel that city has got too expensive for them. ` the idea really is to spread the word about detroit as far as we can. we love the idea of detroit being appealing to talented people from new york or anywhere , ' said detroit native courtney henriette told the detroit news. a series of billboards posted around new york city - including this one in bushwick in brooklyn
a lithuanian talk show has accused norway of stealing their children in an attempt to tackle ` the highest rate of inbreeding in the world '. the episode of an hour with ruta , which aired on independent tv channel lnk last week , claimed that foreign children were being seized and fostered with norwegian parents to strengthen the nordic country 's ` genetic material. ' an introduction to the chat show argued that norway 's child protection service -lrb- barnevernet -rrb- argued that it was deliberately targeting lithuanian children which were seen as a ` sought-after commodity '. lithuanian talk show an hour with ruta -lrb-
secret service agents will take a bullet for the president of the united states , but apparently they wo n't swim for him. when the public commissions with jurisdiction over the white house heard proposals for beefing up the presidential mansion 's perimiter , they were told that the government would n't be digging a moat around the building. that idea , it turns out , was actually under consideration. but nbc-tv4 in washington reported that ` there was concern expressed about having to retrieve people from it. ' ultimately saner heads prevailed : the national park service and the secret service are recommending the addition of half-inch-thick spikes , angled away from the white house , to the existing fence. scroll down for
a pregnant popeyes employee in texas says that she was fired from her job at the fast food chain after being robbed and refusing to personally pay back the money that was stolen. marissa holcomb , who is five months pregnant with her fourth child , was held at up at the fried chicken chain store in channelview on march 31. a man armed with a handgun and his face concealed by a red beanie ran into the store and jumped the counter , forcing holcomb to empty the registers before making off with $ 400. however afterwards , holcomb , shaken by the experience , was given an ultimatum by her managers - replace what was taken or lose her job. scroll down for video. ' i just had a gun to me. i 'm not paying the money ' :
it 's hard to imagine exactly what is going on in the heads of parents who would give their daughter a name like ` airwrecker ' - an alternative spelling to ` erica ' - but apparently , such a thing exists. a new reddit thread asking users to submit the most horrendous baby names they have ever come across has attracted more than 18,000 comments in just 24 hours , and turned up a treasure trove of bad parental judgement calls. femail has compiled the worst examples , including the names ` orgasm ' , submitted by the daughter of a midwife who has heard her fair share of horror stories , and ` mazen ' , because ` it was ` mazen ' -lrb- amazing -rrb- when
jonjo o'neill hosted a media stable visit on thursday at his jackdaws castle yard in gloucestershire and said he could not be happier with favourite for the crabbie 's grand national , shutthefrontdoor. he trains shutthefrontdoor for his principal patron j p mcmanus , who owns jackdaws castle and retains ap mccoy , the record-breaking jump jockey who is about to gain his 20th consecutive jockeys ' championship and retire. mccoy has not decided yet whether he is riding shutthefrontdoor in the # 1million crabbie 's grand national at aintree on april 11 , but everything points to him doing so. jonjo o'neill hopes jockey ap mccoy rides shutthefrontdoor to grand national success later this month. o'neill told betfred : `
-lrb- cnn -rrb- twenty years ago , on april 19 , 1995 , timothy mcveigh detonated a massive truck bomb in front of the murrah federal building in oklahoma city. the attack killed 168 men , women and children , injured hundreds more , and remains the deadliest act of domestic terrorism in u.s. history. the attack 's aftermath saw a storm of media coverage with themes such as `` attack on the heartland '' and america 's `` lost innocence. '' in fact , the bombing took the country by surprise. it was n't simply the scale of the tragedy that drew attention , but the fact that the bombing exposed something new :
historians have unearthed nearly 2,000 perfectly preserved examples of poignant graffiti written on the walls of a cave 100 feet beneath the french countryside by doomed first world war soldiers just weeks before they were to join the fighting on the western front. the inscriptions were found in naours - a two-hour drive north of paris - and left for posterity by young men facing the horror of trench warfare a few dozen miles away at the somme. the site 's proximity to the battlefields , where more than a million men were killed or wounded , adds to the discovery 's importance , with experts saying : ` it provides insight into how they found a sense of meaning in the
she realised something was wrong when her grandmother struggled to use her knife and fork. oscar nominee carey mulligan subsequently watched alzheimer 's disease take hold of margaret booth. now , 14 years after mrs booth , affectionately known as nans by the actress , was diagnosed , miss mulligan has revealed her anger at how dismissively dementia sufferers are treated. hollywood actress carey mulligan says more needs to be done to raise awareness of dementia. her grandmother margaret booth , who she is pictured with here on a charity walk , suffers with the illness. the 29-year-old said she watched as her grandmother , a former teacher , develop problems with her memory. mulligan , a patron of the alzheimer
raheem sterling gave a revealing insight into his future on wednesday , insisting he was not a money-grabbing 20-year-old despite turning down a liverpool contract worth # 100,000-a-week. the england winger instead pointed to his desire to finish out the season before considering any more offers , focusing on winning trophies with his club for the time being. but how much of what sterling told bbc sport can we believe ? sportsmail 's riath al-samarrai tries his hand at interpreting. liverpool star raheem sterling gave a revealing insight into his liverpool talks with bbc sport. what he said : ` i would never
-lrb- cnn -rrb- here you go , galaxy. the force is back. at an emotional event in anaheim , california , director j.j. abrams and the `` star wars : episode vii -- the force awakens '' cast showed off for the audience and then capped the presentation with the trailer for the new film. the audience gasped , cheered and applauded. the cast was appreciative of the welcome. `` you 're more than fans. you 're family , '' mark hamill told the crowd. carrie fisher was also there , though without her trademark princess leia hair buns. they 're `` retired , '' she said. airline unveils ` star wars ' 787 dreamliner painted like
fighter ace : douglas bader 's story is to be told in a hollywood film dubbed ` the first great escape ' the story of how douglas bader recovered from having both legs amputated to become one of britain 's greatest fighter aces is remarkable enough. but now another astonishing but little-known chapter of his war career is to be told in a hollywood film being dubbed ` the first great escape '. bader -- who lost his legs in a flying accident in 1931 -- was shot down over france in august 1941 and ended up in a german prison camp in warburg. it was there that the officer , who always made light of his disability and refused to even
a japanese priest has vowed to crack down onto drink driving in the most cinematic way possible : dressing up as a superhero and patrolling the streets on his motorbike. shinjiro kumagai is a ` mild mannered ' clergyman at a local buddhist temple called gokurakuji in kitakyushu , southwest japan. but after the days work is done , he dresses up as iconic japanese sci-fi tv hero kamen rider 1 and takes to the streets to lay down the law , according to japan today. bizarre images depict kumagai riding around kitakyushu in full kamen rider gear - which makes
she 's the benefits street resident who wants to become britain 's next top supermodel. and now sherrell dillion has revealed she has landed herself a place in a top competition. however , the single mother-of-two , who was featured in the hit channel 4 series which saw her desperately searching for work , now says she is technically homeless. scroll down for video. sherrell dillion from benefits street has been given a place in the top model of colour competition , however , her good news is marred by the fact that she is currently homeless. sherrell starred on benefits street alongside white dee and she says she feels happiness for her co-star. sheena says she has nowhere to live following a mice infestation at her home in eva road , which
a nervous lindsey vonn was back at augusta on friday to watch her beau tiger woods in his quest for a fifth masters title - and fifth green jacket. and while it was a good day woods , the golfing great still had some stressful moments and still has a way to go in catching up to leader , 21-year-old jordan spieth. heading into the weekend he is a very , very distant 12 strokes behind a seemingly unstoppable spieth , with 36 holes left to play. scroll down for video. lindsey vonn was back at augusta friday to watch boyfriend tiger woods -lrb- above -rrb-
the sailor who claimed to have ` miraculously ' survived for 66 days at sea has responded to sceptics around the world -- saying : ` god knows i am a truthful man '. louis jordan , 37 , who was rescued 200 miles off the north carolina coast , said he survived for more than two months on his stricken boat by eating fish he caught by trailing dirty clothes in the ocean , and by catching rainwater in a bucket. but doubters have questioned how jordan -- who declined medical help despite claiming to have broken a shoulder and who appears well-fed , with pale , unblemished
-lrb- cnn -rrb- oprah 's in there. so 's bill murray , george clooney , scarlett johansson , jerry seinfeld , howard stern , tina fey , michael keaton and ray romano. on tuesday , `` the late show with david letterman '' announced some of the guests for the talk show host 's final month of broadcasts. the last `` late show '' will air wednesday , may 20. among the notables are oprah winfrey , with whom letterman has had an on-and-off faux feud for years ; clooney , who 's starring in `` tomorrowland , '' which will be released on may 22 ; and stern ,
javier hernandez made it six goals in eight starts as real madrid kept up their pursuit of barcelona at the top of la liga with a 4-2 win over celta vigo. chicharito is currently scoring a goal every 83 minutes with a scoring ratio that is only two minutes short of lionel messi who nets once every 81 minutes. the manchester united loanee put his team in the champions league semi-finals in midweek with the winner against atletico madrid and in baliados on sunday night he scored twice to keep real in the title race. read pete jenson 's full match report here. host commentator. real
a sign written in ancient greek and latin warning cyclists not to chain their bikes to railings in cambridge has been branded ` elitist '. the notice has been fixed outside a university building in portugal place - but the message contains grammatical errors , according to one expert. it warns that bikes will be ` removed or destroyed ' if they are left behind a building previously used by the greek orthodox church. warning : a sign written in ancient greek and latin telling cyclists not to leave their bikes chained to railings has been erected outside a university building in cambridge. the sign , put up behind a building previously used by the greek orthodox church , has been branded ` elitist '
oldham athletic have signed ronaldo. but fans of manchester united fear not - the league one club have not snaffled their old boy from the mighty real madrid. the man in question is 16-year-old ronaldo brown who has joined the latics after being released by liverpool. like his namesake , the teenager has explosive pace and plays on the wing. ronaldo brown -lrb- left -rrb- , pictured on tour of the nou camp in barcelona , has signed for oldham athletic. the 16-year-old is named after brazil 's former striker ronaldo , who is pictured scoring in the 2002 world cup. but he
-lrb- cnn -rrb- a group of six young minnesota men conspired to sneak into syria and join isis `` by any means necessary , '' federal prosecutors said monday. the group of friends , ages 19 to 21 , were arrested sunday. `` what 's remarkable about this case was that nothing stopped these defendants from plotting their goal , '' said u.s. attorney andrew m. luger of the district of minnesota. `` they were not confused young men. they were not easily influenced. these are focused men who are intent on joining a terrorist organization by any means possible. '' recruiting for the isis
-lrb- cnn -rrb- he 's been part of a wildly popular superhero team since its very beginning. but there 's something we never knew about bobby drake , aka iceman of the x-men. wednesday 's issue of `` all-new x-men '' no. 40 reveals the truth : bobby is gay. `` there are thousands if not millions of stories of people who , for many different reasons , felt the need to hide their sexuality , '' brian michael bendis , who wrote the issue , said in a statement to cnn. `` the x-men , with the conceit of time travel , give us a fascinating platform in which to examine such personal
jessica ennis-hill has revealed she faces her ` biggest challenge ever ' as she attempts to juggle being a mother with winning gold at next year 's rio olympics. britain 's golden girl of athletics is ready to step back on the track nine months after the birth of son reggie and next month she will take on katarina-johnson thompson , 22 , who has risen to prominence in ennis-hill 's absence , winning pentathlon gold at the european indoor championships last month and taking her british record. after the inevitable sleepless nights and the weight sessions in her garage to
tensions between marine le pen , the leader of the french national front , and her father have escalated , as the 86-year-old founder of the far-right party defended having described nazi gas chambers as a ` detail of history '. in words which will revive accusations that the far-right party remains anti-semitic , jean-marie le pen said he had ` never regretted ' making similar statements in the past. his daughter and current leader of the party marine le pen immediately distanced herself from the comments saying she ` deeply disagrees ' with her ` deliberately provocative ' father. tensions between french national front leader marine le pen -lrb- right -rrb- and her father worsened today as the founder of the far-right party -lrb- left -rrb- defended having described nazi gas chambers as a ` detail of history ' reigniting old tensions , mr le
a former factory girl who earned less than # 100 a month is now worth # 4.9 billion , and has been named china 's richest woman. zhou qunfei has shared her incredible ` rags to riches ' life story with the people 's daily , after the self-made billionaire 's company lens technology went public -- making her wealthier than richard branson. the 45-year-old , whose company supplies protective window glass used in apple devices , was born into extreme poverty in a village in rural china. zhou qunfei , 45 , has been named china 's richest woman after her company lens technology went public.
the lightning-fast greens at augusta national can be a daunting prospect for many first-timers at the masters. not so for sheffield 's danny willett. the 27-year-old finished one-under but it was his monster putt for eagle at the par-five 13th that he was tweeting about afterwards. england 's danny willett carded an opening round of 71 at augusta on thursday. his brother p j willett , at home doing some diy on light switches , also tweeted : ` bro @willett1987 shot under par in 1st round of #masters2015 debut. i swapped some switches. who 's living the dream ? ' willett admitted it was a dream come true to mark his masters debut with
` toxic ' : celebrity big brother contestant katie hopkins said migrant vessels ` need pushing back ' katie hopkins was today branded ` toxic ' after saying boats in north africa should be ` burned ' to cut immigration - just hours after up to 900 migrants drowned in the mediterranean sea. the 40-year-old former celebrity big brother contestant said the vessels ` need pushing back ' and asked listeners to a radio show : ` why do we take on everyone else 's problem ? ' miss hopkins said on lbc yesterday : ` i , for one , believe we should turn back the boats. personally i would use gunships ,
-lrb- cnn -rrb- tornadoes , fierce winds and severe thunderstorms with large hail are predicted for the midwest and for the plains , from the ozarks eastward to the lower ohio valley , on thursday and friday , the national weather service said. severe weather is perilous anytime , of course , but cnn meteorologist chad myers says that tornado conditions are more dangerous during the night. `` tornadoes can be more deadly when people are sleeping and not paying attention to the warnings , '' he said. scattered storms will soak illinois and missouri , and wind and hail will continue to be moderate
a playground in tokyo has been found to have dangerously high levels of radiation , which has raised fears for the health of children in the area. soil underneath a slide at the park in the toshima ward in the north-east of the japanese capital , showed radiation readings of up to 480 microsieverts per hour. this is nearly half the recommended annual limit of exposure for a person. danger : japanese authorities detected an unusually high level of radiation around playground equipment in this tokyo park -lrb- pictured -rrb-. safety : authorities cordoned off the park after high levels of radiation were detected underneath a slide. it was not immediately clear why radiation levels were so high
masters champion jordan spieth is back to work this week at the rbc heritage classic after two days celebrating his victory at augusta national and being showered with attention. spieth arrived at sea pines resort late tuesday night after a media whirlwind in new york since tying tiger woods ' masters record of 18-under 270 to capture the green jacket. the 21-year-old said it was a dizzying stretch with 26 appearances and interviews in 25 hours. ` it was a little crazy in new york having paparazzi know where we were going to eat dinner even though we never told anybody , ' spieth said wednesday. spieth does n't believe the success will change him. in fact , he said he upheld his commitment to the rbc heritage in part to chase down rory
sometime in the next few weeks , louis van gaal has a lunch appointment with sir alex ferguson. on friday he expressed a tongue-in-cheek hope that ferguson will pay but , more pertinently , the current manchester united manager hopes to have some genuine and tangible progress to talk about. ferguson , it must be said , has waited a long time for such news. the united team he left to david moyes moved only backwards while this season 's version has only occasionally appeared genuinely purposeful under van gaal. manchester united boss louis van gaal revealed he is set to discuss the club with sir alex ferguson soon. van gaal is preparing his side for
new york -lrb- cnn -rrb- jake tapper is the next anchor of cnn 's sunday morning political interview program `` state of the union. '' cnn announced tapper 's promotion on friday morning. he will take over the program in june ; he 'll remain the channel 's chief washington correspondent and the anchor of the weekday afternoon newscast `` the lead. '' among his peers , tapper is seen as an authority on politics , something a program like `` state of the union '' demands. he received rave reviews when he was the interim anchor of abc 's sunday morning hour `` this week '' in
disarming images of the north korean dictator kim jong-un have emerged - apparently showing that he has hurt his wrist. the 32-year-old was inspecting a weapons factory in the country 's capital of pyongyang in a visit filmed by north korean central tv. the footage shows the mysterious dictator waving and smiling to the crowds , with his right-hand wrist wrapped up in a white bandage. scroll down for video. pictures from state-controlled media show the dictator smiling and waving , with his right wrist in bandages. it is the latest in a string of presumed health problems for the north korean dictator , aged
jet-setter : elvis presley bought both planes in 1975. they 've been one of the biggest highlights of graceland for 30 years. but elvis presley 's planes are to be taken from the grounds of his former mansion after local officials signed off the controversial deal. memphis city council agreed yesterday that hound dog ii and lisa marie -- named after the king of rock ` n ' roll 's daughter -- can be moved from his estate to a site nearby. it means tourists to graceland will have to pay extra if they want to see the two jets , which are to form a new , separate museum about the dead singer. graceland visitors can currently buy a ticket that
you get the impression around english cricket at the moment that people have a bit of a downer on stuart broad. i have heard the comment ` how much longer before broad comes under pressure for his place ? ' from a few people in recent times. there should always be scrutiny on england players ' places , i have no problem with that , but we have to be careful we do not get confused between broad the bowler and broad the batsman. fact is , in the last 14 tests broad has taken 63 wickets at 24 apiece which is pretty good considering he 's been carrying niggles and injuries. so there has not been much
residents and tourists in venice have for years delighted in their local , laid-back fizz. but here in britain prosecco has long been seen as the second choice to champagne. now , however , it seems our tastes are taking an italian turn. according to industry figures released this month , we 've developed such a taste for prosecco that last year uk sales overtook those of champagne for the first time -- # 181.8 million compared with # 141.3 million. it 's been a long time coming. prosecco may have found its way over here 30-odd years ago , but it was barely
you might think seemingly endless sales would be guaranteed to tempt shoppers through the door. but high street retailers are boosting their fortunes -- by scrapping them. debenhams and mothercare have called a halt to long-running promotions which fail to excite shoppers , replacing them with shorter events that have more impact. and both have announced revived figures since making the change. experts claim prolonged sales can devalue products and encourage shoppers to delay buying an item until it is reduced. high street chains , including mothercare , are calling time on cut-price promotions that seem to go on forever. figures show a third of all fashion purchases are now made in a sale or promotion , and there have been warnings that shoppers are being ` trained
the body of kyle knox has been found near the foot of ben nevis three weeks after he disappeared. the body of a missing hiker has been found three weeks after he vanished trying to climb britain 's highest mountain. kyle knox , from london , was last seen alive at the foot of ben nevis on march 31. the 23-year-old was reported missing the following day when he failed to return to his hotel in fort william. when he vanished people were being urged not to go to scotland 's mountains unless they had the proper equipment and experience due to the severe weather conditions. the mercury had plunged to minus seven and winds of
the saying ` two is company but three 's a crowd ' clearly did n't apply to james corden as he met two beckham sporting stars. the comedian tweeted a picture on thursday alongside former england captain david beckham and new york giants ' nfl hotshot odell beckham jnr. accompanied with the caption : ` double beckhams ! ' corden was all smiles as he posed in between the duo. james corden -lrb- centre -rrb- posted a picture alongside odell beckham jnr -lrb- left -rrb- and david beckham via twitter. both beckhams , who are of no relation , were pictured in america with the 36-year-old - who is currently filming late-night talk show late late in the states. last month david beckham lifted the lid on his son brooklyn 's
-lrb- cnn -rrb- at first blush , brian rogers and caitlin mcguire seem like any other small business owners -- polite , hardworking and passionate about what they do. but there 's the potential for things to get a little awkward when the conversation turns from `` hi `` s to highs. `` there 's always a moment of hesitation of ` when are they going to ask us what we do ? ' and ` how are they going to receive that when we tell them ? ' '' mcguire , 25 , said. she and rogers , 34 , own the breckenridge cannabis club , a recreational marijuana dispensary in the historic and scenic ski town
a burlesque performer is attempting to eradicate all negativity surrounding the word ` fat ' -- by embracing it as an honest , body-positive description of her own physique. during a recent ted talk , lillian bustle , from new jersey , revealed that she also calls herself ` short ' , because she is 5 ' 3 '' , and ` wife ' , because she is married , noting that each of these words is just an honest description of what she is. and ` fat ' is just another self-descriptor for her , who insists that the word does n't have to be used as a synonym for ` ugly '. ` we as women are programmed to tell each other that we 're not fat , because
red squirrels have returned to one of britain 's most stunning beauty spots after a 16-year absence. red squirrels have returned to one of britain 's most stunning beauty spots after a 16-year absence. native reds have been almost wiped out in the country , except for a few pockets in the north of england , the isle of wight and scotland after rival grey squirrels arrived from america in the 19th century. numbers of the reds , popularly illustrated in the beatrix potter squirrel nutkin books , have been rapidly dwindling thanks in large part to the squirrel pox virus carried by greys. but now , red squirrels have
it has been more than a month since much-loved teacher sharon edwards graced the halls of her school. while her students at coutts crossing public school on the nsw north coast hold on to the hope the mother-of-three will turn up to school again one day , the police focus has shifted to treating the teacher 's disappearance as a homicide. ms edwards was last seen on march 14 , after she caught up with friends at the local good intent hotel. investigators , including forensic officers and the dog squad , returned to her home in grafton on monday with a crime scene warrant. police also went back to the nearby suburb of lawrence , where ms edwards and her husband , john , still own their family home on neill
a four-year-old boy got trapped in an arcade game after climbing in to the ` claw ' machine when he failed to win a teddy. henry howes narrowly failed to pick up a despicable me toy as he played the notoriously difficult claw game at his local swimming pool in tamworth , staffordshire. desperate to get to his hands on the teddy , he put his hand inside the machine 's hatch - but when he reached too far , he slipped under the trap door and was stuck inside. scroll down for video. trapped : henry howes got stuck inside an arcade game at the snowdome in tamworth ,
alex impey is breaking the law selling his customers marijuana , but as long as he keeps hearing stories that the drug is helping them cope with pain , he could n't care less. and business for medicinal marijuana is booming , with mr impey telling daily mail australia he receives 20 new requests for help each week at his hemp store , gnostic hemporium , on the nsw central coast , north of sydney. ` i 've got people coming in all the time , who have everything from cancer to early onset parkinson 's , ' the father of
-lrb- cnn -rrb- would you build a house with water ? hungarian architect matyas gutai believes that water is the perfect material for keeping a house at a comfortable temperature. and while that does n't mean that he can do away with traditional materials like bricks , cement , and plaster , his system promotes a whole new idea of engineering. gutai built a prototype house in his hometown of kecskemet , south of budapest , with his high school friend milan berenyi , after years of research and development. the house was built with a grant from the eu , and showcases the `` liquid engineering '' concepts gutai has written about extensively. panels , some of steel ,
they had only one shot at it , with the masked raider wriggling clear of security in the 88th minute and making his way into the penalty area undetected. this was the second london heist in a week , with the loftus road imposter easily identifiable when he whipped off his head gear in front of qpr 's stunned supporters. cesc fabregas was the diamond when he worked the opening , following the carefully laid out plans of eden hazard and substitute oscar to pull off this unlikely job for chelsea. the finish called for precision. cesc fabregas arrives late on to convert eden hazard 's pass and secure all three points
mi5 has issued an alert over the threat posed by rogue workers in britain 's nuclear , transport and public services after suicide pilot andreas lubitz killed 150 people in the alps plane crash disaster. and concerns are so great that one security source has warned : ` however much physical security you have , if someone is already in there , there 's nothing you can do to stop them committing an act of sabotage or terrorism. ' mi5 is now giving advice on the risk posed by thousands of employees working in sensitive areas -- known as ` insiders
fast food giant chipotle is making a fresh start and stepping away from using gmos -lrb- genetically modified organisms -rrb- as ingredients. steve ells , the company 's co-ceo and founder , discussed the new development with cnn money. ` it 's relatively easy for us to have all non-gmo ingredients , ' he said in the interview. ' i mean , because we do n't have many ingredients in the first place. ' scroll down for video. fresh start : chipotle co-ceo steve ells , pictured , has said ` it 's relatively easy for us to have all non-gmo
the married at first sight star who tried to leave her groom at the altar after deciding he was too ` unattractive ' for her has finally admitted to having romantic feelings towards him. while the honeymoon period comes to an end for the couples on tonight 's episode of the hit fyi reality series , as they all return home to celebrate the holidays with their spouses , whom they 've known for a total of seven days , it seems that , for jaclyn methuen and ryan ranellone , the romance has only just begun. ` day one , i was freaking out. day seven , oh man , i have a crush on my husband , ' 30-year-old jaclyn
-lrb- cnn -rrb- barney frank , to say the least , knows his way around politics. in a chicago appearance recently , the retired congressman had the sold-out crowd at the center on halsted well entertained as he detailed his 45-year journey in public service. frank , you 'll recall , was the first member of congress to marry someone of the same-sex while in office , and among other things , he had some choice words for closeted politicians who vote against lgbt rights. and when someone in the audience asked his thoughts about a current ballot proposal in california that
suddenly , in the middle of the new york night , edward snowden 's familiar bespectacled face appeared - deep in a public park. a 4-foot-high , 100-pound sculpted bust of the infamous nsa whistle-blower now exiled in russia was sneaked into brooklyn 's fort greene park in the pre-dawn hours monday. animal new york , a city news website that first reported the incident , said the mysterious perpetrators were a trio of guerrilla artists -- admirers of the former government contractor who had leaked thousands of pages of classified information from the national security agency detailing a massive domestic spying program to the media. scroll down for video. illicit tribute : a group of anonymous artists erected a 4-foot-tall plaster bust of
a 90-year-old man loved by his community has been found with his hands tied behind his back and beaten to death in his own home. police say earl arthur olander who lived alone in a home in rural minnesota , was discovered covered in cuts and bruises and his home had been ransacked. they have now offered a $ 1,000 reward for any information which could lead to an arrest , while neighbors have spoken of him as a ` stand-up person ' and a wonderful role model. pictured from left is earl olander with his friends the boecker family , maria , bill and tatiana. earl olander was found beaten to death in his own home. here he is pictured with his close friend william boecker 's family members , to whom
brazilian star oscar says he is happy at chelsea and wo n't be leaving stamford bridge in the summer. there have been suggestions that the 23-year-old could be offloaded by jose mourinho having not completed a full 90 minutes since january. but oscar is determined to stay and become mourinho 's main man : ` i 'm very happy here. i get along with everyone , and the club shows its praise towards me. brazilian star oscar in action for chelsea at queens park rangers on sunday , where he came off the bench. oscar has not completed a full 90 minutes for chelsea since february , raising speculation he could leave. but the brazil international has
leeds ' sporting director nicola salerno has resigned , the club 's disqualified owner massimo cellino is reported to have confirmed. the 58-year-old italian 's departure comes six days after leeds ' assistant head coach steve thompson was suspended. cellino , banned from having any executive influence at elland road until may 4 due to a tax conviction in italy , told the yorkshire evening post : ` he resigned. i 'm not there so i do n't know why. nicola salerno -lrb- right -rrb- has resigned from his role as leeds united 's sporting director. ' i wanted him to stay and speak about it first when
internet users were left scratching their heads after an old hoax video showing a wave rider surfing in front of the sydney 's opera house started trending for a second time. the video was uploaded to twitter on tuesday morning by popular sydney radio duo fitzy and wippa , before quickly being reposted by a spell of other sources. the posting of the video comes in the wake of heavy storms which battered sydney overnight , with parts of the city experiencing the heaviest rainfall in 100 years. a hoax video showing a wave rider surfing in front of the sydney 's opera house has gone viral for the second time. some users have referenced the
it was n't just steve mcqueen 's rugged looks that sent ladies into a frenzy in the 1960s. the actor 's enduring sex appeal may have been boosted by his aftershave , eau sauvage , which contained a potent chemical known as hedione. now scientists have revealed how this chemical activates the hypothalamus - an area of the brain responsible for triggering the release of sex hormones in women. scroll down for video. it was n't just steve mcqueen 's rugged looks that sent ladies into a frenzy in the 1960s. the actor 's enduring sex appeal may have been boosted by his aftershave , eau sauvage , which contained a potent chemical known as
off target : it has been claimed the g36 -lrb- pictured -rrb- does not shoot straight when it overheats at 30c. the g36 was created for the requirements of the german armed forces but it is also used as an infantry weapon in around 50 countries. it is used in britain by counterterrorism police. first made : 1995. calibre : 5.56 mm x 45. magazine capacity : 30 rounds. weight : 3.63 kg. length : 755-1 ,002 mm. use in the uk : between 2,000 and 3,000 g36 rifles belong to police forces across the country. an assault rifle used by counter-terror police does not
former cuban president fidel castro has appeared in public for the first time in more than a year , his first since his country reached a landmark agreement with the us to reestablish ties. the state-run cubadebate website says castro greeted a group of venezuelans visiting the capital of havana. cubadebate on friday published four images that show castro sitting inside a bus , each with a different person stretching an arm through the window to shake his hand. images of fidel castro meeting with venezuelan visitors to havana were reported in cuban media on friday , though the encounters were said to take place on monday. the
a four-year-old boy has accrued a burgeoning fan base for giving a very animated interview on local tv despite having bandaged wounds. jayden wingler of phoenix , arizona , was interviewed by fox news earlier this week about a theme park accident which left him with severe burns on his legs. while on camera , the youngster eloquently recalled what happened with arm actions and wide-eyed facial expressions to match his emotions. ' i said , `` what ? is that the fire ?! '' ' the adorable tot said while waving his hands in the air. scroll down for video. tv debut : jayden wingler of phoenix ,
-lrb- cnn -rrb- it was a typical practice day for the washington university of rowing team , but then danger came from beneath. the scene was creve coeur lake outside of st. louis early friday morning. the team 's boat got near the dock , when suddenly a swarm of asian carp emerged from the water and went on the attack , some even going into the boat. team member devin patel described the
this is the moment a college athlete 's victory turned to ashes in his hands after he slowed down to celebrate his win and got overtaken. tanguy pepiot , a steeplechase runner for the university of oregon , had a clear lead on his rival meron simon , who competes for the university of washington. but at a track meet saturday in eugene , oregon , a crowd of more than 3,000 people saw the distance evaporate after pepiot raised his hands in pre-emptive joy , with less than 100m to go. vanishing lead : tanguy pepiot , a runner for the university of oregon , is pictured left celebrating his victory - and right after he has lost it all to the
the saying goes that behind every great man there stands a woman and that is no different for the best two fighters in the world. floyd mayweather and manny pacquiao are less than two weeks away from facing each other in the richest fight in history. but they both made sure they spent time with those closest to them over the weekend. floyd mayweather with girlfriend doralie medina -lrb- left -rrb- and manny pacquiao with his wife jinkee -lrb- right -rrb-. pacquiao with his wife and children -lrb- left to right : michael , israel , emmanuel , princess and queen elizabeth. pacquiao was joined in los angeles
as a society we believe that our political allegiance depends on which party best marries up with our needs and values , and that these are shaped by our life experiences. but research with twins suggests picking who to vote for in an election might have more to do with your genes than the policies of the parties. to put this to the test , the department of twin research , which hosts the biggest adult twin registry in the uk , recently performed a poll of voting preferences. deciding who you will vote for may have more to do with your family than who won the leaders debate -lrb- above
from model rosie huntington-whiteley 's beloved wheatgrass-packed green juice to victoria beckham 's favourite bee pollen breakfasts , there are plenty of stars who are walking adverts for the power of superfoods. health bloggers and celebrities alike sing superfoods ' praises and scientists publish countless studies into their health benefits. each comes with its own promise. indeed , acai berries have been linked to weight loss and cancer prevention , flax seeds are thought to help lower blood pressure and reduce the risk of heart disease , while coconut oil has been hailed as a weight loss aid. but how do we know if they actually work when we 've only become aware of them in the past few years ? scroll down for video. tipper lewis ,
youtube star cassey ho has hit back at critics with a powerful and provocative new video , highlighting the cruel comments left by viewers of her fitness-focused clips who accuse the trim and toned online icon of being everything from ` too fat ' to ` ugly ' to ` pudgy '. cassey 's youtube channel , blogilates , has over two million subscribers , so fans may have been surprised to learn that the negative comments left under the california resident 's fitness videos still manage to get under her skin -- and have a much greater impact on her than any of the positive messages sent to her by her fans. but though mean and critical messages may have put a dent in the 28-year-old 's self-esteem , the workout pro is getting the last word with her latest video ,
over the years i 've been lucky enough to play with a lot of accomplished women golfers , including two former world no 1 's in lorena ochoa and laura davies. but none of these encounters prepared me for playing 18 holes with charley hull , the best teenage golfer in britain. suffice to say : i knew she was good but i did n't appreciate she was so damn good. the venue was turnberry and a media day for the ricoh women 's british open in july. the sun was shining , ailsa craig was shimmering in the distance and hull
for most people a hangover will have them reaching for the painkillers and greasy breakfast , but those living in ancient egypt had a rather different approach. historians have discovered a 1,900-year-old hangover cure written on an ancient egyptian papyrus. written in greek , one of the medical recipes offers advice for how to tackle a ` drunken headache ' - with the leaves of a shrub called alexandrian chamaedaphne , or sometimes alexandrian laurel. the text recommends stringing the leaves of the evergreen plant , also called ruscus racemosus , together and possibly wearing it around the neck. this papyrus was found in oxyrhynchus , egypt , and contains a medical ` recipe ' for treating a hangover. while the
the young syrian girl pictured surrendering to the camera she mistook for a gun is not the only one traumatised by a short life filled with violence and war. another little girl was photographed in a jordanian refugee camp , weeping with fear after mistaking an aid worker 's camera for a weapon. the photographer who took the heart-breaking image in november did not grasp how terrified she was until he was editing the photographs. it was then rene schulthoff realised the girl - alone and barefoot among the metal huts - was so scared of his camera that ` she raised her hands to surrender because she thought
david bulman -lrb- pictured -rrb- left his wife lubova with a black eye after repeatedly punching her in the face. a bad-tempered managing director repeatedly punched his wife in the face after he shouted at her for not doing the ironing. david bulman , 55 , and his wife lubova had a row after he criticised her for not doing the chores or checking to see if his shirt buttons were missing. his wife threw all his shirts outside , but he followed her and shouted at her before he pulled her hair and punched her several times in the face. neighbours called
james mcclean 's reaction said it all. as scott carson 's long , hopeful punt downfield floated harmlessly out of play , the talented winger spun in disgust , shook his head and threw open his arms. wigan are better than this , and they know it. they were 2-1 down at that point , two moments of genius from ross mccormack and matt smith the difference. they rallied to come away from fulham with a point - it was a night in which new manager gary caldwell certainly saw enough to build on - but all at the club know their stay in the championship
forget rattles or elaborate toys. feeding the pet dog is enough to keep this baby entertained - for hours. michael j from michigan filmed his 11-month-old daughter leighton in floods of tears before she was handed a french fry to lure over the family pup , zayla. footage shows the little girl reaching down to feed the hungry canine and chuckling with delight when he snaps the treat up. she 's then handed another fry. but this time around she decides to break the chunk of potato in half to make it last longer. each time the dog nibbles the portioned fry up
what we may be witnessing in these opening jousts of the season is the mental disintegration of nico rosberg as a racing driver. his reaction to losing to lewis hamilton -- blaming the brit for slowing down and bunching him up as the attacking ferrari of sebastian vettel closed on him -- told us more about his own state of mind than it offered fair criticism of hamilton. rosberg was , i thought , disgruntled by his failure to match his team-mate during a run of eight wins in the last 10 races. in those emotionally charged minutes after the chinese grand prix nothing seemed to make sense to him
this is the surreal moment a dog takes the reins and literally drags his owner out for a walk. dashcam footage , shared by dailymotion.com user vidsking , shows a giant st. bernard running across a road somewhere in the czech republic with a child trailing behind. it appears to be a rather uncomfortable excursion , with the young boy going along the ground on his belly with his legs stretched out behind. as the canine scampers along , his passenger holds tightly to a leash. two men watching the bizarre scene from their car are heard chuckling in the background. they 're forced to slow down to
seoul -lrb- cnn -rrb- in the first few days after the sewol disappeared beneath the yellow sea , divers pulled body after body from the watery wreckage , bringing the dead home. and throughout the following days , weeks and months , park eun-mi waited to see if one of them was her 16-year-old daughter , huh da-yun. the divers stopped searching months ago because of the winter and water conditions , and the south korean ferry remains on the bottom of the sea floor. the sewol sank on april 16 , killing 304 people , mostly high school students who were on their
andy flower , england team director who guided sides to three ashes triumphs and the world no 1 spot , will not be interfering in any way with the work of the next director of england cricket. the england cricket board gave flower the confusing title of technical director of elite coaching after he renegotiated a new role at significantly lower pay after resigning as team boss following the last ashes whitewash. this has led to speculation that flower 's continuing role on the ecb staff would conflict with the job description of the new appointment. former england team director andy flower is now technical director of elite coaching at the ecb. but effectively
former us president george h.w. bush looked in good health on friday as he accompanied australian tennis player roy emerson at the u.s. men 's clay court championship in houston , texas. bush , 90 , fell ill in december and was hospitalized after complaining of shortness of breath. smiling and enjoying the fresh air , he seemed to be in better spirits. bush is a fan of associated tennis professionals -lrb- atp -rrb- world tour 250 events and lives in the houston area with his wife barbara. he and his wife have attended many atp fundraisers and charity events throughout the years. in good spirits ! : former president george h.w. bush , seated , arrives just before the quarterfinal match between
a father-of-five has been stabbed to death at a wisconsin river following an argument with three other fishermen. peter kelly , a 34-year-old volunteer high school wrestling coach , was stabbed in the chest beside the st croix river at 9.45 pm on tuesday as he fished with a friend. the two men were on the minnesota side of the river when they heard three men being loud and rude on the wisconsin side and asked them to quieten down , authorities said. for the next three hours , kelly and his friend exchanged heated words with the three other anglers. scroll down for video. loss : peter kelly , 34 , was stabbed in the chest after
peter lawwell recently admitted to telling ronny deila that it was a matter of getting over the ` le guen hump ' but celtic 's chief executive might well have cited a couple of names that had met their grim fates closer to home. one thing is for sure : deila did not need to be an ardent student of the history of scottish football to appreciate the gravitas of the situation he had become immersed in earlier this season. by late autumn , his side had twice exited europe while hamilton accies had left celtic park triumphant. a search party was hardly required to identify his doubters. celtic manager ronny deila admitted that the first six months in charge were mentally tough. publicly
christian migrants from africa have spoken of making the perilous journey across the mediterranean to escape beheading from islamic state fanatics in libya. a group of eritrean refugees told how they were forced to deny their faith or face death at the hands of islamist gunmen who patrol the towns and beaches of the north african state searching for ` infidels '. haben , 19 , told mailonline : ` we are christians but we had to deny our faith otherwise the gunmen would kill us , slit our throats and cut off our heads. ' he and his brother samuel , 14 , arrived in sicily a week ago
known for their high-end boutiques , wallet-stretching gastronomical delights , and luxurious hotel offerings , it may seem like an impossible dream to visit some of the world 's most cosmopolitan cities on a budget. however , with the help of last-minute booking sites and a little bit of insider knowledge , it turns out that there are plenty of ways to experience these stunning destinations - without breaking the bank. opt for a stroll around new york 's recently-built highline or paris ' jardin du luxembourg , or visit one of london 's many free museums for a no-cost cultural fix. a walk through times square wo n't cost you anything - as long as
they could be depicting the froth off a latte or frosted sea-glass washed ashore , but these unique photographs are actually the surreal moment ocean foam explodes in the air. ocean photographer lloyd meudell started taking images of the sea with a gopro after being an avid surfer his entire life. he formed an obsession with photography and after purchasing all the high end equipment , he began to shoot ocean foam , calling the venture ` foam surrealism. ' ` when the tide is high , the water comes in and it breaks in front of cliffs , explodes into the air and creeps over the sand , ' mr meudell told daily mail australia. an ocean photographer has captured the unique and surreal moment ocean foam hits the sand.
this is the moment a young boy covered in blood was dragged from the scene of a devastating suicide bomb attack in afghanistan. he was near a bank in jalalabad early saturday morning when the attacker detonated an explosive-laden motorcycle , killing 35 people and injuring another 125. the group , which included military personnel as well as civilians , were waiting to receive their monthly salaries as crowds bustled around them when the bomb exploded in the busy commercial district. islamic state has since claimed responsibility for the attack , president ghani said. scroll down for video. thirty-five people died and 125 have been injured after a suicide
a supporter waits the best part of an hour for five seconds with ryan taylor. there is a quick picture and good-luck message ahead of sunday 's tyne-wear derby. he is , evidently , one of the few players genuinely respected by newcastle 's disillusioned fans. taylor scored the winner at the stadium of light three seasons ago , affording him a terrace tribute -- ` ryan taylor , over the wall ' -- as well as a place in black-and-white folklore. but there is more to the toon army 's admiration than one free-kick against the enemy. a working-class scouser who came through the ranks at tranmere and made 100 appearances by the time he was 21 before beating three career-threatening injuries , taylor
her style is followed by women across the globe and whatever she wears is sure to sell out within minutes. yet the duchess of cambridge has been dismissed as an ` uneventful ' dresser by leading author margaret atwood. and most controversially , the 75-year-old said kate has n't lived up to the fashion icon reputation of her husband 's late mother , princess diana. scroll down for video. the author said kate -lrb- pictured right -rrb- has n't lived up to the fashion icon reputation of princess diana -lrb- left -rrb-. miss atwood said she thinks the duchess is cautious when it comes to clothes and is told what to
the mail is asking you to nominate mothers who have created businesses from scratch , while also caring for their children , for our first ever mumpreneur of the year award , in association with natwest everywoman awards. today 's nominee is petra wetzel , 40 , a divorcee who lives in glasgow with her son , noah , nine. she set up her own business , the west brewery , in 2006 ... listening to the italian businessman on the other end of the line , petra could see pound signs in front of her eyes. he had heard about the huge popularity of petra 's bottled beer. now he wanted to meet to discuss importing it in bulk
it is one of the most dangerous sports in the world and one in every 15 bull rides ends in an injury of some sort. but that is n't enough to stop hundreds of child riders , some as young as seven , from taking the hot seat each year. among them is lance lara , 10 , from fort worth in texas , who has proved so successful that he was crowned world champion in his age group last year. bouncing around : a young bull rider takes on a bullock -lrb- steer -rrb- at a rodeo in fort worth , texas. but each time he gets on a bullock , a castrated male , he risks life and limb , and
a bookkeeper has been sacked after calling her boss ' a complete d *** ' in a text message - and then accidentally sending it to him. louise nesbitt was employed at perth mining exploration company dragon mountain gold. on january 12 last year , she mistakenly sent a text to her boss meant for her daughter 's boyfriend who was engaged as a contact plumber for the firm. a perth office bookkeeper was fired from her job after she called her boss ' a complete d *** ' in a text message. in the message , ms nesbitt wrote : ` now remember ... -lsb- her employer -rsb- rob is a complete
mark wood spent a day this week donning his newly arrived england suit. ` i wore it around the house a bit too much really but i was absolutely buzzing just to have it on. ` trying it on is when the mixture of nerves and excitement started , ' says wood , one of the uncapped members of alastair cook 's squad who fly to the caribbean on thursday for a three-test series against west indies. the 25-year-old would be forgiven for checking the fit , because standing at 5ft 11in and weighing just over 12st , he is not the shape or size of your traditional fast bowler.
when destiny 's child reunited at the stellar gospel awards in las vegas last weekend , it was the first time beyoncé , kelly rowland and michelle williams performed together since appearing during the halftime show at super bowl in 2013 in new orleans. beyoncé and kelly joined michelle to surprise the crowd , and opened the broadcast with a gospel medley that included the song ` alpha & omega ' and the hit single ` say yes ' from michelle 's ` journey to freedom ' cd. the group received a rousing standing ovation from the 9,000-plus crowd , but they were n't introduced as destiny 's child - they were introduced by their individual names. scroll
the health secretary promised a crackdown if the conservatives are re-elected. ending the ` abuse ' of nhs money exposed by the mail will be a priority if the conservatives are re-elected , the health secretary said last night. speaking as the mail revealed how nhs managers were potentially dodging income tax by channelling huge salaries through personal companies , jeremy hunt promised an immediate crackdown if his party is in power after the election. he said : ` the mail 's campaign has exposed that off-payroll contracts are clearly being abused both at a management level and in the hiring of agency staff. so we will stop the abuse as a
modern technology is supposed to be making our lives easier , but often all it does is create more pitfalls. 21st century additions like a facebook page , an instagram profile and a smart phone often end up doing more damage to a budding relationship than good. these days we are more connected than ever , but that regularly pushes a potential partner further away. smart phones and social media often cause nightmare for men and women on dates -lrb- picture posed by models -rrb-. on a date in the 1990s , the biggest fails a person could be responsible for were a lack of conversation , food in the teeth or a man asking
there 's nothing more exciting that when a whole league season comes down to the wire , with two or perhaps three teams still in contention right up to the last few weeks. but sir alex ferguson 's favourite phrase for this scenario , ` squeaky bum time ' , does n't begin to cover the current situation in algeria 's championnat national de premiere division. with four rounds of matches remaining , just 11 points split leaders es setif and bottom-placed na hussein dey , meaning , theoretically , that any of the 16 teams in the league could still be crowned champions. the current state of the algerian league
a year since the death of former barcelona coach tito vilanova , his memory lives on at the club where he played an integral part in the most successful era in its history. vilanova died aged 45 on april 25 last year after a long battle against parotid gland cancer that cut short the life of a coach in his prime. the way he steadfastly attempted to carry on despite his illness in his typically understated manner drew much admiration and there was a considerable outpouring of sadness at his passing. it is one year since tito vilanova , the beloved barcelona coach , died aged 45 after a long battle with cancer. vilanova 's memory lives on at
-lrb- cnn -rrb- the lawyer for robert bates , an oklahoma reserve deputy who fatally shot a man he meant to subdue with a taser , on saturday released documents that he says verify some of bates ' training as a law enforcement officer. the documents show bates had one taser training class over a six-and-a-half-year period , took three firearms training classes and qualified 10 times , from 2009 to 2014 , to use a handgun. his evaluations say he got along with other officers and related well with the public. `` robert bates has met all the requisite training required by oklahoma to be a reserve
i felt as if i was treading on hallowed ground. a leather boot , white with mould , lay half-buried at my feet. nearby i glanced down on a harness smothered in lichen lying beside the skull of a mule , while strewn all around me were the remains of rusty cans and oil drums. high above on the hilltop stood simple headstones and derelict wooden crosses marking unnamed graves. the infamous chilkoot trail in british columbia , used by thousands of men during the klondike gold rush. keith wolfe smarch , a first nation master-carver , had abandoned work on a totem
-lrb- cnn -rrb- i was a copygirl in my fourth month at the chicago daily news , my second assigned to the city desk. it had become my custom at 4 o'clock , when the city desk secretary left for the day , to move over to her spot to help answer the phones as the beat reporters called in to check out for the day. it was so quiet that afternoon -- 70 years ago , on thursday , april 12 , 1945 -- the city editor and assistant city editor had felt comfortable leaving their desks. the second city editor , guy housley , was to my left. to my right , perhaps 6 feet
a new york photographer built an elaborate indoor set on a brooklyn sidewalk for a man to propose to his girlfriend on valentine 's day. justin bettman caught the media 's attention a few months ago when he began his ` set in the street ' project. bettman , sometimes with the help of designer gozde eker , would build sets that , in pictures , looked like the inside of a living room , child 's bedroom , or a bathroom complete with a clawfoot tub. jose luis proposed to his girlfriend on a set designed and built by new york photographer justin bettman. although it looks like a dining room , the
-lrb- cnn -rrb- the commissioner-general of the united nations relief and works agency will make an emergency visit to the yarmouk palestinian refugee camp in syria on saturday , a spokesman says. commissioner-general pierre krähenbühl will assess the humanitarian situation in the camp and speak with individuals about ways to relieve the suffering of the people who remain there. `` the visit is prompted by unrwa 's deepening concern for the safety and protection of 18,000 palestinians and syrian civilians , including 3,500 children , '' agency spokesman christopher gunness told cnn 's paula newton. `` yarmouk remains under the control of armed groups , and civilian life continues to be threatened by the
-lrb- cnn -rrb- protests are gaining steam in baltimore after a man died from a devastating injury he allegedly suffered while in police custody. demonstrators have vowed they 'll keep taking to the streets until they get justice. to start , protesters say they 're looking for answers about what happened to freddie gray , and why. but it seems like the questions in the controversial case just keep growing. protesters rallied at baltimore city hall on thursday , and another march is planned for saturday. here 's a look at key issues protesters are asking about :. police say when
the chilling facebook posts of a gun-obsessed 24-year-old man who is believed to have shot dead his father and tried to gun down a family friend before turning the rifle on himself have been revealed. tim mcnaughton 's body was discovered alongside his father greg mcnaughton 's near a shooting range at a farm in the caves , near rockhampton in central queensland on tuesday. in february 2012 , tim was issued with a ` shooter ' firearm licence by the northern territory police. posting a photo of the license on the social media site he alarmingly wrote : ` mwahahaha do the realize what they have just done -lsb- sic -rsb-. ' the deaths are being investigated as a murder-suicide as it
the average briton eats four servings of cheese a week. we britons certainly do love to keep things local , as over three quarters of us -lrb- 80 per cent -rrb- go crackers for cheddar , crowning it our favourite cheese variety. least favourite cheeses , according to a new survey , are greek feta , french camembert and american cream cheese. and while the french are renowned for their love of the stinky stuff , we are not far behind , with the average briton eating their way through four servings a week. the research , which was conducted by pickle brand branston also revealed that a surprising one in four cheese fanatics -lrb- 26 per cent
london -lrb- cnn -rrb- if you 're hunting for the earliest galaxies and clues about potential life on other planets you are going to need a very big mirror and a golf ball of gold. they are both necessary for the construction of the james webb space telescope -lrb- jwst -rrb- , intended as the successor to the hubble instrument that has been operating in space for 25 years. it 's going to be a tough act to follow. hubble has returned spectacular images during the past quarter century but also helped scientists discover that almost every galaxy has a massive black hole at its heart
a power outage temporarily blackened washington , d.c. this afternoon , interrupting a state department briefing and forcing the white house onto back-up generators. traffic lights also went out in parts of the city. the chief spokesman for 1600 pennsylvania avenue confirmed that the outage ` briefly had an impact on the white house complex ' but it was ` back on the regular power source ' by the time he began his briefing approximately an hour and a half later. ` things are slowly but surely returning to normal at the white house complex , ' josh earnest , white house press secretary , said , noting that he was in the oval office with the
-lrb- cnn -rrb- as goes walmart , so goes the nation ? everyone from apple ceo tim cook to the head of the ncaa slammed religious freedom laws being considered in several states this week , warning that they would open the door to discrimination against gay and lesbian customers. but it was the opposition from walmart , the ubiquitous retailer that dots the american landscape , that perhaps resonated most deeply , providing the latest evidence of growing support for gay rights in the heartland. walmart 's staunch criticism of a religious freedom law in its home state of arkansas came after the company said in february it
it has been linked to deaths across the country and left others critically ill. now new york governor andrew cuomo has issued a state health alert that the synthetic marijuana product known as ` spice ' is sweeping the city , and that 160 people have been hospitalized in nine days after using the drug. over 120 of those people were admitted to emergency rooms in the same week. the cannabinoid , also commonly called ` k2 ' or ` mojo ' , is predominantly abused by teenagers and typically sold over-the-counter as incense or potpourri. state health alert : new york governor andrew cuomo said friday
tony pulis insists west brom chairman jeremy peace has given him his word any takeover will not drag on. owner peace is open to offers for the baggies and is understood to want between # 150million and # 200million for the club. there is interest from groups from america , australia and china with peace setting a june deadline to seal any deal. tony pulis insists he has been told by the west brom chairman that any takeover will not drag on. the baggies are currently fighting to avoid relegation from the premier league , and face liverpool next. and , ahead of saturday 's visit of liverpool , pulis does not expect a
the five-year-old namesake grandson of famed college basketball coach jerry tarkanian has suffered a stroke , his family said. his parents said young jerry complained of pain in his legs and was taken to university medical center of southern nevada in las vegas at 4am on friday. danny and amy tarkanian said he 's undergoing testing and is showing signs of improvement. five-year-old jerry tarkanian , pictured here with with his parents , amy -lrb- left -rrb- and danny -lrb- right -rrb- tarkanian , suffered a stroke at about 4am on friday and was taken to the hospital. the family said the boy
george osborne has refused to rule out further cuts to child benefit if the conservatives win a second term. the chancellor appeared to leave the door open when asked if he would be ` depriving more families ' of the payments which are worth more than # 1,000 per year. more than a million households lost out when the coalition announced that families with one parent earning # 50,000 would pay tax on child benefit. earners over # 60,000 lost out altogether. scroll down for video. chancellor george osborne , pictured visiting the red cone cafe in stourbridge , refused to rule out further cuts to child benefit
for many it would be a joyous final 90 minutes watching the game they loved before heading for trenches and , in some cases , certain death. others , already wearing the scars of gruesome battle , flocked to old trafford for the fa cup final in their military uniforms and bandages. the presence of so many soldiers on the steep terraces led the 1915 showpiece to be christened the khaki cup final. on friday it will be 100 years since 50,000 gathered at the home of manchester united for the last football match to be played in england for four , long years. on friday it will be 100 years since 50,000 gathered at old
a conservative party candidate has defended photographs which show him trying to lick a female friend 's breasts saying they were taken on a night out with friends and show him being a normal , sociable person. liam marshall-ascough is standing to be an mp in stoke-on-trent central , which had a 5,500 labour majority in 2010 , and is a traditional labour stronghold. the candidate , who is gay , is pictured on the open profile of his facebook page appearing to lick a female friend 's breasts. underneath the picture a friend commented ` drunko '. but mr marshall-ascough has insisted the photos , taken seven years ago , just show him out having fun with close friends ` like a normal person ' and do not undermine
a heartbroken sydney man has gone to extreme lengths to show his ex-girlfriend that he deserves a second chance. michael munday has taken to social media to post heartfelt notes dedicated to the love of his life , melissa , declaring that he needs the support of the public in order to win her back. yet some users were not entirely convinced by mr munday 's plea for help , describing his messages as ` creepy and inappropriate '. although it is not quite clear what caused the couple to split , it appears the break up was initiated by melissa as mr munday wrote : '
a pregnant meteorologist has called out the bullies who viciously attacked her appearance by reading their hateful messages on air - before admitting that their cruel words had taken their toll on her. kristi gordon , of british columbia 's news channel global bc , was joined by her fellow anchors robin stickley and squire barnes as they reflected upon the degrading comments the mom has received about her second pregnancy on an episode of the online-only news segment news hour plus - with her reading some of the message aloud. ` nowhere on north america tv have we seen a weather reader so gross as you -lrb- sic -rrb-
in his day job , he is well versed at telling his sidekick watson just how ` elementary ' things can be. but benedict cumberbatch found the shoe was very much on the other foot when he tried his hand at table tennis yesterday. the sherlock star was challenged to a game by chinese ping pong legend deng yaping while hosting the laureus world sports awards in shanghai , it was reported by people 's daily online. but despite using a wooden spoon to give the actor a fighting chance , deng still won the match. here 's how it 's done , detective : sherlock star benedict cumberbatch is challenged
they may look like inventions straight out of a sci-fi film , but this collection of designs were very much real and developed in a top-secret british war lab more than 70 years ago. ministry of defence 1 , also known as ` churchill 's toyshop ' , was a weapons laboratory set up in 1939 by winston churchill - a firm believer in the importance of science and technology in warfare. he encouraged his scientists to trial even the most absurd of inventions - many of which never made it beyond the drawing board - but some were so successful that they played a vital role in
-lrb- cnn -rrb- sometimes the best ideas come from the bathroom. but gaioz nigalidze 's ideas from the loo were a little too good. the georgian chess grandmaster has been banned from the dubai open chess tournament after officials discovered he was darting to the toilet to consult his smartphone , which was logged onto a chess analysis app , the dubai chess and culture club said. nigalidze 's opponent , tigran petrosian of armenia , grew suspicious when nigalidze kept bolting to the restroom. `` the armenian noticed the georgian was oddly frequenting the toilet after each move during a crucial
my introduction to ferme de montagne did not take place at this boutique hotel 's enviable ski-in , ski-out location in the french resort of les gets -- it happened at the bar at the dorchester in london. ferme de montagne proprietors suzanne dixon-hudson and her architect husband henry suggested we meet there for cocktails as they were in the capital , pre-winter season , ` on business '. i was impressed to discover that what suzanne and henry were really in town for was to check up on their 15 hotel staff -- who spend a mandatory week working and gaining experience at the mayfair hotel before the start of each new season. a
protests by japanese-american groups and star trek 's george takei have led an east coast auction house to cancel a sale of 450 photos and artifacts from world war ii internment camps. thousands of japanese-americans , groups and sympathizers posted their opposition to the sale on social media and the auction house 's facebook page , the san jose mercury news reported thursday. the items from the collection of ` dean of american crafts ' allen eaton were slated for public auction on friday at the rago auction house in lambertville , new jersey. stopped the sale : star trek actor george takei helped halt the action of 450 photos and artifacts from world
having safely secured his third grand prix win of the season for mercedes in bahrain on sunday , the big cheese of formula one will be big brother for a while. lewis hamilton 's younger sibling nicolas , who suffers from cerebral palsy , is preparing to become the first disabled competitor to compete in the british touring car championship , for audi , starting in june. boy racers lewis and nicolas hamilton -lrb- right -rrb- in the mercedes garage. lewis , whose next race is the spanish grand prix on may 10 , admits nicolas shares the family stubborn streak which does not always welcome
fox news anchor chris wallace has issued an apology after ` fat shaming ' kelly clarkson in a radio interview , saying that he should have spoken of the singer 's ` remarkable talent ' , not her weight. during the interview with conservative talk show host , mike gallagher , the 67-year-old was asked : ` have you seen kelly clarkson ? you know the singer , kelly clarkson ? holy cow , did she blow up. ' in reply , he said the ` american idol ' winner has ' a lovely voice ' , but added that she ` could stay off the deep dish pizza for a while '. within minutes , wallace 's response had sparked outrage online. now , the veteran news man has apologized for his ` offensive ' remarks - which he made on the nationally-syndicated mike gallagher show on friday - in a statement obtained by dailymail.com. scroll down for ` fat shaming ' interview. firestorm : fox
christian benteke has revealed a secret. despite what appeared cast-iron evidence to the contrary , he does not practise free-kicks. he has taken only a handful in his career. yet with seven minutes to go in a game aston villa dared not lose , he stepped forward , pushing aside team-mates , to curl his dead-ball opportunity over the queens park rangers wall and into the net. precious point rescued. ` i surprised myself ! ' he says , laughing. ` when i saw it , charles n'zogbia said , `` i want to shoot ''. but i said , `` i want to take it ''. christian benteke bends a free-kick
-lrb- cnn -rrb- he 's a blue chip college basketball recruit. she 's a high school freshman with down syndrome. at first glance trey moses and ellie meredith could n't be more different. but all that changed thursday when trey asked ellie to be his prom date. trey -- a star on eastern high school 's basketball team in louisville , kentucky , who 's headed to play college ball next year at ball state -- was originally going to take his girlfriend to eastern 's prom. so why is he taking ellie instead ? `` she 's great ... she
from bear testicles and tiger paws to crocodile jaws and snake heads , these are just some of the bizarre animal parts being sold in china 's so-called medicine markets. traditional chinese medicine -lrb- tcm -rrb- claims all manner of ailments including back ache , poor memory and even cancer can be cured by the natural world. it is often believed that the more endangered the animal is , the greater the healing affect it will have. such wisdom is widespread in guangzhou , where markets stock exotic and rare animals destined for restaurant menus , pharmacists and pet cages. however , a movement of fledgling organisations such as the south
an army veteran who served in afghanistan has moved to africa in a bid to stop poaching. kinessa johnson from yelm , washington state , works for the veterans empowered to protect african wildlife -lrb- vepaw -rrb- , training park rangers to catch and detain the wildlife killers. the organisation was founded by an ex-marine and is made up of former soldiers who signed up post-9 / 11. she joined the group last november after a four-year stint in the services as a weapons instructor and mechanic. she was also deployed for one tour of afghanistan. scroll down for video. kinessa johnson from yelm , washington state , works for the veterans
she 's less than a month from her due date , but mom-to-be and model sarah stage barely has a bump to show for it. the lingerie model and animal rights activist has been making waves online recently with her series of body-flaunting photos on instagram as she documents her first pregnancy -- prompting outcry from critics who claim that her incredibly trim and toned physique could be harming her unborn child. but despite the outpouring of concern from her followers , the 30-year-old los angeles resident has n't let it stop her from continuing to flaunt her physique online with a new snap
veteran explorer sir ranulph fiennes is receiving medical attention at the marathon des sables after running for 30 hours in temperatures topping 50c. sir ranulph , 71 , completed the most gruelling stage of the desert race today , but was taken straight to the medical tent because the exertion had begun to take its toll on his heart. he was forced to lie down intermittently during the last few hours of the run because of fears he would not be able to finish the stage and described the experience as ` more hellish than hell '. medical attention : sir ranulph fiennes , 71 , was
ex pop star : rev richard coles -lrb- pictured -rrb- rose to fame as half of the band the communards. when a high-profile vicar yesterday attacked the tory plans to sell housing association homes as a ` right to steal ' , it might have sounded like a stern ticking off from the pulpit. but this was the rev richard coles -- who sits on the board of wellingborough homes , a housing association in northamptonshire -- and he is no ordinary churchman. known to many for presenting radio 4 's gentle human interest show saturday live , he is the supposed inspiration for the hero of the bbc church sitcom rev. and while he might now feel free to attack others for seeking the right to buy their own home , he not so long ago felt he had the right to do whatever he chose
a filmmaker has revealed how he was pummeled with snow and ice for a minute and almost buried alive when the deadly avalanche hit mount everest on saturday. michael churton from new york , was with four colleagues at the base camp , 17,500 ft above sea level , when he was knocked down by the tsunami of snow. the 38-year-old believes that the force of the earthquake shook loose a big ice shelf , which careered down the mountainside towards him and a group of people he was with. scroll down for video. michael churton from new york , was with
former royal marine bobby burnett beat his girlfriend and banned her from wearing revealing clothes in a two-year-long campaign of terror. a controlling afghanistan veteran who beat his girlfriend and banned her from wearing revealing clothes has been jailed for a two-year-long campaign of terror. royal marine bobby burnett forced samantha chudley to stop wearing make-up because he wanted to make her less attractive to other men , and forced her to hand over the passwords of her e-mail and social media accounts so he could monitor them , exeter crown court heard. the 30-year-old installed a tracker app on her smartphone and brutally attacked her when she visited him at the commando training centre at lympstone , devon , and at her home. his violence and the stress of his controlling
atletico madrid striker mario mandzukic has denied claims that real madrid defender daniel carvajal bit him during tuesday 's champions league quarter-final match. mandzukic and carvajal were engaged in a physical battle throughout the goalless first leg of the quarter-final tie at the vicente calderon stadium. after the contest , carvajal was asked by the spanish media if he had bitten mandzukic after pictures showed carvajal 's mouth close to the forearm of mandzukic. the real player denied the claims. daniel carvajal appeared to move his mouth towards mario mandzukic 's arm in an off-the-ball scrap on. the referee was not looking at the incident as
harold ekeh has a very tough decision to make. the 18-year-old long islander has waited anxiously for weeks since sending off his college applications. but he did n't expect this. harold has been accepted by every single one - including all eight ivy league schools. it comes a year after another high schooler from long island , kwasi enin , was met with the same news. he chose yale. scroll down for video. whiz kid : meet harold ekeh , the long island senior who has been accepted to every ivy league college. incredible achievement : harold , 18 , insists he had no idea he would be accepted by all 13 colleges. star : the high school senior moved from nigeria to long island 10 years ago with his parents roseline -lrb- pictured -rrb- and paul ekeh. he says his parents ' struggle inspired him to take every
manchester city 's fa cup-winning goalkeeper , harry dowd , has died , aged 76. dowd , a member of the side who beat leicester city 1-0 at wembley in 1969 , played 181 games in nine years at maine road. the salford-born keeper once famously scored for city , against bury , after switching to centre forward in a game in 1964 , having broken his thumb. harry dowd -lrb- third from right -rrb- celebrates after manchester city win the fa cup at wembley in 1969. he joined the club as an amateur at the age of 20 in 1958
-lrb- cnn -rrb- all elizabeth sedway wanted was to leave paradise and head home. but she could n't. why ? because , according to her , she has cancer. that 's what she said in a video posted to facebook that shows her group packing up from their alaska airlines plane as it sat at the gate in hawaii. `` you 're taking me off the airplane because i do n't have a doctor 's note saying i can fly , '' a woman is heard saying. `` all these people are waiting , and i 'm being removed as if i 'm a criminal or contagious , because i have cancer and no note to fly. '' sedway did eventually get on a
these stunning images capture the way young people in iran are defying the country 's hardline islamic image to create a more westernised society. taken in the capital tehran , the photographs show teenagers and people in their early 20s kissing in public , drinking alcohol and living openly gay lifestyles. some of those pictured are even seen wearing clothing adorned with the stars and stripes - something previously unthinkable in a country where the conservative religious and political leadership still regularly leads chants of ` death to america ' at public meetings. new era : people kiss and dance at a masquerade house party in the iranian capital where alcohol is being served and consumed. modern : a group of young
teenage aldi worker christian trousedale became an internet hit after a picture of him carrying a 95-year-old pensioner 's shopping home went viral. a teenage aldi worker says he is ` blown away ' by the public reaction after a picture of him carrying a 95-year-old pensioner 's shopping home went viral. christian trousedale , 18 , walked the elderly man to his front door , holding his hand as they made their way to his home in horwich , near bolton. his act of kindness was seen by samantha-jayne brady , who stopped them to take a picture which she then posted on facebook. the
easley , south carolina -lrb- cnn -rrb- the cracker or the bite of ice cream -- brynn duncan still is n't sure which one sent her into anaphylactic shock that day. her food allergies change so frequently , keeping track is almost pointless. it was just another day with another massive allergic reaction. she can always tell when one is coming on. `` i just get this overwhelming sense of -- they call it impending doom. '' her labradoodle , moose , starts alerting , licking her hands frantically. `` i 'll feel like i 'm being stabbed in the stomach , and then it gets hard to breathe and my throat and tongue start swelling. and we have to treat it really fast. '' on
british world dressage champion charlotte dujardin won the grand prix at the world cup in las vegas. the 29-year-old , and her horse valegro , who won the world title in lyon last year , recorded a score of 85.414 percent to finish clear of dutchman edward gal with american steffen peters in third. her score was short of the 87.129 she recorded in breaking her own world record last year , but there was no wiping the smile off dujardin 's face. british world dressage champion charlotte dujardin won the grand prix at the world cup in las vegas. `
scientists believe life on earth began evolving around 3.8 billion years ago. but while they have been able to put a date on when life appeared , they are still far from knowing how it appeared. now researchers in the us and italy say they have evidence that dna-like fragments may have come with ` instructions ' that guided their growth into complex life forms 4 billion years ago. scroll down for video. scientists believe life on earth began evolving around 3.8 billion years ago , but they are still far from knowing how it appeared. now researchers in the us and italy say they
a writer has revealed why she stopped washing her hair six years ago after embarking on a quest to try and control her greasy , limp locks - by avoiding shampoo. new yorker sarah theeboom was inspired to give up using products on her hair after she ran into an old friend whose once dry , frizzy locks were smooth and shiny. when sarah asked for her secret , her friend explained that she had simply stopped shampooing , opting to partake in the apparently-popular ` no poo ' movement , which sarah had never heard of until that moment. ' i was n't in love with it , and i just did n't really know what to do , ' she told seventeen. ' i wanted to try my friend 's trick and stop shampooing. ' scroll down for video. natural beauty :
the russian tennis federation has confirmed that maria sharapova will play for her country against germany in the fed cup semi-finals this month. world no 2 sharapova rarely plays fed cup , citing a busy schedule , but will be part of the russian team facing germany on april 18-19 in sochi. playing in the team event helps her become eligible for next year 's olympics. russia captain anastasia myskina , a former french open champion , has also picked svetlana kuznetsova , anastasia pavlyuchenkova and elena vesnina. maria sharapova has been confirmed to play for the russia team in the fed cup semi-finals next week. sharapova -lrb- left
this is one ` library ' where visitors do n't have to speak in hushed tones or risk the wrath of a shushing librarian. with more than 6,000 books at their fingertips , new york city 's luxurious library hotel is every bibliophile 's dream. the boutique hotel was designed around the dewey decimal system , with each floor dedicated to one of its 10 major categories and every room decorated according to a genre or topic within the categories. more than 6,000 books are scattered throughout the guest rooms and public spaces at new york city 's library hotel. each floor is dedicated to one of the dewey decimal system 's
-lrb- cnn -rrb- the victory of a 72-year-old former general , muhammadu buhari , in the nigerian elections represents a moment of maturity in west african politics. buhari , who some 30 years ago was nigeria 's harsh military leader , could of course prove to be a disaster ; so many self-described reformers have been. swath. but the peaceful transition of power from president goodluck jonathan to president buhari is the first of its kind in history. and the fact that the winner ran on an anti-corruption platform suggests that ordinary nigerians have finally had enough of the venality of their elites. for too long ,
a waterfall gushing over the harbour bridge , a man surfing waves in front of the opera house and a crocodile stalking flood water inside a train station are just a few of the fake photos to emerge from the sydney storm. social media users were left scratching their heads over some of the manipulated snaps being shared during new south wales ' worst storm in a decade , including an image of a family-sized trampoline caught on power lines. while there were many genuine dramatic photos to emerge from the devastating storm , such as torn up roads and floating houses , not all of them were quite what they seemed.
republican presidential candidate rand paul smacked around democratic rival hillary clinton at a campaign stop in new hampshire this morning on the eve of the former obama administration official 's first visit to the granite state as a proclaimed 2016 candidate. ` when hillary clinton travels there 's going to need to be two planes , one for her and her entourage , one for her baggage , ' paul said during remarks at a new hampshire gop summit taking place in nashua this weekend. ` i 'm concerned that the plane with the baggage is really getting heavy and teetering ' paul said , predicting that she 'd soon have new questions to answer about her family foundation 's donations from foreign actors. scroll down for video. ` when hillary clinton travels there
vince cable prides himself on being the tories ' bogeyman in the coalition cabinet. ` i 'm regularly voted their least popular cabinet member , ' he says with his familiar hangdog smile. just as david cameron and george osborne privately describe nick clegg as a ` closet conservative ' , they regard cable a closet labour politician. not surprising , since he once was a labour politician , albeit a councillor , in the 1970s. scroll down for video. vince cable wants a substantial role in government and envisages working with the conservatives again. similarly , some labour mps fantasise that if only boyish ed miliband could have persuaded uncle vince , with his provincial
tennis golden girl eugenie bouchard took her own advice to ` relax more ' by hanging out with a couple of well known girlfriends after crashing out of the miami open. the 21-year-old was reduced to tears after losing to world no 85 lesia tsurenko at indian wells before claiming she needed to chill out - although she suffered another early loss in key biscayne , going out to tatjana maria in the second round. nonetheless , the rising star looked in good spirits as she posed for pictures with fellow canadian and olympic medalist walsh jennings and had a hit with sports illustrated cover model
a university rowing team found themselves caught up in the crossfire when hundreds of flying fish mounted an attack. the first year students at washington university were practising at creve coeur lake in missouri when the giant asian carp decided to strike. the st. louis freshman men 's crew were captured on video rowing under a bridge by filmmaker benjamin rosenbaum , as he walks up the dock to greet them. the first year students at washington university were rowing at creve coeur lake in missouri. initially everything appears to be calm , until slight splashes can be seen rippling in the water around the boat. the filmmaker lets out a laugh as
-lrb- cnn -rrb- erika langhart had a zest for life. by the time she finished college she had already visited 37 countries. after graduating from college she was working in washington and thinking about going to law school. her life was full of promise , but all that ended suddenly when she was just 24 years old. in phoenix , karen langhart was looking forward to her daughter coming home for thanksgiving when she received a call from erika 's cell phone. in an interview with cnn , erika 's mom said she `` picked up the phone and answered it , ` hi schmoo , ca n't wait to see you ' -- schmoo-bear is our nickname for her -- and it was sean. '' with groceries in hand , erika 's boyfriend , sean coakley , had arrived at her apartment to make dinner and found erika collapsed
richie benaud spent a lifetime in the sun and in his final years he ruefully admitted that he was paying the price for it with skin cancers on his forehead and the top of his head. the 84-year-old , who died on friday , talked about his cancer and the treatment he was undergoing with typical candour. ` when i was a kid we never ever wore a cap , ' benaud told the nine network about growing up in australia in the 1930s and 40s. ' i wish i had. you live and learn as you go along. ' the cricket commentary box legend talked about the radiation treatment he was receiving for his skin cancer. benaud , who had n't returned to his commentary job for the nine network following a car accident in october 2013 in which he suffered serious injuries , had looked increasingly
the family rift tearing france 's national front apart plunged to new depths today when jean-marie le pen said his daughter marine ` may want me dead '. it follows the 87-year-old honorary president of the far-right party falling out with ms le pen , the current leader , over his extreme views. she was particularly angry that mr le pen , a convicted racist and anti-semite , called the nazi gas chambers ' a detail of history '. outage : jean-marie le pen angered his daughter when he said nazi gas chambers were ' a detail of history ' anger : the 87-year-old has now said his marine - the leader of the front nationale - ` may want him dead ' but , in response
andros townsend enjoyed silencing the critics with his wonder strike for england , saying naysayers like paul merson provided the perfect motivation for him in italy. this has been a topsy-turvy season for the 23-year-old , who has yet to reach the heights he scaled when he first burst onto the international scene. three lions manager roy hodgson has , however , kept faith with the tottenham winger - belief he paid back in quite exceptional fashion at the juventus stadium. andros townsend scores england 's equaliser in their
a crisp fan who gets through 42 bags in a week has discovered a skull-shaped deep-fried potato snack in one of his packets. barry selby , 54 , who lives with his dog in poole , dorset , was eating a bag of cheese and onion crisps when he made the bizarre discovery , which appears to be a profile of a human skull. the floor-fitter has decided to keep the two inches tall by two-and-a-half inches wide snack as he believes it is far more impressive than other oddly-shaped examples he has seen on the internet. scroll down for video. spooky find : barry selby was eating a bag of tesco cheese and onion crisps when
-lrb- cnn -rrb- the tv season is winding down , and the finales are starting. those endings lead off this week 's six things to watch. 1. `` the americans , '' 10 p.m. et wednesday , fx. critics continue to praise `` the americans '' as one of the best series on tv , and every finale has delivered in a big way. season 3 has seen a battle for the soul of daughter paige , the return of fan favorite margo martindale and soviet agent nina getting back in the game. the finale is titled `` march 8 , 1983. '' that 's the date
manchester city will resist any attempt by valencia to pull out of a # 24million deal for alvaro negredo to fund a move for radamel falcao. negredo joined valencia on loan last summer and the agreement included a compulsory purchase clause that triggered a permanent move to the mestalla as soon as he played for the la liga club. reports in spain on thursday suggested that valencia are having second thoughts about keeping negredo next season , but city are adamant that the deal will go through as planned. video scroll down to see negredo practice his rabonas. manchester city will resist any attempt by valencia to pull
if manuel pellegrini leaves the barclays premier league at the end of this season -- and it is by no means certain -- then he will leave behind barely a trace. inside manchester city , the chilean has always provided a welcome contrast to the emotional stresses of life epitomised by his predecessor roberto mancini but -- on the field and across the landscape of english football -- pellegrini has made the shallowest of footprints. progress at the etihad stadium has in recent years been slight. indeed , you could say there has been none , particularly in relation to money spent. at city , however , the fact
whether you 're simply day-dreaming about all of the places you need to see around the world or looking to book your next trip abroad , perusing instagram is a great place to find ideas. but there are some accounts that are simply a cut above the rest. london 's julie falconer , for example , showcases the english capital in all of its glory , while adventure photographer joe greer has made a successful second career posting breathtaking landscapes of the pacific northwest. and that 's just the beginning , so go ahead and click the ` follow ' button
children are known to copy the actions of their parents. and one adorable little girl has mastered a brilliant impression of her pregnant mother. captured in a 15-second clip , the youngster emulates the way her pregnant mother walks - and the result is hilarious. the 15-month-old girl arches her back and pushes out her belly while strutting around the room. the youngster pulls a cheeky face while her father also mimics the mum 's pregnant walk in the background. the clip begins with mum , american teri o'neil , 30 , asking 15-month-old olivia : ` how does mama walk ? ' while filming at her home. suddenly the youngster appears from the side of the shot and with
in a sport so often dominated by egos , the idiom ` if he was chocolate , he 'd eat himself ' could be used on a weekly basis in boxing. and going by the sobriquet ` kid chocolate ' , you might expect peter quillin to have an appetite to match his ring alias. instead , the man who will stand in the opposite corner to limerick 's andy lee next weekend comes across as anything but the egotist. peter quillin -lrb- left -rrb- may be nicknamed ` kid chocolate ' but he shows none of the expected arrogance. at times , the 31-year-old 's verbal patter buzzes with a modesty and philosophical slant which often betrays the expectations of a
kellie maloney has left hospital after completing her sex change and said : ' i am proud to be the woman i should 've always been '. transsexual kellie , formerly boxing promoter frank maloney , started the process to change gender two years ago and underwent her final surgery last week. the twice-married 61-year-old was expected to stay in hospital for 10 days , but has been released four days early. she now faces a further six weeks recuperation period at her home in kent with children sophie , 20 , and libby , 14 , and may also go to europe for some spring sunshine
-lrb- cnn -rrb- in a tragic echo of the catastrophic events in haiti in 2010 , a powerful earthquake struck one of the poorest nations on earth today. the latest estimates from seismologists put the magnitude at 7.9 , which would actually makes it about 40 % larger than the 7.8 currently being reported. that 's less than half the size of the previous major event nearby in 1934 , which killed around 10,000 people. unfortunately , it is quite possible the number of dead in kathmandu could rise to match it. we knew this disaster was coming eventually. geophysicists have long monitored how fast the earth 's plates are moving , and we know that
the leader of france 's far-right has been named one of time magazine 's 100 most influential people alongside president barack obama , pope francis and kanye west. national front leader marine le pen , 46 , who took over from her father in 2011 , says it shows that her party 's brand of political change is getting attention on both sides of the atlantic. in an interview before a dinner in honour of the time 100 ion new york on tuesday , the leader of the staunchly anti-immigration front spoke of representing a ` great political force '. anti-immigrant honoured : the leader of right-wing national front , marine le pen , 46 , said being one of the time 100 , shows that
billionaire phones4u founder john caudwell has revealed that his # 10million mansion is ` being haunted ' by the ` ghost ' of a child killed in the english civil war. mr caudwell , 62 , claimed visitors to his 50-room jacobean manor in staffordshire have felt a bed vibrate and a ghost brushing past them on the stairs. the businessman believes the ghostly goings-on are being caused by the spirit of a terrified little boy who died in the 17th century conflict. scroll down for video. spooked : billionaire john caudwell inside his historic mansion. he thinks the imposing building is being haunted by the ghost of a boy who was shot by a soldier loyal to cromwell during the english civil
a mother says she has been left ` devastated ' after her daughter failed to get a place at the same primary school her three brothers attend. joanne whitehouse , 44 , had applied for her four-year-old daughter alice to go to st john fisher 's rc primary school in middleton near rochdale as her only preference. her sons joel , nine , harri , seven , and ollie , six , already attend the school and she believed there would be ` no issue ' with her daughter gaining a place. joanne whitehouse -lrb- centre -rrb- was left ` devastated ' after finding out her daughter alice -lrb- right -rrb- and granddaughter olivia -lrb- left -rrb- wo n't be able to go to the same school as her three
meter maids have a long history synonymous with the sandy beaches of queensland 's most sought-after holiday destination , but time may have run out for the surfers paradise bikini-clad icons. the 50-year tradition has split the gold coast community , with business leaders calling for the end of an era , the sunday mail reported. started in 1965 , meter maids were the brainchild of gold coast developer bernie elsey who introduced the initiative to stave off the bad publicity associated with newly installed parking meters. scroll down for video. local business owners have labelled surfers paradise meter maids as outdated and were no longer providing a
a photo editor for a baltimore newspaper says he was beaten by police at a protest over the death of freddie gray. j.m. giordano , who works at the city paper , says baltimore police ` swarmed over ' him and hit him repeatedly. a video posted to the newspaper 's website sunday shows at least two police officers in riot gear hitting and kicking giordano as city paper managing editor baynard woods screams , ` he 's a photographer ! he 's press ! ' scroll down for video. injured on the job : a photojournalist was allegedly beaten by police saturday night as he covered protests in baltimore , maryland. shoved to the ground : giordano says he was standing in
ephedra foeminea -lrb- pictured -rrb- waits for the full moon to bloom and produces a sugary droplet to attract pollinating insects. it may not turn into a bloodthirsty beast in the moonlight , but a peculiar plant does rely on the lunar cycle to survive. called ephedra foeminea , the plant waits for the full moon to ` bloom ' and is the only plant species so far that 's known to behave in this way. at night , the non-flowering relative of conifers secretes tiny droplets of sugary fluid to attract pollinating insects. they ooze from the plant 's female organs where seeds are produced. when a nocturnal butterfly
from the best night 's kip being enjoyed on a wednesday to rising the earliest on a sunday , new data is giving fascinating insights into how the world sleeps. using statistics from sleep cycle app users , researchers have discovered that the earliest wake-up time worldwide is on a monday in south africa. while on tuesdays , americans rise at 7am and are in the worst mood all week. in terms of national average sleep quality , slovakia topped the list. the uk was in 45th place , while the us was in 49th. the best sleep quality worldwide occurs on a wednesday night. more than half -lrb- 58 per cent -rrb-
a father has discovered that facebook photos of him and his seven-year-old daughter were used to set up a fake account and scam an austrian woman out of $ 4,000. antonio valente , from dallas , texas , first learned of the ruse when he received a message from marianne heinrich , who lives in vienna , two weeks ago , he told nbc dfw. she told him that someone using the name ` johnson michael lynn ' had created a fake facebook profile using photos of him and his daughter before befriending heinrich online. scroll down for video. shock : antonio valente , from dallas , texas , learned that his facebook photos were being used on a fake account - and ultimately scammed an austrian woman out of
dongguan , china -lrb- cnn -rrb- for a decade , the new south china mall -- the biggest shopping mall in the world -- has been an embarrassment for its owners and china. opened to the public in 2005 in dongguan in the south of the country , the goal was to attract 100,000 visitors a day with an array of entertainment , shops and eateries. outside the mall , a giant egyptian sphinx and a replica of the arc de triomphe were erected alongside fountains and canals complete with venetian gondolas. it even boasted an indoor roller coaster. but despite the
-lrb- cnn -rrb- larry johnson remembers the fear and feeling of helplessness from being on the skywest airlines flight that made an emergency landing in buffalo , new york. `` i thought we were done , '' he said thursday , one day later. `` there was no doubt in my mind that we were n't going to land. '' johnson was flying with his brother , his girlfriend and his 8-month-old son when he says a flight attendant came over the speaker asking for someone who was medically trained to help with a sick passenger. minutes later , johnson says , the attendant announced there was a pressurization problem and told passengers to prepare for the emergency landing.
in lederhosen and knee-high socks , adolf hitler lounges against a tree in a pose more twit than tyrant. it is little surprise the fuhrer later banned the absurdly camp woodland snap , calling it ` beneath one 's dignity '. but the rare archive photo , and several other portraits as comical as they are chilling , have been discovered in a hitler ` fan magazine ' from the thirties. in lederhosen and knee-high socks , adolf hitler lounges against a tree. the fuhrer later banned the absurdly camp woodland snap , calling it ` beneath one 's dignity ' hitler seems ill at ease with his hands , squeezing them into his tight lederhosen pockets in
the cheyenne mountain complex is one of the icons of the cold war - a self-contained and sufficient town buried under the rockies meant to be impervious to a soviet nuclear barrage. it was home to the north american aerospace command -lrb- norad -rrb- , scanning the skies for russian missiles and the military command and control center of the united states in the event of world war three. the high tech base entered popular culture with appearances in the 1983 cold war thriller war games and 1994 's stargate - which imagined the complex as a clandestine home for intergalactic travel. scroll down for video. secret : the cheyenne mountain complex in colorado was built for norad to direct
tim sherwood wants to wipe any smile from raheem sterling 's face by causing an fa cup shock at wembley on sunday. footage this week emerged showing the liverpool forward inhaling nitrous oxide , a legal high commonly known as laughing gas because it creates feelings of euphoria. but sherwood said : ` let 's hope he 's not laughing after sunday. ' aston villa boss tim sherwood is hoping they can cause a fa cup semi-final shock vs liverpool on sunday. raheem sterling -lrb- right -rrb- was pictured smoking a shisha pipe with team-mate jordon ibe earlier this season. the aston villa manager knows his ambitions to beat liverpool and reach the fa cup final may rest on taming sterling ,
` everybody loves harry ' exclaimed a disgruntled ian wright , at the very thought of anything to the contrary. ` what you on about ? ' alongside wrighty , steve mcmanaman also defended his honour. ` he 's been hugging everybody ' , laughed macca. all of this because jake humphrey teasingly suggested to harry redknapp he was in ` hostile territory ' as bt sport brought us the lunchtime game from the emirates between arsenal and liverpool. not since his aching knees took him away from the touchline have we seen harry pitch side at a premier league ground. well , that break seemed to have done
bradley neil admitted he needed to give himself a ` kick up the arse ' after missing the cut on his masters debut at augusta national. the 19-year-old scot carded rounds of 78 and 79 to finish 13 over par , although he did at least sign off in style with a birdie on the 18th. ` it was a great learning experience but very tough , ' said the 2014 amateur champion , who played with 1988 masters winner sandy lyle. ` every time you get to play with the world 's best you 'll take something away. this is where i want to be in a few years time. i just need to keep working harder. amateur champion bradley neil missed the cut on his debut at the masters. the scot admitted he needed
adrian peterson is back in the national football league. it was announced today that starting friday , peterson would be able to participate in all scheduled activities with the minnesota vikings. this after a ban that has been in effect since september 17 of last year following an incident in which he beat his young son with a switch. scroll down for video. the nfl has reinstated adrian peterson -lrb- above -rrb- , allowing him to participate in league activities starting on friday. the nfl said in a release ; ` in a letter from commissioner roger goodell , peterson was informed that he is expected to fulfill his remaining obligations to the authorities in minnesota and texas , as well
-lrb- cnn -rrb- every day , images of war and conflict are splashed across our desktops , plastered on our tv screens and scattered through our mobile news feeds. because of that , one 's response to such imagery often becomes calloused or desensitized. this concept of `` how we digest images of war through mainstream media outlets , '' was what drove photographer simon brann thorpe to begin his project `` toy soldiers. '' this idea to create a fresh perspective drove him into the desert of western sahara , a long-disputed region of northwestern africa. thorpe uses the area 's harsh landscape as a powerful backdrop
it 's the festival that fashion forgot - and this weekend celebrities were leading the bad-taste brigade at coachella. revellers at the arts and music extravaganza in the californian desert are known for their ` out there ' outfit choices but this year festival-goers wore ever more outlandish looks. yet even among the acres of exposed flesh , lame pieces , mesh maxi dresses , skintight patterned leggings and leotards , a few stars ' dubious style still managed to stand out. scroll down for video. another pair are trussed up in neon tutus and floral-adorned bras. one man decided to ditch all the outfit-choosing hassle and simply dressed up as a mummy , wearing a full bodysuit in the scorching sun.
floyd mayweather vs manny pacquiao will be the biggest fight of all time financially and the most significant this century. evaluating the greatest ever fights is a complex variable of several factors including not only the quality and excitement of the action but the political , social and cultural undertones , the scale of expectation and outside influences. where money man vs pacman comes to rank among the most important fights in ring history will depend upon what happens that coming night in the mgm grand garden arena. here are my 12 most significant fights in boxing 's history. the fight for race. jack johnson v james j
in a beautiful new campaign for vans and & other stories , the woman dubbed the ` world 's oldest supermodel ' has put her younger counterparts to shame. looking radiant , daphne selfe , 86 , shows off the collaboration between the footwear super-brand and the ethereal high street store with uncompromising grace. daphne said of the collection , in which she appears with 22-year-old flo dron : ` the & other stories ' collection that is featured in this story is truly relaxed and timeless with a modern twist , all in lovely colours. ' 86-year-old daphne selfe has starred in the
a 115-year-old detroit-area woman now listed as the world 's oldest living person still makes plans for a fishing trip each year and credits god for her longevity. jeralean talley of inkster tops a list maintained by the los angeles-based gerontology research group , which tracks the world 's longest-living people. gertrude weaver , a 116-year-old arkansas woman who was the oldest documented person for a total of six days , died on monday. talley was born may 23 , 1899. scroll down for video. the world 's new oldest person : jeralean talley was born on may 23 , 1899 , and credits her long life to her faith. celebrations : jeralean talley attends church as
dubai -lrb- cnn -rrb- it 's with some trepidation that i set off for the al marmoum camel race in dubai. as the only gulf national in the cnn team , i am expected to be familiar with camel racing , an ancient tradition in the region. but despite my attempts to dress in a kandora , a uae national dress , my modern outlook on life means i am a total outsider in this world. a cheerful farm owner leads us inside the majlis -- meeting area -- where the camel owners are gathering. the wide space of the majlis feels like an ornate theater. the camel
we all joke about how bad school dinners are but a secondary school in china takes this age old gripe to another level. in protest at their ` horrible ' school meals , high school students in north east china 's jilin province are being forced to the sidewalk everyday to eat their lunch. with teachers banning packed lunches and erecting barbed wire and metal sheeting to prevent smuggling , the students ' only option is to leave school grounds to eat everyday , the people 's daily online reports. a group of students eat their lunch together at a local street vendor near the school premises. left , a group of students eat their lunch while
ed balls was left briefly stumped by a basic maths question today after he gave a speech in leeds. asked what seven times six equals , labour 's shadow chancellor looked down at his feet and laughed nervously before eventually answering correctly following a ten second pause. mr balls said : ` the answer ... the answer is 42 ' , before adding : ` it 's always a very dangerous thing for politicians to answer those sorts of questions , so that 's the last one i 'm going to answer. ' scroll down for video. ed balls was left briefly stumped by a basic maths question today after he gave a speech in leeds. he was asked to work out the multiplication at the q&a
the attorney for an arizona city where 19 firefighters died while battling a massive woodland blaze says he was told it was an order from the group 's supervisor led to their deaths in june 2013. prescott city attorney jon paladini claims the fire 's sole survivor , lookout brendan mcdonough , heard the leader of the granite mountain hotshots order the crew to leave a safe spot where the fire had already burned. paladini tells the arizona republic that he was told the order came just before winds whipped yarnell hill into a deadly , all encompassing firestorm. fatal orders ? the yarnell hill fire killed 19 firefighters in 2013 , the worst disaster
bubba watson is used to wowing spectators with unorthodox golf shots on the course , but the two-time masters champion has proved he can go one step further in practice. the 36-year-old took to twitter on saturday to show fans a new trick he had been working on. working with his caddie in china , watson pulled off a baseball-style shot with a driver , striking the ball as it was dropped from a height. bubba watson showed off an incredible baseball style trick shot while practicing in china. the american flicked the ball to someone in the tree before they dropped it and
as a new parent , one of the most trying parts of caring for a baby is getting them to go to sleep. however , you may be able to wave goodbye tp sleepless nights thanks to one father who has come up with a trick that can get your little one to sleep in less than one minute. nathan dailo , from sydney , uploaded a video to his youtube channel demonstrating how he gets his three-month-old son seth to drift off in just 42 seconds. the clip that has now received almost 26,000 views sees the father gliding a piece of white tissue
-lrb- cnn -rrb- build a wall the length of the border with somalia. recruit and train up thousands of new security officers. give them better tactics and equipment. kenya 's politicians and public have struggled with these ideas over and over. but the blood of 147 people slaughtered and 79 more injured , when al-shabaab opened fire at a college campus in garissa on thursday , has them debating them with renewed vigor. many kenyans had believed that security improved enough since al-shabaab held nairobi 's westgate mall under siege for four days in september 2013 , resulting in the deaths of 67 people. had
many people might think that trust issues , long distances and cheating scandals are the biggest strains on a relationship. but they are wrong. it 's ikea. a psychology expert has confirmed that shopping at or assembling furniture from the scandinavian store chain can be a serious source of friction between a couple , thanks to the high levels of stress caused by both activities. ` the store literally becomes a map of a relationship nightmare , ' ramani durvasula , a clinical psychologist in santa monica , california , told the wall street journal. scroll down for video. can your relationship handle it ? experts say that shopping at ikea can cause serious friction between couples - and assembling the
defending nba champions san antonio spurs have stepped up their title defence preparation by taking part in an amusing music video which announced band spuran spuran. kawhi leonard , matt bonner , patty mills , aron baynes and official mascot the coyote all teamed up to form the band - with the bands name in reference to english rockers duran duran. the video shows the four players performing debut single ` spurs ! ' by taking part in a 1980s-style performance while showing off funky outfits and extravagant hairstyles. matt bonner was on guitar duty for spuran spuran as they announced debut
whitaker on way out. james whitaker 's brief reign as the ecb 's head of selectors looks set to end when the new director of cricket is announced. it is expected the responsibilities of the chosen appointment will include being in overall charge of selection , leading to the end of whitaker 's stint. his position has looked untenable in any case since paul downton was axed as managing director of england cricket. one county displeased by the test squad that whitaker and his panel picked for the current tour of the west indies are yorkshire. the champions are furious that of
boston -lrb- cnn -rrb- after weeks of dramatic and emotionally wrenching testimony in the boston marathon bombing trial , jurors deliberated for more than seven hours tuesday. but they have n't reached a verdict yet. the jurors sent out two questions , which are scheduled to be addressed when they return to court wednesday morning. dzhokhar tsarnaev , the 21-year-old accused boston marathon bomber , faces life in prison or the death penalty. on monday , the jury saw a video of the moment a bomb exploded and disemboweled an 8-year-old boy and ripped the leg off his sister. the blast killed a 23-year-old graduate student from china. the jurors
she was just eight when she first attended the maundy day service. the then princess elizabeth was photographed in 1935 at westminster abbey in her smart bonnet and buttoned-up coat. it would be another 18 years before her coronation. eighty years on , the queen yesterday gave out maundy coins in the pre-easter tradition. resplendent in a turquoise coat by stewart parvin and matching hat , the queen was all smiles as she arrived at sheffield cathedral for the traditional ceremony. eighty years ago : the then princess elizabeth was pictured in westminster abbey at the service in 1935. handing out alms : the queen presents a lady with the two maundy purses at sheffield cathedral. joined by the duke of edinburgh , her majesty was there to present
accused : charlene mess , 48 , allegedly murdered her husband of 30 years at their new york farm. a farmer 's wife murdered her husband then buried his dead body beneath a pile of manure , authorities have said. charlene mess , 48 , was arrested on monday after her husband of 30 years , 52-year-old douglas mess , was found killed at their farm in attica , new york. state police troopers went to the home at 1229 exchange street road after the couple 's son , douglas mess , jr. , 29 , reported that his father was missing. the younger mess said that
-lrb- cnn -rrb- i remember the day i stopped praying. it was the day after my little brother , jimmy , died of cancer. he was 25. i was so angry at god. i was 27 at the time , and , like most young people i had stopped going to church. but , on that day -- that terrible day -- i desperately needed to understand why god took my brother. i called the nearest catholic church , looking for a priest. a lady picked up the phone. `` can i talk with father ? '' i asked. i wish i could say her
-lrb- cnn -rrb- they 're not gon na take it anymore. really. twisted sister says that its 2016 tour will be its last , according to a press release. next year marks the band 's 40th anniversary , and to celebrate , the tour is being titled `` forty and f*ck it. '' `` it 's official : farewell , '' twisted sister singer dee snider posted on facebook. snider also noted that the band will play with a new drummer , mike portnoy of adrenaline mob. portnoy replaces a.j. pero , who died march 20. the band will also perform two shows in pero 's honor : one at las vegas ' hard rock hotel and casino ,
-lrb- cnn -rrb- china 's cybercensors have long used a `` great firewall '' to block its citizens from reading critical articles from western news websites or consuming other content it disapproves of. but it 's no longer enough for them , says a study published friday. they 've developed a new it weapon and have attacked servers outside their borders , including in the united states. the study 's authors have named it the `` great cannon , '' and it operates in plain sight. going on the attack so visibly and handily within another country 's borders will probably draw international ire , the study 's authors say , and beijing may have counted on that. `` this is a powerful attack capability , and we are curious about the risk and benefit analysis that led the
as the daughter of actress nanette newman and film director bryan forbes , and the wife of a super-rich banker , emma forbes was never destined for a life on the breadline. but even she has astonished her showbusiness friends by buying a # 27 million london mansion -- for cash. the four-storey home has five kingsize bedrooms , five bathrooms , an underground pool , a gym , and a lift to take cars to the basement garage. extravagant : the red-brick mansion with a neo-classical facade was torn down by the previous owners. but it is not to everyone 's taste -- one neighbour has described it as looking like a ` down - market mortuary
hidden along a dusty dirt track across several miles of scenic hills , it was formerly home to a post office , a grocery store and even a school house. but now , evansville in comanche county , kansas , is a shadow of its former self , with its once-thriving commissary building in a state of disrepair. however , the ghost town is still home to two final residents , who tend to the site 's numerous cattle - rancher larry ` dee ' scherich and his wife , phyllis. the couple , who live in a house just north of the historic commissary building , do not have to worry about unexpected
a bloodstained document revealing a life-or-death episode that could have derailed the whole us space programme of the 1960s is tipped to sell for # 80,000 -lrb- $ 120,000 -rrb-. the splatters of blood on the checklist for the very first us spacewalk were from an astronaut as he frantically battled to close the hatch door of the spacecraft after a historic venture. but the gemini 4 mission of june 1965 ultimately proved successfully , and paved the way to astronauts walking on the moon for the first time four years later. a complete 13-page checklist , including a bloodstained document seen at the front -rrb- , from the gemini 4 mission in june 1965 is tipped to sell for a huge # 80,000 -lrb- $ 120,000 -rrb-.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- ursula ward kept repeating her son 's name -- odin. she steadied herself against the podium in the fall river , massachusetts , courtroom and occasionally paused. she was tired after more than two years of pain , punctuated wednesday when her son 's killer , aaron hernandez , was convicted of first degree murder and sentenced to life in prison. odin lloyd was her first born , her only son. `` odin was the backbone of the family. odin was the man of the house. odin was his sisters ' keeper , '' ward told judge susan
as the world spotlight shines on a german courtroom in the trial of the ` auschwitz bookkeeper ' oskar groening , hidden in the shadows are the forgotten women who served as guards at hitler 's death camps. now , seven decades on and in the twilight of their lives , these former ss guards who ruled the human slaughterhouse auschwitz with an iron fist will go to their graves having escaped justice. of the 3,700 women who served at nazi death camps , just three were investigated by prosecutors in germany for their roles as accomplices to mass murder. scroll down for video. no justice : charlotte s , left , now
sharmeena : the teenager flew in secret to syria. the jihadi bride who persuaded three friends to follow her to syria was brought up in a strict muslim household which turned to islamic state apologists cage when she disappeared , it emerged yesterday. sharmeena begum , 15 , was raised by her uncle shamim miah , a devout muslim and former religious scholar. he encouraged her to pray each dawn before classes at bethnal green academy in tower hamlets. he blames the airport authorities , police and her school for letting sharmeena flee the country last december , flying from gatwick to turkey before crossing the border to syria. controversially , he has turned for advice to cage , the hardline human rights
john isner reached the semifinals of the miami open after easily beating fourth-seeded kei nishikori of japan 6-4 , 6-3 on thursday. the 6-foot-10 , hard-serving isner is the first american man to make the semifinals in miami since 2011. he 'll next meet either world no. 1 novak djokovic or david ferrer on friday night. isner won the final eight points of the first set , breaking nishikori at love to end it. he then ran out to a 3-0 lead in the second set and never faced serious trouble. big serving john isner became the first american to reach the semi finals in miami since 2011. kei
angelique kerber of germany upset three-time defending champion maria sharapova 2-6 , 7-5 , 6-1 in the second round of the porsche grand prix on thursday. the top-seeded russian won four straight games to clinch the first set but she made some errors to drop the second set and faded in the third. top seed maria sharapova was beaten in three sets by angelique kerber of germany. sharapova , who had a first-round bye and had won her previous 13 matches in stuttgart , also lost her world no 2 ranking after the defeat. she will be replaced by simona halep of romania when the rankings are updated on monday.
two children have been killed in what police are calling an accidental vehicle fire at a las vegas apartment complex. investigators say four children were playing in and around a parked minivan saturday evening at the arcadia palms on east sahara avenue when one of them unintentionally set a fire inside. two of the children managed to escape unharmed and quickly requested help. the other two children became trapped and were found dead inside after the fire was put out. two young children have died after a minivan they were playing in on the parking lot of the arcadia palms apartment complex
this is the chilling message a mother wrote on facebook a day after allegedly abandoning her quadriplegic 21-year-old son in the pennsylvania woods with just a blanket and a bible. ` i 'm so happy , ' nyia parler , 41 , commented under a new picture of her cuddling her boyfriend on tuesday. just 24 hours earlier , police say she wheeled her care-dependent son into a park near their home in south west philadelphia and left him there , before going to stay with her partner in maryland. relatives , who had been contacted by the boy 's school when he did n't turn up to class on tuesday , commented on parler 's picture , ` nyia call me asap , ' and ` how the hell you
in the midst of the family 's fighting and different claims , bobby brown has made a bold move. according to a saturday report by nbc affiliate 11alive , the 46-year-old singer has filed for guardianship over daughter bobbi kristina 's estate. this news comes just days after the 22-year-old 's loved ones were split over whether she had awoken from her coma as her father had claimed. scroll down for video. bold move : bobby brown has filed for guardianship over daughter bobbi kristina 's estate according to a saturday report from nbc affiliate 11alive. bobby was spotted earlier this week
garissa , kenya -lrb- cnn -rrb- kenyan police have arrested five suspects in connection with thursday 's attack at garissa university college , interior minister joseph nkaissery said friday , according to cnn affiliate ntv. nkaissery told reporters the university will be able to confirm saturday if everyone has been accounted for. thursday 's attack by al-shabaab militants killed 147 people , including 142 students , three security officers and two university security personnel. the attack left 104 people injured , including 19 who are in critical condition , nkaissery said. during search and recovery efforts on friday , cnn witnessed one male who was not a student hiding under a bed. that male was taken
roy keane described paris saint-germain defender david luiz as ` lost ' following his woeful first-half performance against barcelona on tuesday night. the # 50million former chelsea man was at fault for both goals as neymar sent the ligue 1 side bowing out of the champions league with little more than a whimper. keane , known as one of punditry 's scariest characters , is n't usually one for holding back when it comes to opinions , but even he had some sympathy for the brazilian international. psg defender david luiz -lrb- right -rrb- had a torrid time marking barcelona forward neymar on tuesday night. luiz was at fault for both of neymar 's goals as psg crashed out of the champions league
ten former atlanta public school educators , convicted earlier this month of racketeering in one of the largest u.s. test-cheating scandals , were told to consider plea deals or face significantly more time behind bars. fulton county judge jerry baxter urged the defendants during the sentencing hearing on monday to accept deals with the prosecution in the trial over a widespread conspiracy to cheat on state tests. he also threatened prison sentences for them if they fail to reach those deals. ` i 've got a fair sentence in my mind and it involves going to jail for everybody , ' said baxter. he also said , ' i do n't think
-lrb- cnn -rrb- hillary clinton is finally announcing her candidacy for the 2016 presidential election. although she has watched her standing in the polls sag in recent months , there is likely to be a boost in the days that follow the announcement. for democrats , there is ample reason to be excited about clinton 's run for the presidency. she is certainly one of the strongest candidates in many decades. she brings to the table extensive political and policy experience , a combination of skills that is often lacking. she has been through some of the roughest partisan wars and emerged stronger than ever before. she has a keen sense about the nature of the modern news
one-eyed police killer dale cregan has been sent to the same psychiatric hospital as moors murderer ian brady after going on hunger strike for the second time. the 31-year-old has reportedly been transferred from hmp manchester , formerly strangeways , to ashworth hospital , a high-security psychiatric unit in maghull , merseyside. cregan , who was jailed for life after shooting police officers fiona bone and nicola hughes in 2012 , was said to have started refusing food at the category a jail after being moved to solitary confinement. scroll down for video. one-eyed police murderer dale cregan -lrb- above left -rrb- has reportedly been moved from the category a prison to the
a father who was caught on camera allegedly punching his three-year-old boy son in the face at a supermarket has launched a bizarre rant online , insisting the incident is a ` misunderstanding '. justin whittington , 23 , was arrested on friday in bakersfield , california , and charged with child cruelty after the video of the alleged abuse surfaced online. but following interviews , his charge was changed from ` cruelty ' to ` endangerment ' , and his bail dropped from $ 1 million to $ 20,000. on sunday he posted a message on facebook asking for his pregnant wife and son to be ` left out of this
dramatic footage has emerged of two separate houses being swept away by floodwater as wild weather wreaks havoc along the coast of new south wales. one house was filmed as it was carried along a street in dungog , in the hunter valley , north of sydney. a dungog resident filmed the half-submerged property drifting down the main drag as floodwater laps at its sides on his smartphone. scroll down for video. a house in dungog in nsw 's hunter valley is seen washing away and was captured on a smartphone. similar scenes were evident in lake macquarie with this house floating along the waterway. footage
-lrb- cnn -rrb- it took prosecutors months to present 131 witnesses to support their claim that former nfl star aaron hernandez killed semi-pro player odin lloyd. on monday , hernandez 's defense gave its side of the story , wrapping up its witnesses in less than a day. hernandez , 25 , is on trial for the shooting death of lloyd , whose body was found in a massachusetts industrial park in june 2013. now that the defense has rested , it wo n't be long before the jury begins deliberating. much of the evidence in the former new england patriots ' case is circumstantial. here are
they gave us sanitation , wine , aqueducts and roads , but it seems the romans also gave us one more addition to the list - tuberculosis. researchers have isolated bacterial dna of several strains of the disease from the bodies of mummies found in the crypt of a church in the city of vác in hungary. they found 14 different strains of tb bacteria that had infected eight of the bodies in the tomb and traced them all back to a single source. mummified remains of 28-year-old terézia hausmann -lrb- above -rrb- found in the 18th century crypt of the dominican church in vác , hungary , were among those found to have been infected with tuberculosis
backache is striking us younger than ever -- with almost half of the under-30s saying they are battling constant pain. experts blame increasingly sedentary lifestyles and an obsession with mobile phones for a sharp rise in the number of young people with back and neck problems. and they warn that children as young as 12 are seeking treatment. as gadgets get smaller , users lean over them more , putting the neck and shock-absorbing discs that cushion the vertebrae under added pressure. some 45 per cent of the under-30s surveyed for the british chiropractic association said they had a painful back or neck -- up from 28 per
forget helicopters and bmws , could the ultimate symbol of wealth be clothes made from gold ? on a catwalk show which took place in xi'an , the capital city of north-western china 's shaanxi province , models strutted their stuff in items made from the precious metal. including underwear and a chain-mail style shirt which it has been revealed would be worth around # 40,000. and this was no lightweight affair either. on a catwalk in xi'an in china models strutted their stuff in gold underwear , it is thought the look is influenced by royal women in history. the shirt alone worn by the male model weighed in at 7lbs and the matching bra and underwear for the
washington -lrb- cnn -rrb- until recently , if you sat in church on sunday mornings , pollsters could predict where you stood on same-sex marriage. what a difference a decade makes. in 2003 , when the massachusetts supreme court became the country 's first to legalize same-sex marriage , less than 30 % of religiously affiliated americans supported gays ' and lesbians ' right to wed.. by 2014 , that number had climbed to 47 % , according to a survey conducted by the public religion research institute. that 's more than the 45 % who said they opposed same-sex nuptials. the margin is small but statistically significant , said robert p. jones , ceo of prri , because of the exceptionally large pool
polk city , florida -lrb- cnn -rrb- if you drove by it , you would n't even know it 's there. the ringling bros.. center for elephant conservation sits on 200 acres of land in rural central florida , halfway between orlando and sarasota , off a nondescript country road. an armed security guard greets you at the entrance. after a short drive down a gravel road , you get the sense this is a special place. `` you can walk around and you do n't hear anything , '' said kenneth feld , who opened the center in 1995. `` these elephants , they have these large feet and they travel silently through the fields. i think it 's very peaceful. ''
more than 30,000 cases of the country 's most popular hummus dip are being recalled after sabra , the manufacturer , said they could be contaminated with listeria. the company said the total number of containers in the recall comes to ` approximately 30,000. ' only five batches of hummus are being recalled - and only the company 's classic hummus. ` this measure is limited to five skus of classic hummus sold nationwide , ' sabra dipping co. said in a release. ` to date , no other sabra product is affected by this recall. ' scroll down to see the batches of hummus being recalled. listeria concerns have led to thousands of classic hummus
a man who lost his iphone ended up finding it on the other side of the world and striking up a friendship with its new ` owner. ' matt stopera misplaced his cellphone in new york city and the only clue that gave a whereabouts to its located was when some unusual photos of orange trees and fireworks started appearing on his photostream. mr stopera said he asked himself , ` who is this man , and why are his pictures showing up in my phone ? ' instant connection : months after stopera lost his iphone in new york city. it ended up in the ends of li hongjun in southeastern china. he received
victoria beckham might be one of the world 's most successful fashion designers , but she still ca n't seem to pip her husband at the style stakes. a new poll of the most fashionable brits puts david at number three , with victoria trailing behind at number nine. movie great audrey hepburn beat stiff competition from members of the royal family and the beckhams to be voted the most stylish brit of all time , according to the poll. david beckham and his wife victoria both. victoria beckham strapless dress. show off your figure. visit site. victoria beckham as always , looking sleek and sophisticated wearing one of her own designs to the vanity
robert durst has been absolved of state gun charges in louisiana. the ruling on thursday clears the way for federal proceedings on similar charges in new orleans , which local lawyers believe he can win. durst , 72 , who faces a murder charge in an unrelated california case , remains jailed without bond in louisiana. scroll down for video. next step : jailed millionaire robert durst has been absolved of state gun charges in louisiana. he will now face federal charges , which lawyers believe he can win , before a murder trial in california. he was arrested at a hotel in the new orleans capital
-lrb- cnn -rrb- be afraid -- be very afraid. this is the warning the world deserves to hear. because the leader of the free world refuses to look with clear eyes at the chief security challenges of the 21st century : the fruits of radical islam. the results of the obama white house 's innovative efforts to make the world a better place can be accounted for in the ever-growing numbers of victims of radical islam in the middle east , north africa and south asia. not to mention here in the united states , canada and europe. is it not a tragic irony that the arab spring-era policies of a nobel peace prize recipient accommodated the transition of syria into the world 's newest jihad theater while leaving libya a failed state and yemen a failing state ? the syrian jihad gave rise to the
a utah man is thankful he is alive after he claims a delta airlines plane flew over his home when a large chunk of ice dropped from the aircraft shattering his car 's windshield. todd larson , 55 , told daily mail online he had parked his collectible dodge challenger worth $ 30,000 in the driveway of his taylorsville home on march 25 when moments later an ice chunk crashed onto his car at 1.53 am. ` it hit so hard that four or five neighbors ' car alarms went off , ' he told daily mail online. ` it missed going through my roof by only inches and if
lovingly tended gardens with their manicured lawns and neat flowerbeds were once the very essence of englishness. but these days we are increasingly using outdoor space for the occasional barbecue or to relax in a hot tub rather than for tending flowers , according to researchers. as a result , only a handful of traditional flowers still grow in english country gardens , with the average one usually containing a mere four species -- daffodils , crocuses , roses and tulips. these days we are increasingly using outdoor space for the occasional barbecue or to relax in a hot tub rather than for tending flowers , according to researchers -lrb- file image -rrb-. almost 40 per cent of people , including 66 per cent of those aged 18-29 , spend more time
a hollywood-inspired experiment to help dementia patients by waking them up with video recordings from loved ones is taking place in new york. the hope is that the videos shown to residents of a care home in the city will ease their confusion , forgetfulness and agitation. the idea is borrowed from the 2004 adam sandler film 50 first dates , in which drew barrymore 's character suffers a brain injury and memory loss each day. a suitor , played by sandler , uses videos to remind her of him. charlotte dell , director of social services at hebrew home in riverdale , said the film was ` fluff ' , but added it inspired her to think about how the idea could help residents. the film 50 first dates starring adam sandler and
a beach-side apartment complex in the hamptons has been obliterated by flames. smoked poured over westhampton beach on wednesday at 3pm as a fire spread through 90 condos before the building eventually collapsed. it is not known what started the blaze , which was so intense it melted the paint off nearby buildings. scroll down for video. ravaged : ninety condos on the beach in westhampton were obliterated by flames on wednesday afternoon. intense : smoke poured toward the ocean and could be seen from three miles away as 12 fire crews tried to control the flames. before : this is what the pristine complex looked like before the fire.
a woman mocked after she purchased a camera that allowed her to watch her cats from work is getting the last laugh. on monday afternoon , the new york city woman , who is not being named , watched in terror as a man crawled through a window and proceeded to steal her laptop , digital camera and some jewelry from her apartment , getting out with the goods in just minutes. unfortunately for the thief , the entire thing was caught on camera. a new york city woman caught a man robbing her apartment after he was captured on her cat camera. the woman is now thrilled
it is just 12 weeks since bold claims were emanating from an ultra-confident dundee united dressing room that this season could yield an unprecedented domestic treble. ` i believe we can win all three trophies , ' trumpeted goalkeeper radoslaw cierzniak. ` people might laugh at me but maybe in may we will have won the league and cups and i will be laughing. ' on wednesday night against dundee at dens park , however , those carefree early january days seemed so long ago as cierzniak 's grip of the ball for greg stewart 's opening goal proved as tight as his grasp on footballing
this is the embarrassing moment a buckingham palace guard slipped and fell on a manhole cover in front of hundreds of shocked tourists as he took up position in his sentry box. the queen 's guard was left red-faced after he slipped on a manhole cover during the popular changing of the guard - and unfortunately for him the entire incident was caught on camera. he lost his footing and slid sideways , knocking his bearskin on the side of the box and dropping his rifle. the queen 's guard -lrb- pictured -rrb- slipped on a manhole cover during the popular changing of the guard at buckingham
loretta lynch was sworn in monday as the 83rd u.s. attorney general , becoming the first african-american woman to serve as the nation 's top law enforcement official. she said her confirmation as attorney general showed that ` we can do anything ' and pledged to deal with cyberattacks and other threats facing the country. ` we can restore trust and faith both in our laws and those who enforce them , ' lynch said , an apparent reference to ongoing efforts to repair relations between police departments and minority communities. scroll down for video. vice president joe biden , accompanied by loretta lynch 's father lorenzo lynch , second from
broadcaster stephen a. smith has once again taken a controversial stance on domestic violence on espn 's first take. nine months after smith received a one-week suspension for claiming women can play a role in provoking men into violence , smith tried to to claim that boxer floyd mayweather jr 's career should be looked at separate from his domestic violence history. in the discussion , he told fellow anchor cari champion that he understood why she disagreed with his stance because she was a woman and ` should feel that way '. scroll down for video. espn 's first take anchor stephen a. smith is under fire for claiming that floyd mayweather jr. 's boxing career should be looked at independently from his domestic violence history. responding to a ` good vs.
andy lee is confident he has improved even further since winning his world title last year. the irishman makes the first defence of his wbo middleweight belt against peter quillin in new york on saturday. and he is confident he is ready for anything the former champion has in his locker. andy lee works out with trainer adam booth at the barclays centre ahead of his fight against peter quillin. lee is making the first defence of the wbo middleweight title he won against matt korobov last year. ` we 've made unbelievable progress in the last year on my skills and everything has really just clicked for
an actor who appeared on the long-running sitcom good times has died. ben powers played the character of thelma 's husband keith in the show 's sixth and final season between 1978-1979. he passed away at his new bedford , massachusetts home on april 6 at the age of 64. his family has not revealed the cause of his death. powers ' on-screen wife bern nadette stanis wrote an emotion message on facebook on thursday to mark the actor 's death. actor ben powers -lrb- left -rrb- died april 6 at the age of 64. he is best known for his part on the cbs sitcom good times , playing
-lrb- cnn -rrb- too little , too late. that 's the mayor 's response to an artist 's apology and offer to cover the cost of fixing the `` scary lucy '' statue that has put the new york town of celoron in the spotlight this week. the bronze figure of comedian and area native lucille ball has elicited comparisons to a `` walking dead '' zombie and inspired the facebook campaign `` we love lucy ! get rid of this statue. '' the sculpture , a gift to the town from its original owners , has been on display since 2009. artist dave poulin has `` had plenty
green party activists have been told to dress in ` mainstream ' fashion while knocking on doors in a bid to win over sceptical voters. a manual for the party 's supporters urges them to appear ` level headed ' and ` agreeable ' -- and even encourages them to compliment people 's homes. the advice , which has been distributed among green campaigners in london , also provides stock answers to ease voters ' concerns about their radical plans to dismantle the army , legalise drugs and pay everybody # 72 a week no matter how rich they are. scroll down for video. a green campaigning manual urges activists to dress in
the top of the championship with five games to go. after another barmy day in the championship we are still no closer to finding out which three clubs will be promoted to the premier league. eight sides still have a chance of claiming one of the two automatic promotion places , even with just five games left to play of the regular season. and then there are the play-offs -- notoriously hard to call but surely even more so this season given the fine margins that separate this year 's promotion-chasing crop. regardless of who goes up though , there have been some stellar individual performances this
state education minister adrian piccoli has called the scot 's college university shortcut ` unfair , ' after it was released that school students could buy their way into university without completing their hsc. tuition , sporting and curricula fees for scot 's college , one of sydney 's most prestigious schools , reportedly top $ 30,000. the university of sydney have been running a 17-week diploma for year 11 students at scot 's college to skip their year 12 exams and ` buy ' their entry into the sandstone university. ` access to university should be fair and equitable , ' mr piccoli told fairfax media. ` any scheme that gives some students an unfair advantage is unacceptable
forget stumbling into the kitchen in the small hours and waiting for milk to heat up with a screaming baby on your arm. a self-warming bottle that heats up in 60 seconds is among the latest gizmos designed to make new mums ' lives easier. while muslin squares and cotton wool have been go-to products for mums for generations , gadgets on the market in 2015 include a machine that makes ` shushing ' sounds to ` break the cycle of crying ' and biodegradable nappies which do n't clog up landfill. scroll down for video. the new royal baby could be clad in eco-friendly biodegradable mull-cloth as opposed
if you struggle to get your child to go to school in the morning , do n't blame them - it could be your fault. our willingness to learn - or lack thereof - is significantly influenced by our genes , according to a large study. the researchers found that 40 to 50 per cent of the differences in children 's motivation to learn could be explained by their genetic inheritance from their parents. our willingness to learn is significantly influence by our genes , according to a study by goldsmiths university in london and ohio state university. more than 13,000 twins aged nine to 16 took part in the research -lrb- stock image shown -rrb-. psychologists from goldsmiths university of london , and ohio state university in the us studied
the heartbroken mother of becky watts has spoken of her fear of coming face-to-face with anje galsworthy - whose son is accused of the teenager 's murder. tania watts is likely to see her at becky 's funeral , as ms galsworthy was also stepmother to the 16-year-old. speaking to itv today , ms watts spoke of the ` hell ' she has endured since the murder , adding : ` i 'm still in the back of my mind not accepting ... that i 'm not going to see her. ' murdered : the body parts of becky watts , 16 , were found at house in bristol on march 2 and police charged her stepbrother
ricky gervais has led an online charge against ` trophy hunters ' after posting a picture of an extreme huntress winner lying next to a dead giraffe and smiling. the comedian was outraged when he came across the picture of american grandmother-of-nine rebecca francis , who won the reality tv show extreme huntress in 2010. ` what must 've happened to you in your life to make you want to kill a beautiful animal & then lie next to it smiling ? ' a furious gervais tweeted. trophy : ricky gervais posted this picture of extreme huntress winner rebecca francis on his twitter feed. disgust : the animal-lover sent it out with this message - which got retweeted thousands of times. proud :
host commentator. wow. real madrid have n't got going tonight -lrb- i was about to write a post about how barcelona were 5-0 up at this point -rrb- but james rodriguez produces a bit of individual magic to opening the scoring. the ball bounces up to the colombian who unleashes a stunning left-footed volley , dipping over the goalkeeper and into the top corner at some speed. that was very world cup-esque , if you do n't mind me saying. 39mins : as bad as real have been , credit must go to almeria. their work rate has been exceptional while they are passing and moving
forget sit and lie down. this skillful pooch has mastered the art of paw-stand walking. loren mathieson filmed her pet boston terrier , gizmo , performing the gravity-defying stunt one day at home after he tried on a set of new booties. footage shows him taking a few steps forwards before planting down his front feet and launching his back legs vertically in the air. he then proceeds to walk forwards , performing some graceful sidesteps as he goes. mathieson can be heard laughing while she watches gizmo in action. when he reaches her on the floor , he eventually steps back down to four paws. mathieson said gizmo performed the trick because he was unsure how to walk in his
a 10-year-old autistic boy has hand-delivered a heartbreaking poster to the immigration minister pleading to be allowed to stay in the country he has called home for the past eight years. the touching words were written by tyrone sevilla and delivered to peter dutton 's office in brisbane on monday , along with a petition containing 122,000 signatures. the poster simply said : ` dear mr sutton , can i stay in australia please. tyrone. ' maria sevilla and her young son 's desperate last-ditch attempt to remain in the country comes as they face the very real possibility of being deported back to the philippines after their visa expires today. this comes after the immigration department rejected the single mother 's visa application 28 days
former young divas singer kate dearaugo has made the shock revelation she turned to drugs and took anything she could get her hands on to mask her crippling depression after gaining considerable weight. speaking on kiis 106.5 's the kyle and jackie o show on friday , the australian idol winner spoke out about her battle with mental health , and the surgery she had to help her lose a staggering 68kg. at her heaviest , the now 29-year-old weighed 127.5 kgs. scroll down for video. candid confessions : kate dearaugo talked to kyle sandliands and jackie o about her drug-taking past. she
since parting ways with prince harry and the royal family last year , it appears that actress cressida bonas has done anything but sit around and mope. on the contrary , the invitations have flooded in. from fashion parties and music festivals , she 's been pictured living the kind of life that most 26-year-olds can only dream of. she 's bagged herself a modelling contract with mulberry , starred in a west end stage play and is now destined to act alongside dame judi dench. it seems she definitely does n't regret turning down the crown ? scroll down for video. cressida dated prince harry for two years , after being introduced to him in 2012 by princess
lewis hamilton has told nico rosberg he will do his talking ` on the track ' as the two title contenders prepare to renew their rivalry in the desert. the mercedes men left shanghai after the chinese grand prix arguing over the rights and wrongs of how they raced. but hamilton , speaking ahead of sunday 's race in bahrain , adopted an air of cool disdain for any psychological battles. ` it 's not really changed much , ' said the double world champion. ' i just do my talking on the track. that 's how it 's been since i was eight years old. ' mercedes star lewis hamilton insists that
ahead of this weekend 's premier league action , sportsmail will be providing you with all you need to know about every fixture , with team news , provisional squads , betting odds and opta stats. here is all the information you need for qpr 's home clash with chelsea ... queens park rangers vs chelsea -lrb- loftus road -rrb-. team news. qpr. qpr will not welcome back any of their injured players in time to face west london rivals chelsea on sunday. defender richard dunne -lrb- knee -rrb- is close to a return but will not be considered with fellow centre-back rio ferdinand also absent for the barclays premier league match with an
children who share ipads in class do much better in early literacy tests than those who do n't , researchers claim. the findings come after the general secretary of the national association of head teachers said he was dubious about using technology as a teaching aid in non-it classes. however , research into the effects of the devices on literacy levels suggests the best outcome comes from youngsters sharing devices. children who share ipads in class do much better in early literacy tests than those who do n't , researchers claim -lrb- stock image above -rrb-. courtney blackwell , at northwestern university in the us , found that , in tests , kindergarten children who shared
the time has come for australia 's favourite rock star-turned-politician peter garrett to sell his charming victorian terrace in randwick in sydney 's affluent eastern suburbs. the retired midnight oil lead singer , former politician and passionate environmental activist has put his family 's sydney home on the market and is hoping the stunning terrace will be auctioned off for at least $ 1.05 million. the 62-year-old has lived at the thoughtfully restored home for almost five years with his wife dora and three daughters , emily , grace and may. as to be expected the 193 centimetre rockstar 's home boasts beautiful high ceilings. scroll down for video. the retired midnight oil lead singer , former politician and passionate environmental activist
-lrb- cnn -rrb- just kill it already. that was the sentiment of many `` vampire diaries '' fans on tuesday after star nina dobrev announced she will be leaving the cw show at the end of this season. `` i always knew i wanted elena 's story to be a six season adventure , and within those six years i got the journey of a lifetime , '' she posted on her social media accounts after a `` goodbye party '' at lake lanier outside atlanta , where the show is filmed. `` i was a human , a vampire , a doppelganger , a crazy immortal , a doppelganger pretending to be human , a human pretending to be a
when hillary clinton steps off her road-trip van on tuesday at a rural iowa community college , she might not be greeted by cheering throngs. daily mail online spoke to students at kirkwood community college 's regional center in jones county , where the former secretary of state will hold her first low-key campaign event. the outlook is n't sunny for the kickoff of her ` listening tour ' : of the ten students interviewed in the school 's public lounge , only two would speak kindly of mrs. clinton. ` she 's going to push some emotional thing on us , ' predicted student hallie corum in between classes. ` what else is she supposed to do ? ' ` she 's going to be ,
a dozen or more metal implements are arranged in neat rows on the table next to the bed. they look like something frankenstein might have had applied to his monster 's neck. i begin to feel nervous. what on earth have i got myself into ? the pristine white room adds to the feeling that i 'm about to undergo major surgery. but i 'm not. i 'm here to try the wackiest face treatment to hit the beauty scene : the tuning fork facial. offered at the upmarket hale clinic in london and other clinics nationwide , the scary sounding tuning forks are pieces of metal that make different pitched
a passenger waiting to board a plane in an airport terminal has been hospitalised with deep cuts on his leg and buttocks after he broke a toilet he was squatting on. passenger jin pai , 35 , was standing on the rim of a toilet in hefei xinqiao international airport in the city of hefei , the capital city of eastern china 's anhui province , when it smashed to the ground. according to airport officials he had not wanted to let his bottom touch the seat because he was ` worried it might not be clean '. passenger jin pai , 35 , was standing on
a young boy enjoyed a rare opportunity to interact with a brown bear when he was befriended by one at a zoo. wandering over to the protective glass , the youngster named gabriel is captured on camera standing next to the bear , which sits partially submerged in the water in a north american zoo. looking to his dad for reassurance , the young boy asks whether he is safe and his dad comically replies : ` that 's pretty strong glass , hopefully. ' the dad then states : ` wow , that 's cool , ' as the bear , which is believed to be called cheyenne , sits calmly next to the youngster , as if enjoying his company
it may not be a looker , but the lusitanian toadfish can do much more than croak. the fish , which lives in rocky crevices in the mediterranean sea and atlantic ocean and glides over the muddy sea floor , can whistle , croak and grunt. scientists have found that halobatrachus didactylus makes five types of calls not only to attract a mate , but to warn off rivals too may be trying to swipe their nesting site. lusitanian toadfish -lrb- pictured -rrb- make five types of calls and males can even sing in choruses to attract mates. the fish woo females with long , rhythmical boatwhistles , which
a pensioner who went into hospital and came home to find her possessions had been cleared out has criticised her son who she says ` did n't think i was going to make it '. pamela clothier was admitted to hospital forcing her to leave her bungalow in battle , sussex. but the 92-year-old 's family was under the impression she planned to sell the house and allowed charity age uk to clear it out. her beloved dog mitzy was also taken to a local animal sanctuary and later re-homed. after returning to find the house empty , the great-grandmother has criticised the charity and her family. scroll down for video.
social media has reacted after channel 7 managed to let a questionable name appear on screen during one of australia 's biggest charity telethons. tv hosts stood by unaware that philanthropist hugh g. rection made a generous donation of $ 32.38 , which earned his name some valuable screen time. twitter users were quick to identify the blunder. twitter users were quick to notice hugh 's generous donation. in a record breaking effort the royal children 's hospital 's good friday appeal managed to rake in over $ 17.1 million that will be put towards vital research and facilities to benefit their young patients. the massive effort foreshadowed
-lrb- cnn -rrb- it did n't seem like a fair fight. on one side were hulking football players and pro wrestlers , competing as teams of two to eat as many pounds of steak as they could , combined , in one hour. on another was a lone 124-pound mother of four. and sure enough , in the end , sunday 's contest at big texan steak ranch in amarillo , texas , was n't even close. molly schuyler scarfed down three 72-ounce steaks , three baked potatoes , three side salads , three rolls and three shrimp cocktails -- far outpacing her heftier rivals. that 's more than
another day , another baton change , another away defeat for middlesbrough. aitor karanka would surely have made his defenders walk home from watford were it not for the probability they 'd spend most of the journey travelling in circles. this was that kind of game , a top-of-the-table occasion when middlesbrough needed to deliver but ultimately failed on every scale -- they did not create , they did not contain. they might have survived with deficiencies in one department , but not both. what a cruel time to deliver one of their worst performances of a brilliant season. what a cruel time for the championship 's best defence to explode at the seams. odion ighalo 's shot flies into the top corner of
fear of spiders is a survival trait written into our dna , researchers have discovered. dating back hundreds of thousands of years , the instinct to avoid arachnids developed as an evolutionary response to a dangerous threat , the academics suggest. it could mean that arachnophobia , one of the most crippling of phobias , represents a finely tuned survival instinct. and it could date back to early human evolution in africa , where spiders with very strong venom have existed millions of years ago. scroll down for video. researchers say a fear of spiders is a survival trait written into our dna and dates back thousands of years , stock photo. study leader joshua new , of columbia university in new york , said : ` a number of spider species
it was an idea that was never in danger of being poo-pooed. a game of thrones ` super-fan ' had a fully functional toilet built for him that 's an almost-identical replica of the iron throne that features in the hit tv show. while the throne on the show was forged from 200 swords melted by dragon breath at the order of aegon the conqueror , the first of the targaryen kings , the loo version was made using plywood by a team of top hollywood prop makers for youtube show super fan builds. scroll down for video. a loo version of
remember chip 'n' dale 's bizarre high-pitched babbles ? well now there 's a cat with vocal abilities to match disney 's famed chipmunks. youtube user serpentor filmed his feline friend in action. footage shows the tabby producing a range of unusual gurgling noises as she is petted. when her back is rubbed , she lets out a string of gobbledygook sounds. her owners are heard laughing in the background as they watch her in action. in between her vocal outbursts , the cat manically licks her furry body. to date the clip of her singing has been watched more than 17,000
-lrb- cnn -rrb- jamal al-labani had hoped to bring his pregnant wife and 2-year-daughter back to the united states from war-torn yemen. but the gas station owner never made it on a flight back to his home hayward , california. family members have identified him as a victim killed in mortar strike last week in the southern yemeni city of aden. he is believed to be the first u.s. citizen killed in the current violence in yemen. early tuesday evening , the 45-year-old al-labani was on his way back from mosque prayers when he was hit in the back by shrapnel from
-lrb- the hollywood reporter -rrb- ben powers , who played thelma 's -lrb- bernnadette stanis -rrb- husband keith anderson on the final season of the classic cbs sitcom `` good times , '' has died. he was 64. powers died april 6 in new bedford , mass. , his family announced. no cause of death was revealed. powers joined the cast of `` good times '' for its sixth and final season from 1978 to 1979 season , playing keith , a professional football player. his character and thelma wed in the third episode of that season , but he injures his leg while walking out of the church
digital delivery of music. caught up with physical formats like cds as a money stream for. the first time last year , the trade association ifpi said on. tuesday. it came , however , as overall global sales of $ 14.97 billion. fell marginally from 2013. the report also named the year 's top-selling album - the ` frozen ' soundtrack , which sold 10 million copies , while pharrell williams ' ` happy ' was the top single , selling 13.9 million copies. taylor swift famously removed her music from spotify. digital formats have now caught up with physical sales of music for the first time. piracy and free internet sites remain a huge problem for anindustry still reeling from the impact of turning music intodigital form , which encouraged
marietta , georgia -lrb- cnn -rrb- the little-known star of this week 's no. 1 car chase movie , `` furious 7 '' is n't a car. it 's an airplane. film producers hired a lockheed c-130 hercules to fly five cars 12,000 feet high , open a cargo door at the rear of the plane and parachute them out in a spectacular free-fall stunt. geronimo ! happy 60th birthday to the hercules -- the oldest continuously produced family of military planes in history. lockheed has been making these airplanes longer than the legendary b-52 bomber and the famous u2 spy jet. unlike those planes , the c-130 has never
a group of daring drift trike riders have captured some amaznig footage as they zipped down the world 's steepest residential road on tricycles. harley jolly , tyson barr and nic roy -- known collectively as slide christchurch -- videoed themselves descending new zealand 's dunedin 's baldwin street on three-wheeled vehicles known as ` slide trikes '. the short clip opens with a warning message , before the riders take their position at the top of the hill , famed for its 35 per cent gradient. harley jolly , tyson barr and nic roy videoed themselves descending dunedin 's baldwin street on their trikes. after a quick thumbs up , the three men begin their descent
-lrb- cnn -rrb- on may 28 , 2014 , some 7,000 people gathered in a stadium in china 's northwestern xinjiang region. but they had not come to watch the local football team or any other grand sporting event. instead , the authorities paraded scores of prisoners dressed in orange jumpsuits. armed soldiers guarded the exits. in the patently unfair , open air trial that followed , 55 people were found guilty of a range of offenses linked to violent attacks in the region and jailed. three were sentenced to death. the public mass sentencing was part a china 's `` strike hard '' campaign against unrest in
following raheem sterling 's interview on wednesday , in which he said he was not ready to sign a new contract at liverpool , blogger david tyrer of live4liverpool gives the view from merseyside. while i hate to use social media as a gauge of opinions , raheem sterling 's interview did n't go down well at all. it was ill-timed and , regardless of what sterling and his agent hoped , he did n't come across very well. some of his answers only fuelled the fire really. i 'm hoping that that was n't the whole point , as we 've seen these sorts of situations engineered by agents before. the interview has almost certainly changed the way the fans feel
-lrb- cnn -rrb- two cnn heroes are among the earthquake survivors in kathmandu , nepal. and they are struggling in the aftermath. anuradha koirala , who rescues victims of sex trafficking , has a rehabilitation center in kathmandu that is home to 425 young women and girls. while her primary facility seems structurally unharmed , all of the children have been sleeping outdoors because of aftershocks , followed by a second earthquake on may 12. the once-vibrant campus has gone from a place of safety and healing to one of uncertainty and worry. `` we are suffering with rain , strong wind. the fear is not gone from us. it is very
police say an apparent suicide near the buffet at a suburban las vegas casino-resort created panic on easter sunday. authorities say a gunshot rang out and then a man was found dead with an apparent self-inflicted wound around 5 p.m. near the buffet at m resort spa and casino in henderson , nevada. police say one adult who heard the gunshot and fell while running away was taken to the hospital with minor injuries. another person was checked at the scene. witness describe hearing a large boom and then seeing a man lying on the ground with a pool of blood surrounding his salt-and-pepper hair. several people who had gone to the buffet for an easter meal posted
jenson button 's miserable formula one season continued in bahrain after he failed to start the bahrain grand prix. the british driver was set to start from the back of the grid after he broke down in qualifying. but despite frantic work from his mclaren team to get his car ready in time for the race in sakhir , button was forced to watch from the sidelines. jenson button -lrb- left -rrb- waves to fans during the drivers parade before the start of the bahrain grand prix. ` the engine is not broken , ' said mclaren chairman ron dennis. ` what we have is the data in the energy recovery system is not clean and the chances of it failing are quite high so it is probably best not to run it. ' button took to twitter to update his fans following yet another car failure : `
a cancer survivor who had to have part of his mouth removed after a tumour stopped him from swallowing has been given a new tongue made out of part of his arm. david billing , 48 , has told how he had to undergo 14 hours of surgery at royal derby hospital , during which surgeons sawed through his jawbone and removed part of his tongue. medics then replaced the lost tissue with muscle from mr billing 's arm. the only drawback is that it still has hairs on it , and he now has to return to the hospital every few weeks to have it shaved. david billing , 48 , had to have part of his tongue removed after being diagnosed with mouth cancer , so doctors made him a new one
david rylance has been jailed for stealing more than # 50,000 from his dying mother , who was suffering from alzheimer 's. a trusted son has been jailed for stealing more than # 50,000 from his dying mother , blowing the cash on gambling , a holiday and cinema tickets. when pensioner margaret rylance realised her money appeared to be going missing from her bank account , her concerns were put down to her having alzheimer 's disease. but in reality her son david rylance , 47 , had been slowly siphoning the money away , spending it on luxuries for himself as well as everyday living costs. a # 13,000 fee to move his mother ,
some vegetarians start young , as this comical video demonstrates. footage shows three-year-old luiz antonio from brazil being presented with a fanciful dish of octopus gnocchi at the dinner table. but instead of digging into the seafood feast , he starts asking about where the tentacled creature set before him came from with english subtitles detailing his train of thought. ` this octopus is n't real is it ? where 's its head ? is its head in the sea ? did the man hack it -lsb- off -rsb- ? ' the youngster says while grimacing at his dinner plate. scroll down for video. yuck ! footage shows three-year-old luiz
her neighbour 's leylandii hedge stands 40ft tall and , says audrey alexander , has left parts of her garden in deep shade. what 's more , it now seems likely to remain that way. despite a 35-year fight to get the trees cut down to size , the council has ruled they can stay. it is the final defeat in a battle that involved two generations of mrs alexander 's family. it kicked off 35 years ago when mrs alexander 's aunt found her vegetable patch at the property would not grow anything worth eating because of the leylandii. a row between neighbours over a 40ft high leylandii hedge -lrb- pictured -rrb- has finally come to and end after 35 years.
the national rifle association gathered on saturday to condemn barack obama and hillary clinton as ` elitists ' who will ` dismantle our freedoms and reshape america into an america that you and i will not even recognize '. in the annual meeting that attracts more than 70,000 people , ceo wayne lapierre celebrated the republican majority in the u.s. senate as evidence of the group 's political clout. but he urged members to stand up against looming gun-control efforts. the motto of the convention in nashville this weekend is : ` if they can ban one , they can ban them all. ' national rifle association members hold hands during the opening prayer at the annual meeting of members
a washington television reporter had to duck for cover during his live broadcast when he was stung by bees after a truck carrying millions of them overturned on friday morning. jeff dubois of kiro , struggled to get through his report without swatting and waving his hands around as the bees buzzed around interstate 5. ` ay yiy yiy ! they 're flying all over the place , ' a panicked dubois says. ` it 's unnerving , to tell you the truth. ' during the unexpectedly dangerous report , cameraman damien glitch was stung more than 20 times. scroll down for videos. ouch : jeff dubois swats away one of the hundreds of bees that swarmed around him and his cameraman on
australian foreign minister julie bishop has attracted both criticism and applause for her controversial decision to wear a headscarf during her visit to iran. bishop , who is australia 's highest-ranking official to visit iran in 12 years , donned a black headscarf during a meeting with iranian president hassan rouhani and her iranian counterpart mohammad javad zarif. social media lit up as those from both sides of the argument weighed in on whether bishop was right to cover her head in keeping with local custom , while political commentators and politicians have also voiced their opinions. scroll down for video. to veil or not to veil : australia 's foreign minister julie bishop has sparked a debate over her choice to wear a scarf
eight years ago , after his ac milan team had beaten liverpool to win the champions league final in athens , kaka knelt in the centre circle , spread his arms out wide , tilted his head back and turned his eyes to the skies in a gesture of worship and supplication. the brazilian superstar was wearing a vest on which he had printed the proud statement ' i belong to jesus '. it was a striking , bold image of a man not afraid to display his faith. please correct me if i 'm wrong but i ca n't remember anybody screaming that what kaka had done was a ` disgrace '. i ca
if wigan athletic are to be relegated from the sky bet championship , then their new manager gary caldwell would want to see them go down kicking and screaming. martyn waghorn took that a little too literally against millwall , his red card for a senseless kick at dan harding punished by a lions side determined to avoid a similar fate. when waghorn , who played for millwall on loan from leicester in 2013 , lashed out after failing to win a corner on the hour , it was set up for the hosts to claim three precious points. and they were duly delivered when jimmy abdou headed home harding 's cross with
preconceptions , i find , can be really unhelpful , so before travelling to the datai , a luxury hotel in malaysia , i decided not to find out anything about it. i preferred instead to be delighted - or otherwise - on arrival. i was travelling with my old mucker doon mackichan -lrb- from smack the pony , plebs , the day today -rrb-. our paths first crossed almost 30 years ago as rookies on the comedy circuit , but since then we have , by chance , both acquired part-time homes in the same seaside town. it is doon who has taught me to stride like a warrior into the freezing channel. luxury personified : the datai hotel has all the colour and wonder of the emerald
world no 5 caroline wozniacki was invited to the white house on monday to take part in the annual easter egg roll and played tennis with us president barack obama. the danish ace participated in this year 's themed #gimmefive campaign aimed at promoting more active and healthy lifestyles among american people. the event was broadcast on the popular talk show live ! with kelly and michael. us president barack obama plays tennis with world no 5 caroline wozniacki during the easter egg roll. obama was n't well dressed for tennis but nevertheless the 53-year-old gave it a good go on monday. obama reacts to scoring a point against wozniacki as the pair enjoy the day hosted at the white
after decades of snapping at the heels of rival marks & spencer , next has overtaken the company on profits. and now the high street giant appears to have come up with a foolproof plan for staying in the lead when it comes to womenswear. britain 's biggest fashion retailer has an impressive line in designer copies selling for a fraction of the price of the big labels. so if you love the mulberry bayswater tote , but wince at the eye-watering price tag , you can pick up a looky-likey from next. or if you fancy yourself in a victoria beckham-style armband shift dress , but
a wisconsin church 's four-decade tradition of people mud-wrestling pigs at a summer fundraiser has been cancelled after complaints the animals were ` punched in the face , body slammed and jumped on '. st patrick 's parish in stephensville , wisconsin said in a statement that the original pig rassle will be replaced this august with a human mud foosball tournament. global conservation group , an animal advocacy group , launched an online petition claiming the tournament was inhumane to the pigs. it garnered more than 81,000 signatures in efforts to cancel the event. deacon ken bilgrien of st patrick 's parish told christian today on wednesday that the church is moving in a different direction for its 45th
a 17-year-old teen is so allergic to water that even sweating can cause a potentially deadly burning rash. alexandra allen , from utah suffers with the condition aquagenic urticaria , which is so rare it affects just 35 people in the whole world. showers have to be quick and cold - long soaks in the bath are out of the question because they trigger burning inflammation. alexandra allen , 17 , from utah suffers with the condition aquagenic urticaria. showers have to be quick and cold - long soaks in the bath are out of the question because they trigger burning inflammation.
president barack obama this morning put a human face on the harmful effects climate change can have on public health - his daughter malia. while making the case that higher temperatures lead to increases in wildfires , which send allergy-causing particulates into the air that can lead to greater and more serious incidents of asthma , the president recalled his own child 's run-in with the disease as a toddler. ` well you know , malia had asthma when she was four , and because we had good health insurance , we were able to knock it out early , ' the president told abc news ' chief health correspondent , dr. richard besser , in an interview that aired on good morning america. scroll down for video. president barack obama this morning
-lrb- cnn -rrb- a fourth man has been indicted in connection with a plot to provide material support to terrorists and for some of the men to join isis , according to an indictment from brooklyn federal court released monday. dilkhayot kasimov was added to a superseding indictment in which three previously arrested men -- abdurasul hasanovich juraboev , akhror saidakhmetov , and abror habibov -- were charged with two counts of providing support to a foreign terrorist organization. those three have pleaded not guilty. it is unclear if kasimov has been arrested. the indictment and a criminal complaint filed last month say juraboev and saidakhmetov planned to join
a comfy chalet and snow-covered pistes make for a good skiing holiday for most people. but some like to add a few extra luxury touches to their trips to perfect them - such as a live-in tailor to make the ski gear , two grand pianos flown in for entertainment and a horse and carriage on stand-by 24 hours a day. these are just some of the requests made by guests staying with high-end ski-tour company haute montagne. and they were all fulfilled , the firm told mailonline. luxury ski company bramble ski created a private ice bar for guests at one of its chalets in verbier -lrb- stock image -rrb-.
london broncos are set to give a debut to leeds teenager elliot minchella , who has joined them on loan to the end of the season. the 19-year-old loose forward has made six substitute super league appearances but has failed to break into the rhinos team so far this year. london coach andrew henderson said : ` elliot comes highly recommended from leeds and has come through a good system. i feel elliot will add competition for places and some quality to our forward pack. ' elliot minchella has joined london broncos on loan from leeds until the end of the
the second i saw you. by lorna c. beckett. -lrb- british library # 16.99 -rrb-. during his easter sermon of 1915 , the dean of st paul 's read out rupert brooke 's poem the soldier , which begins : ` if i should die , think only this of me : / that there 's some corner of a foreign field / that is forever england. ' rupert brooke 's -lrb- pictured -rrb- poem the soldier made him famous outside of literary circles. before then , brooke was known only in literary circles. but when the newspapers reprinted the soldier the following day , he became properly famous for the rest
edinson cavani found a novel way of burying bad news , as the psg striker overcame another disappointing night 's work against barcelona with a day out at the zoo. the uruguayan has struggled in the shadow of zlatan ibrahimovic during his time in the french capital , and continued to toil at the camp nou , as laurent blanc 's side went down to a comfortable 2-0 second-leg defeat. but rather than wallow in self-pity , the 28-year-old put on his cardigan and headed for a local zoo. edinson cavani strokes the head of a male goat at the animal sanctuary he visited after barcelona defeat. cavani perches
carrying out the perfect u-turn can be tricky at the best of times , so spare a thought for this coach driver who had to complete it on a narrow river slipway. not only did the driver have to perform the manoeuvre , he also had to do it while carrying a bus full of french tourists and under the watchful stare of passersby. the coach driver found himself stuck on slipway , with a queue of cars behind , after he tried to board a ferry in devon only to get turned back. this is the moment that a french
-lrb- cnn -rrb- just weeks after marvel 's `` daredevil '' premiered its first season on netflix , the company confirmed tuesday that a second season will be coming in 2016. the show focuses on attorney matt murdock -lrb- played by charlie cox -rrb- , who was blinded as a child , as he fights injustice by day using the law. by night , he continues the fight , becoming the superhero daredevil and using his powers to protect the new york neighborhood of hell 's kitchen. it 's gotten rave reviews. `` with tight adherence to its source material 's history , high production quality , and a no-nonsense dramatic flair , daredevil excels as an effective superhero origin story , a gritty procedural , and an exciting action adventure , ''
-lrb- cnn -rrb- all we want for christmas is you , mariah carey ! according to ew , new line cinema is planning a mariah carey christmas movie. producer jonathan shestack confirmed that he is working on the yet-untitled project with carey 's good friend director brett ratner co-producing. `` it 's a little bit about how music can take you back in time , '' shestack told ew. `` it will be everything you hope a christmas movie with mariah carey would be. '' here are five reasons this movie has to happen :. what is the christmas season without a little mariah ? duh ! her 1994 hit `` all i want for christmas is you '' is a classic , and admit it : you start
a woman 's missing wedding ring has turned up after four months - in the family dog 's excrement. nikki balovich had taken off her diamond-encrusted silver ring as she was pregnant and her fingers were swollen. when she could n't find it , she suspected their 90-pound baby mastiff halli had swallowed it up , but there was no way of checking. nikki balovich had taken off her diamond-encrusted silver ring as she was pregnant and her fingers were swollen. when she lost it , she suspected her 90-pound baby mastiff halli had swallowed it. ` she picks them up , and carries things around -- hair clips , rocks , hair ties. she 's always
there is an old wives ' tale that says the best way to tackle red wine stains on carpets and clothes is to cover them in white wine. and while alcohol is the key to removing a spilled glass , the solution does n't lie in a glass of pino grigio. in a video , a scientist has revealed how gin and vodka dilute red wine stains , why vinegar is so good at removing mineral deposits on glass , and how spit tackles stubborn food stains in your kitchen. scroll down for video. red wine is red because of pigments known as anthocyanins , which are alcohol soluble. when higher concentrations of clear alcohol , such as gin ,
jurors hearing the boston. marathon bombing trial are barred from attending this year 's. race , a federal judge told the panel on tuesday as part of. instructions ahead of the trial 's sentencing phase. dzhokhar tsarnaev , 21 , was convicted last week of planting. two homemade bombs at the crowded finish line of the world. famous marathon in 2013 , killing three people and injuring 264. others. the same jury that convicted tsarnaev will hear testimony on. whether he should be sentenced to death or life in prison for. his crimes , starting next tuesday , the day after the 2015. marathon takes place.
earlier this month , a pregnant canadian weather presenter received hate mail from viewers ` grossed out ' by her appearance on their screens. the scathing critics told the six-months pregnant meteorologist kristi gordon that her ` front end looks like the hindenburg and your rear end looks like a brick s *** house. ' fans jumped to support her when gordon read out excerpts from the letters and emails on tv , but it seems that abuse of pregnant tv presenters daring to get on with their jobs during their pregnancy is nothing new. australian presenter and model nicky buckley famously soldiered on with her presenting job on the sale of the
one of several florida teens accused of ganging up on a friend by allowing her to be sexually assaulted was thrown back in jail tuesday for allegedly breaking the conditions of her pre-trial release by threatening the victim online. erica avery was cuffed and hauled out of a broward county courtroom after being accused of using the internet , which itself violated the conditions set just one month prior when she was first released on $ 100,000 bond. prosecutor maria schneider said photos of the 17-year-old were posted to social media and one of them shows her using a smart phone , reports the sun-sentinel. scroll down for video. erica avery -lrb- center -rrb- was cuffed and hauled out of a broward county courtroom tuesday after being accused of using the internet , which itself violates the
if you 're bored of crosswords and sick of sudoku , an enigmatic new riddle game may be just the mental challenge you need. a mysterious app called none * gives users only one clue to get started and a keyboard to type their guesses. there are no images , music , animations , sound effects or hints to help users , or indication of what the purpose of the game is exactly. scroll down for video. an intentionally mysterious app called none * gives users only one clue to get started and a keyboard to type their guesses. examples of ` questions ' are pictured above left and right. available for ios , android and windows phone devices , the description of the
as a wealth management consultant for a prestigious london firm , craig lister is used to keeping his cool. but lately , that 's become rather more difficult. craig , 54 , is on hormone therapy for prostate cancer , which starves cancer cells by reducing levels of testosterone in the body - and has the side-effect of hot flushes. ' i have about ten to 12 flushes a day , and six to eight at night , ' says craig , a yorkshireman who lives in watford , hertfordshire , with wife sue , a teacher , 52 , and their three children , george , 22 , evie , 20 , and joseph
a woman who got a ` funny feeling ' she needed to see her husband rushed home to find him trapped under his suv. nicole mayhew had gone to work leaving her spouse scott working on his car in their garage in saratoga springs , utah. but while she was gone , the 43-year-old was seriously injured when the heavy vehicle after the fell off its jack - crushing his chest. scroll down for video. nicole mayhew -lrb- right -rrb- had rushed home after she got a strange feeling she needed to see her husband scott -lrb- left -rrb- to find him trapped under the car. trapped and in
an artist who turns dead animals into unique works of art has recently come under fire for his bizzare sculptures. sean crawford , from carterton , new zealand , said he picked up his distinctive style after his family taught him about hunting and taxidermy on the farm he grew up on. ` taxidermy was a big part of my culture , ' he told daily mail australia. ` as a kid you would watch the eyes following you around the room and i think that became a bit of a fascination for me , you know , capturing the animal in a precise moment , almost frozen in time. '
joke : hayleigh mcbay , of elgin in moray , scotland , pretended to dump her boyfriend david clarke. a teenage girl was left red-faced today after an april fools ' day prank she made on her boyfriend backfired spectacularly. hayleigh mcbay , 17 , pretended to dump david clarke via whatsapp at midnight for a joke. but the girl from elgin in moray , scotland , was given a taste of her own medicine when he pretended that also wanted to break up. college student hayleigh texted her partner on the social media app with the words : ' i do n't
brendan rodgers has come out fighting after suffering wembley disappointment and insisted he is the right man to lead liverpool next season. another trophyless season is nearing an end after losing to aston villa but rodgers said : ' i do n't think there is anyone better. that is the reality of how i see it. three months ago i was a tactical genius. now i have lost a game and it is not so good. ' i have got a strong relationship with the owners and they understand that this was going to be the process. i have n't taken over a machine that was for 10 years used to winning trophies. ' liverpool manager
newcastle midfielder rolando aarons may have played his last game this season after suffering another injury setback. the 19-year-old was in contention to play for the club 's under-21s against derby on wednesday evening along with fellow long-term absentee siem de jong. however , it is understood he has succumbed to injury once again and it is feared his campaign could be over. newcastle midfielder rolando aarons has suffered another injury setback and may not play again this season. the 19-year-old was in contention to play for the magpies ' under 21s against derby on wednesday. the magpies declined to comment , but aarons ' loss would be yet another blow to head coach john carver , who has seen his side defeated in
an art collector today claimed she was robbed of more than # 4million worth of jewellery during a designer handbag snatch in a notorious motorway tunnel in paris. the german woman , who has not been named , was in a taxi which was stuck in traffic shortly after arriving at charles de gaulle airport on wednesday afternoon. three thieves are said to have ` appeared from nowhere ' and smashed a rear window of the car , making off with the bag. the heist took place in the landy tunnel -lrb- pictured -rrb- , which is just under a mile long and notorious for smash-and-grabs. it
what the hell am i doing , i ask myself , as i stand shivering on the brink. it 's april and my first proper swim of the year. the north sea stretches before me. i dip a toe in. it 's absolutely freezing ... of course. i wobble over the sharp shingle , into the waves , until i 'm waist-deep. gasping for breath , i take the plunge. and , within seconds , making frantic strokes , i 'm swept up and i 'm swimming. and it is glorious. scroll down for video. sarah foot says her affair with open water began on hampstead heath after a local
-lrb- cnn -rrb- it has all the key points you 'd expect on a birth certificate -- baby 's weight , length and date of birth confirmed with an official insignia. the difference here is the governing authority 's stamp : the islamic state in iraq and syria. it 's one of many official documents relating to matters such as vaccination schedules , fishing methods and rent disputes in the areas now controlled by isis. for isis sees itself as a government operating under a rule of law , even if the group is most often talked about for its barbaric punishment of anyone who resists or defies its medieval interpretation
these extraordinary pictures show more than 1,700 chinese students taking an exam in their high school 's playground - because they could not all fit inside. the freshmen students from yichuan , shaanxi province took the exam on saturday in the first attempt by the school to allow pupils to sit exams in the open. the school said the reason behind the unusual move was the lack of sufficient indoor space - and added that it could be a test of the students ' organizing capacity , the people 's daily online reported. the paper reported that the grade one students at yichuan senior high school suggested and organised the outdoor exam themselves. the students thought of
when it comes to pulling out wobbly teeth , some people may reach for the pliers , while others might go for the tried and tested door handle trick. however , professional wrestler robert abercrombie - known as rob venomous in the ring - took a different approach when he tied his son james 's tooth to the back of his muscle car. a video mr abercrombie posted online shows him revving up the engine of his red chevrolet camero before powering forward , pulling his son 's front tooth clean out. professional wrestler robert abercrombie , who goes by the name of rob venomous , uploaded this video of him pulling out his eight-year-old son 's wobbly tooth with a chevy muscle
-lrb- cnn -rrb- from the giant sequoias of yosemite to the geysers of yellowstone , the united states ' national parks were made for you and me. and for saturday and sunday , they 're also free. though most of the national park service 's 407 sites are free year-round , the 128 parks that charge a fee -- like yellowstone and yosemite -- will be free those two days. it 's all part of national park week , happening april 18 through april 26 , and it 's hosted by the national park service and the national park foundation. check out night-time astronomy parties , daytime revolutionary war programs , earth day parties and family-friendly
it 's a dog-eat-dog world out there , as french restaurateurs have discovered. a report to the french government is urging eateries and customers to embrace ` le doggy bag ' in a bid to reduce the staggering amount of food thrown away each year. socialist mp guillaume garot , the author of the study , said while the popular us practice was previously ` unthinkable ' for snooty diners and chefs , a change in attitudes could save france up to $ 20 billion -lrb- # 14 billion -rrb- a year. french diners have previously seen doggy bags - popular in america and the uk - as 'em barrassing ' , but one mp has
the parents of elijah cook were worried he may be born deaf. hearing problems had run strongly through the genetics of ahavah and jason cook , with both their mothers and fathers deaf. but after the baby boy was confirmed to be profoundly deaf in his left ear and only able to hear 75 decibels in his right , the couple from andova , minnesota , were afforded something neither of their parents were. last month , they were able to experience the moment their son was able to hear for the first time , thanks to a pair of specially-fitted hearing aids. amazing moment : elijah cook was last month fitted with hearing aids that allowed him to properly hear
walter smith is reluctant to predict a permanent end to hostilities. two years since he stepped down as chairman of rangers , the crackle of gunfire still reverberates in his ears. a declaration of peace in our time is premature. dave king , the chairman-elect , has still to obtain the sfa clearance he needs for a seat in the boardroom. details of how the club proposes to stabilise the finances have yet to come. and the championship promotion play-offs threaten more landmines than the somme. yet before participating in the annual charity golf day of the john hartson foundation , the rangers icon expressed hope that the worst is over. that rangers can
the eye is one of the most complex yet delicate part of the human body. now engineers claim to have designed a range of synthetic eyes that may one day let us replace and even enhance our own sense of vision. italian bio-designers mhox has unveiled project is has been working on to 3d print organic tissues to produce working body parts that can replace the eyes of people suffering from disease. it could mean rather than getting glasses to correct their vision , people would be able to replace their entire eye. the mhox eye concept -lrb- above -rrb- is designed to replace and even enhance the vision compared to a normal eye.
more than a dozen people were injured on thursday night after a stage collapsed during an indiana public high school theater performance , sending students plummeting 10 feet into an orchestra pit. one of the victims suffered critical head trauma as the stage fell half-way through a song during a sold-out showing of american pie at westfield high school. the calamity occurred at the worst possible time - just as dozens walked on stage for the finale. ` all of a sudden , everyone was gone , ' one parent from the audience told rtv. terrible : tragedy struck thursday night at an indiana high school 's performance of the musical american pie. buckled : just as the
-lrb- cnn -rrb- it 's easy to be anxious about the threat posed by the islamic state of iraq and syria. after all , this is a brutal organization that not only kills but seems to revel in doing so in ways designed to shock the world -- from the beheadings of journalists to burning a jordanian pilot alive. such moves are part of this murky group 's propaganda and its deliberate efforts to manipulate information. so what can and should we make of the organization ? i explore the issue in depth in a special airing sunday night. and although it 's important to start with the caveat that isis is indeed trying to scare and confuse us
-lrb- cnn -rrb- richard dysart , the award-winning stage actor who gained fame playing law firm leader leland mckenzie on `` l.a. law , '' has died. he was 86. he died of cancer at his home in santa monica , california , according to his wife , kathryn jacobi dysart. for decades , dysart was a noted tv and film character actor , and stage star , winning a drama desk award for playing coach in jason miller 's pulitzer prize-winning play , `` that championship season. '' but it was as mckenzie , the occasionally crusty paterfamilias on `` l.a. law , '' that he 's likely best remembered. ` l.a. law ' : sex , crime and the ` venus butterfly ' mckenzie usually took a back seat
the arkansas judge who posted private details of charlize theron 's adoption of her son has been forced to hand in his law licence because of a bribery conviction in a separate case. by surrendering his licence , circuit judge michael maggio has avoided a disciplinary hearing over the conviction , for which he faces up to 10 years in prison and a $ 250,000 fine when he is sentenced in july. maggio , 52 , sparked controversy last march when he admitted posting a series of comments that were racist , sexist and offensive towards the lgbt community over the past
if you had planned to jet off today to catch the end of the easter school break , you may just wish you had stayed at home. in a double hit for thousands of holidaymakers trying to leave britain today , strikes by french air traffic controllers and new border control checks threaten severe delays. air passengers face up to three days of disruption , with british airways , easyjet , ryanair and flybe among the airlines forced to cancel dozens of flights. scroll down for video. delays : easyjet is one of many airlines set to cancel flights over a strike by french air traffic controllers over
from working sunrise until sunset to a heart-warming embrace between a girl and her horse - these stunning pictures give city dwellers a glimpse into the life and hardships faced by australians who live in our country 's most regional areas. run in conjunction with an annual cattlemen 's conference , the photography competition was designed to illustrate the northern territory 's unique outback lifestyle as well as their distinctive people and landscapes. locals describe the amateur competition as a chance to showcase the best the bush has to offer. winner : marie muldoon 's heartwarming shot took out the competition , also snagging the people
it took louis van gaal less than a minute of his weekly press conference to burst manchester united 's bubble and re-open some of the more troubling issues of his time in charge at old trafford. the dutchman wasted no time in revealing that michael carrick , daley blind , phil jones and marcos rojo will miss the much-anticipated clash with chelsea at stamford bridge through injury. four players capable of filling two key positions. ` the worst scenario , ' van gaal called it. wayne rooney arrives in london ahead of the chelsea clash while ashley young -lrb- right -rrb- poses with a fan. manchester united captain wayne rooney could
-lrb- cnn -rrb- washington. new york. philadelphia. havana ? the vatican says pope francis may add another leg to his trip to the united states this september , visiting cuba just months after he helped negotiate a diplomatic thaw between the two nations. the possibility , which would add a dimension of international intrigue to an already highly anticipated trip , was first reported thursday by the wall street journal. in response to reporters ' questions , vatican spokesman the rev. federico lombardi said in a statement , `` the holy father has taken into consideration the idea of making a stop in cuba '' on his way to or from the united states this september. `` however , contacts with the
a dog who was living in a shelter for the past five years has finally gone home to a loving family in new york state after his photo was shared on social media. chester , a 6-year-old pit bull mix , had been housed at the north fork animal welfare league on long island. the poor pooch had been living in new york state shelters since 2010 and it looked as though things were going to remain that way , until a picture that was shared online garnered sympathy from across the country. scroll down for video. how could you say no ? this is the picture that secured chester a loving home. long-time coming : chester , a six-year-old pit bull ,
michelle obama 's loyal chief of staff , who 's been with her since she moved in to the white house , left the first family behind this month. kristen jarvis , 34 , is moving on from washington after seven years of acting as the first lady 's go-to gal and constant companion for nearly all her daily tasks. all except some of the famously fit first lady 's more intensive workout regimes. moving on : kristen jarvis -lrb- at right with sasha and malia in 2009 -rrb- has left the obamas after seven years as michelle 's fiercely loyal chief of staff. jarvis , who 's moving on to become the ford foundation president darren walker 's chief of staff
kevin pietersen suffered an early-season setback after he was taken off the field during surrey 's match against oxford university with a minor injury. pietersen was taken off as a precaution at the parks after being hit on the hand whilst fielding close-in during oxford 's second innings. the surrey batsman stayed down momentarily before moving gingerly and leaving the field. he did not return after tea. kevin pietersen has been injured in the field while playing for surrey against oxford mccu. the former england star is hoping to win back his test place with a return to red ball cricket. pietersen was fielding at leg slip
-lrb- cnn -rrb- so , you 'd like a `` full house '' reunion and spinoff ? you got it , dude ! co-star john stamos announced monday night on `` jimmy kimmel live '' that netflix has ordered up a reunion special , followed by a spinoff series called `` fuller house. '' the show will feature candace cameron bure , who played eldest daughter d.j. tanner in the original series -- which aired from 1987 to 1995 -- as the recently widowed mother of three boys. `` it 's sort of a role reversal , and we turn the house over to her , '' stamos told kimmel. jodie sweetin , who played stephanie tanner in the original series , and
a large protest opposing the closure of remote indigenous communities in wa has shut down streets in central melbourne. several thousand people gathered outside the city 's main railway station flinders street at 4pm on friday. ` enough is enough - where is the justice for aboriginal people ? ' a speaker shouted to the crowd before the walk through cbd streets , flanked by police. this comes as the queensland police service refuses to issue an apology to an indigenous officer after claims the word ` abor ' was written on his station roster by a senior sergeant , the abc reports. protesters march through the streets
a woman who threatened to jump to her death off a new york city bridge was saved by a group of hero cops who spent more than two hours talking the woman out of jumping. the unidentified woman from greenpoint , brooklyn , was apparently distraught over her troubled marriage. she walked to the kosciuszko bridge from the brooklyn side shortly before noon on monday , climbed over a railing and stood on a section of metal piping barely wide enough to fit her feet. scroll down for video. a woman walked on to new york city 's kosciuszko bridge from the brooklyn side on monday just before noon , climbed over the railing and stood
a south african writer has claimed australia is more racist than her homeland - where segregation by skin colour used to be law. while she originally called south africa home , sisonke msimang , 41 , moved to australia with her husband and children in the last few months. as a journalist and an activist , she has spent years writing about and commenting on human rights , race relations and government accountability in south africa , including a stint working for the united nations. however , upon relocating she said she 's been faced with the realisation , that much like her native south africa : ` the deepest and most abiding forms of racism ' in australia are directed toward our own indigenous population. ' a lot of the people i speak with say ` i just treat you as a human , i do n't see race ' but they have to remember that people have different experiences because of their race everyday ' ` when i say something or someone is racist , it 's not meant to be the worst insult in the
moscow -lrb- cnn -rrb- never mind. north korean leader kim jong un has backed out of next month 's visit to moscow for world war ii anniversary celebrations , kremlin spokesman dmitry peskov said thursday. `` we were informed of the decision via diplomatic channels , '' peskov said. `` the decision is connected with north korean domestic affairs. '' the visit was highly anticipated because it would have marked kim 's first official foreign trip since inheriting the leadership of north korea in late 2011. he was to have met with russian president vladimir putin as part of the may visit to coincide with
gerry adams has sparked outrage over comments he made on us television about notorious abduction and murder of jean mcconville. sinn fein president gerry adams has described the notorious abduction and murder of jean mcconville as ` what happens in wars '. in an interview on us television , he sparked outrage by suggesting that incidents like mrs mcconville 's murder happened ` in every single conflict '. the comments have angered relatives of mrs mcconville , whose abduction , disappearance and subsequent murder became one of the most shocking events of the troubles. she was 37 when she was taken by a masked gang from her home in
depression : nurse victorino chua wrote a long note in which he said he had ' a devil in me ' , manchester crown court has heard. a nurse accused of murdering three patients in a hospital poisoning spree warned there was ` a devil ' in him , a jury heard yesterday. victorino chua penned what he called a ` bitter nurse confession ' in which he spelled out ` how an angel can turn to an evil person '. in 13 pages of rambling , broken handwritten english , the filipino nurse said he might ` explode ' at any time , adding : ` if i will be
have you ever wondered exactly what happens to the unused toiletries in hotel room bathrooms ? or how a hotel handles it if a guest dies during their stay ? hotel industry insider turned author jacob tomsky shares his tales from working in two top hotels in new orleans and new york city and provides lots of little-known tips to ensure guests make the most of every hotel stay. mailonline travel chatted with tomsky to get the answers to some of our most burning hotel questions ... scroll down for video. hotel industry insider turned author , jacob tomsky , reveals the most common items people take from hotels. what are some of the most common items that people take from hotels ? without a doubt , toiletries and towels are definitely the most popular items for guests to pocket ,
tiger woods was genial. tiger woods was charm personified. tiger woods is the 111th best golfer in the world. you can grin your way through life as the 111th best golfer in the world. no pressure. no big whoop. judging by some of the stuff said and written about woods in the build-up to his 20th masters , it will be an achievement if he makes the cut. very respected names have close to begged him not to compete. woods does n't see it like that at all. he 's in it to win it. and it 's in those little moments that the old tiger -- some would argue the real tiger -- breaks cover again. tiger woods was all smiles as he played a practice around ahead of his 20th appearance at the masters. the former best player
all but one of 10 former atlanta public school educators convicted in a widespread conspiracy to inflate student scores on standardized tests were sentenced to jail time on tuesday , as the judge called the cheating scandal ` the sickest thing that 's ever happened in this town. ' fulton county superior court judge jerry baxter had delayed sentencing by a day and encouraged all to negotiate deals with prosecutors. but only two agreed to deals. in both those cases , baxter followed the state 's recommendations : he gave a former teacher a 7 p.m. to 7 a.m. curfew at home for one year and a former testing coordinator six
michelle obama has issued a warning to motorists in the washington d.c. area that her eldest daughter is now a licensed driver who is sometimes allowed to go out driving on her own. ` i 've got a driver -- a 16-year-old driving around , ' the first lady said during an appearance on live ! with kelly and michael broadcast from the white house on monday. ` look out dc , ' she joked. although malia receives protection from the secret service , mrs. obama revealed that she does get to drive outside the white house grounds on her own. scroll down for video. michelle obama made a special appearance on live ! with kelly and
the man who was sat in the car with walter scott moments before his fatal shooting has broken his silence. pierre fulton was in the passenger seat when officer michael slager pulled them over for a broken tail light. when scott fled , fulton and another officer stood by the mercedes watching in shock as slager chased him into a park and shot him dead. now , as slager faces murder charges and national scrutiny , fulton 's attorney has released a statement. warning : graphic content below. scroll down for audio and video. ` he did n't deserve to die ' : pierre fulton , who was in the car with walter scott when officer michael slager pulled them over for a broken tail light
a woman was reportedly spotted threatening people with ' a dildo in each hand ' during an altercation outside a grafton pub. an eye-witnesses said a fight broke out inside roches family hotel late friday night before it spilled out onto victoria road. nick weller told the daily examiner he initially saw two girls brawling on the streets. a woman was reportedly spotted threatening people with ' a dildo in each hand ' during an altercation outside roches family hotel in grafton. ` there were two girls having an altercation out the front after the hotel closed , ' he said. ` there was definitely some hair pulling going
huddersfield coach paul anderson is hoping to kick-start his side 's misfiring attack to match the efficiency of their defence as they look to start climbing back up the super league ladder. the giants have plummeted from third to ninth after losing all three games over the easter holiday period but they go into sunday 's home game against catalans dragons with the best defensive record in the league. ` there 's no hiding away from the fact we are a very good defensive team , we 've just got to get our juices flowing offensively more than anything and we 've put some
first it was revealed that lashings of baby oil were used to keep aidan turner 's rippling torso looking suitably divine in the hit bbc sunday night series poldark. then came the admission that while aidan , 31 , very ` definitely ' did not wear mascara to enhance his seductive stares , he was partial to a little eyeliner to define his smouldering eyes. now , it seems eagle-eyed poldark fans have a new question on their lips : just where has aidan 's chest hair gone ? scroll down for video. a good smattering ! has actor aidan turner , who has admitted to using baby oil to show off his physique to maximum effect , been ` manscaping ' his once-hairy chest in favour of a less hirsute
they are famous for their exquisite sashimi , succulent yakitori -lrb- grilled chicken on skewers -rrb- and mouthwatering soba noodles. but the japanese have taken their culinary expertise to a whole new level with their newest cooking series. the action in this cookery programme takes place in the tiniest kitchen in the world , and demonstrates how to make perfectly formed miniature versions of classic foods. scroll down for video. a tiny strawberry cake made with cut out bread , one strawberry and covered in frosting and coloured balls. it 's a tiny kitchen ! the miniature space videos are filmed in the bijou area. miniature space , a cooking show which has taken the internet by storm , has easy-to follow videos of how to make all kinds of
the secret service took more than a year to replace a broken alarm system at the home of george h.w. bush , it has emerged. the alarm failed at the former president 's houston residence in september 2013 and even though the secret service bought a replacement system in january 2014 , it took until december for it to be installed - leaving the couple without the protection of a working alarm at their home for 15 months. it came despite an agent 's recommendation in 2010 that the alarm , which was installed in 1993 , be replaced because it ` had exceeded its life cycle '. the request was denied for an
-lrb- cnn -rrb- lauren hill , who took her inspirational fight against brain cancer onto the basketball court and into the hearts of many , has died at age 19. the indiana woman 's story became known around the world last year when she was able to realize her dream of playing college basketball. mount st. joseph university in cincinnati successfully petitioned the ncaa to move up the opening game of its schedule to accommodate her desire to play. hill died early friday. at a ceremony honoring her life on the school 's campus friday afternoon , head coach dan benjamin said the toughest thing a coach has to deal
marion ` suge ' knight has been rushed to hospital for an unspecified medical emergency after a judge ruled on thursday that he will stand trial on murder and attempted-murder charges. the former rap music mogul struck two men with his pickup truck in january , killing one and seriously injuring the other. los angeles sheriff 's spokeswoman nicole nishida says knight was transported to a hospital from the downtown courthouse. she says no further details could be released. scroll down for video. ` suge ' knight , pictured above on april 8 , will stand trial on murder and attempted-murder charges following a
the parents of young cancer sufferers now expect to be offered the same treatment as ashya king , one of his doctors has said. clinicians are in an ` impossible situation ' as a result of the king family 's flight to spain after disagreeing with doctors who were treating him in the uk. doctors and nurses who treated ashya king have criticised his parents while speaking out for the first time in a bbc documentary. scroll down for video. clinicians in an ` impossible situation ' as a result of king family 's flight to spain after disagreeing with doctors. ashya
a south american president appears to have fallen for the oldest trick in the book after unwittingly posing for a photo next to a child wearing an ` i 'm with stupid ' t-shirt. ecuador 's leader rafael correa was pictured with his arm around the boy - seemingly oblivious to the message on the shirt and the large arrow that was pointing in his direction. the casually-dressed 52-year-old is said to be able to speak fluent english - but seemingly failed to pick up the meaning of the t-shirt. ecuador 's leader rafael correa -lrb- right -rrb- posed for a picture next to a boy wearing an ` i 'm with stupid ' t-shirt. the picture was shared thousands of times on social media networks in
some clubs celebrate titles with an all-expenses paid trip to las vegas. others opt for dubai. as for martin allen and barnet , they will land in benidorm on wednesday afternoon as conference champions. regaining their football league status after a two-year absence came down to 90 minutes against gateshead. win , and the title was theirs. lose or draw , and it went to bristol rovers. there was to be no drama in this finale , yet manager allen expected nothing less. the man known as mad dog predicted they would win promotion to league two long before it was confirmed on saturday. barnet celebrate with the conference trophy after securing a return to
kenny jackett has told his wolves players they must maintain their focus and follow up victory over nottingham forest with another over leeds united on monday. the wolves boss believes it is now just the top eight in the sky bet championship who are fighting it out for the play-off places , with their 2-1 success at the city ground all but ending the reds ' chances of making a late push. wolves were fired on by a goal just 30 seconds into the second half from benik afobe , followed by a bakary sako penalty in the 72nd minute. dexter blackstock pulled one back for forest four minutes into injury time , but it was too little ,
another day at melwood , another awkward conversation with brendan rodgers for raheem sterling. this time , rather than a chat about a contract spurned it will be a noxious but legal substance once tried and tested by our own prince harry that will be under discussion. if sterling has any sense , he wo n't use the distinguished list of those who have previously tried nitrous oxide as an attempt at mitigation. once again the 20-year-old liverpool forward has been rather stupid. for sterling the life lessons are arriving thick and fast. what will perhaps stand rather more impressively in his favour is some of the football sterling produced in this
when it launched eight years ago , cruise company azamara decided to make a name for itself , literally. the founders took ` aza ' for ` blue ' - think azure ; and added ` mara ' , which has a hint of the maritime about it. and then , for good measure , they bolted on ` club cruises '. the thinking behind ` club ' was that it suggested exclusivity. the line - part of the royal caribbean group - has two ships in its fleet , journey and quest , which each carry about 680 passengers. the smaller size of the vessels means not only a more intimate on-board experience - as in tv 's cheers
it may have been bugs bunny 's favourite treat but an animal charity has warned that too many carrots are making the nation 's pet rabbits fat. the pdsa has said that obesity levels in pets is at an all-time high , with experts predicting that more than half will be classed as overweight within five years. around one in three dogs and one in four cats are already said to be overweight. too many treats , the wrong type of food and lack of exercise were to blame for turning some of the nation 's bunnies into giants , the charity added. scroll down for video. grace the giant overweight rabbit has joined the pdsa 's annual pet fit club competition for overweight animals. carrots
the grandson of a notorious new york mobster has become the mayor of a sleepy village. philip gigante , 41 , whose grandfather vincent ` the chin ' gigante was the head of the genovese crime family , was elected into the positions by residents of airmont , which has a population of around 9,000. the republican real-estate lawyer , who will get $ 25,000 a year for the part time job , hopes his ` achievements and accomplishments ' are what constituents notice , and not his heritage. crime family ties : philip gigante , 41 , whose grandfather vincent ` the chin ' gigante was the head of the
stoke chief executive tony scholes is hopeful they can keep hold of asmir begovic as the goalkeeper approaches the final year of his contract. the bosnia international has regularly been linked with other clubs during his time at the britannia stadium , and although his current deal has just over 12 months to run , scholes believes they can match the 27-year-old 's ambitions. ` clearly asmir is a terrific goalkeeper and we are very keen to keep him at the club , ' he told the sentinel. ' i think when you 've got extremely good players it is only natural that there will be speculation about
wylie brys -lrb- pictured -rrb- and his dad , dallas zookeper tim brys , were digging for fossils near a grocery store when wylie found the dinosaur bones. a five-year-old boy in dallas has had the once-in-a-lifetime opportunity of discovering 100million-year-old dinosaur bones while searching for fossils with his dad. wylie brys was digging with his dad , tim brys , back in september at a construction site near a mansfield , texas , grocery store when he made the ancient discovery. ` he walked up ahead of me and found a piece of bone , ' dallas zookeeper brys said. ` it was a pretty good size and i knew i had something interesting.
quiz question. which player is the second-highest scorer in the country this season ? stand up and take a bow anyone who came up with benik afobe , who was one of arsenal 's own before they loaned him to mk dons and sold him to wolves. afobe is young , electric-paced and on 28 goals this season - one behind man-of-the-moment harry kane of tottenham and england. bakary sako celebrates after scoring wolves second goal in a 2-1 win at nottingham forest on good friday. sako doubled wolves ' advantage from the penalty spot after he was fouled by forest 's
it 's going to be a whopper. joel burger , 24 , and proposed to his 23-year-old girlfriend ashley king. and she said yes - paving the way for a burger-king wedding. what a combo ! joel burger popped the question to ashley king - paving the way for a burger-king wedding. having it their way ... the couple revealed they plan to serve drinks in personalized burger king cups. friends since kindergarten , the pair from new berlin , illinois , went through high school together but did n't start dating until they were about to part ways for college
graeme mcdowell admits he has sometimes needed to spend time in a padded room after failing to get to grips with the challenges posed by augusta national. but the former us open champion is optimistic he can improve on his masters record this week after overcoming an ankle injury which forced him to withdraw from the valero texas open last month. ` it was the third time in my career i 've had to withdraw from a tournament and it 's not something i enjoy doing , ' mcdowell said after a practice round at augusta. ' i was not really sure the extent of how much i had hurt myself and nearly withdrew
-lrb- cnn -rrb- espn 's britt mchenry this week found herself in the news , rather than reporting on it , after a video surfaced showing her berating and belittling an employee of a tow company in arlington , virginia. among the highlights , as caught on tape and eventually uploaded to liveleak : `` i 'm on television and you 're in a f**king trailer , honey , '' and `` i would n't work at a scumbag place like this. makes my skin crawl even being here. '' and , finally , `` lose some weight , baby girl. '' it 's pretty cringe-worthy stuff that seems difficult , if not impossible , to defend. mchenry quickly issued an
an offensive attempt by a men 's magazine to commemorate fallen anzac soldiers has backfired as social media users and the department of veteran affairs condemn the crude ` commemorative issue '. after coming under scrutiny , zoo weekly removed all ` offending ' images of a half-naked model holding a long stemmed red poppy from facebook. the department of veteran affairs -lrb- dva -rrb- said the word ` anzac ' is protected by federal legislation since 1920 and is not authorised to be used for commercial purposes - like zoo weekly 's ` special anzac centenary issue ' - without express permission from the minister for veterans ' affairs. scroll down for video. zoo weekly removed images of a
-lrb- cnn -rrb- they used to do the guarding at florida prisons. now they 're the ones behind bars. two florida corrections officers and one former officer trainee have been charged in a plot to kill a former inmate who was getting out of prison , the florida attorney general 's office said thursday. an fbi informant met the men -- thomas jordan driver , 25 ; david elliot moran , 47 ; and charles thomas newcomb , 42 -- after infiltrating a branch of the kkk : the traditional american knights of the ku klux klan , cnn affiliate wjxt reported. driver told the informant that he had gotten into a fight with the inmate and that he and moran wanted him `` six feet
a canadian man found a novel way to take in the sights while travelling across country , by taking an rocking chair with him. kalman kallai enjoyed the spectacular canadian scenery from the comfort of a green chair while journeying from borden , ontario to comox , british columbia for work purposes. calculating that the drive would take him across a colossal 2,796 miles -lrb- 4500km -rrb- of land , mr kallai believed that his journey would be more interesting if he used it as an opportunity to see more of his country. the traveller sits before corn , a café , boats
melbourne radio broadcaster john burns has been revealed as the media personality alleged to have vilified richmond 's bachar houli. burns , who hosts 3aw morning show ross and john with ross stevenson , is alleged to have referred to houli as a ` terrorist ' at a club function at the mcg on friday night during the tigers ' match against melbourne. the radio station confirmed a complaint has been made against mr burns and said he does n't recall making the comment , and is ` mortified ' by the allegation. 3aw host john burns -lrb- pictured -rrb- has been named as the media personality who allegedly called bachar houli a ` terrorist ' john burns said a friend sitting with him at the
abu dhabi , united arab emirates -lrb- cnn -rrb- lost luggage after a long flight is a common , frustrating occurrence of modern air travel. and sometimes , airlines lose things that are irreplaceable. american jennifer stewart says she was devastated to learn that etihad airways lost her most important baggage following a recent trip from abu dhabi to new york city : her 2-year-old pet cat , felix. stewart said that she and her husband , joseph naaman , booked felix on their etihad airways flight from the united arab emirates to new york 's john f. kennedy international airport on april 1. shortly after the plane arrived in new york that evening , felix went missing somewhere on the
british officers were forced to accept the four-day inspection from the experts from moscow despite heightened tensions with vladimir putin. russian military inspectors have arrived at a huge nato war games exercise off the coast of scotland , it emerged yesterday. british officers were forced to accept the four-day inspection from the experts from moscow under a european arms control treaty despite heightened tensions with vladimir putin. they are attending exercise joint warrior , designed to send a signal to the president in the face of continuing aggression. britain and 11 other nato countries are set to contribute to the naval exercise , which
sending dozens of messages or playing games for hours can cause your phone to overheat , which can drain battery and even damage the device. now an israeli team of developers has built a ` thermal protection ' case that not only warns you when your phone is getting too hot , it will automatically cool it down. called amited , the case uses micro-fans to blow heat away from the device , or can heat a phone using resistance coils if it gets too cold. scroll down for video. the optimal case -lrb- pictured -rrb- was designed by israel-based amited. sensors in the case monitor the phone 's temperature and if it gets too
disbelief. that 's what you feel when you meet a rhino in the wild. you just ca n't come to terms with the fact that you and he are sharing the same air , the same continent , the same century. i 've had close-up experience with three of the world 's five surviving species of rhino : the white rhino looks like the main battle tank of an extra-terrestrial army , while the black is more like a hot-rod armoured car. the greater one-horned rhino , meanwhile , sometimes called the indian rhino , looks as if it 's been riveted
leicester city midfielder esteban cambiasso knows what it feels like to claim football 's biggest prizes but says saving the premier league strugglers from relegation would be one of the highlights of his career. cambiasso , a former argentina international , claimed five serie a titles at previous club inter milan where he also won the champions league in 2010. ` for me , it 's like another cup , ' he told the bbc on thursday. leicester city midfielder esteban cambiasso -lrb- left -rrb- says beating relegation would be like winning a trophy. he joined leicester last summer on a free transfer and signed a one-year deal at the king power stadium. ` when you start another season you have an objective , and
a student who was left with an unsightly cauliflower ear following a botched piercing says she wishes she had listened to her mother who told her not to get it done. remmie , 18 , had a thick bar put through her ear as an act of teenage rebellion , and initially hoped it would make her stand out from the crowd. but when the piercing became inflamed , remmie was forced to remove the bar - and the resulting wound healed into a hazelnut-sized lump known as a keloid scar. scroll down for video. unsightly : remmie was left with
a video has emerged that shows the horrifying moment two french backpackers attempted to torch a native australian quokka. the disturbing footage sees thibaud jean leon vallet , 24 , and his cousin jean mickael batrikian , 18 , use a deodorant can and a lighter to set the marsupial alight in rottnest island on april 3. the men told fairfax media outside court on saturday , ` you think we 're monsters ? we did n't hurt the quokka. we have pets at home. ' scroll down for video. video has emerged showing the horrific moment two french tourists set alight an australian quokka. using a deodorant can and lighter , the men torch the defenseless creature which quickly scampers
the mighty boot of marcelo bosch kept the english flag flying in europe as the argentinian kicked saracens through to the champions cup semi-finals with a famous last-minute penalty. no chorus of boos or whistles would stop the sweet strike rising above the 1950s tower blocks in the colombes suburbs , with the ice cool 31-year-old mobbed by players and coaches as racing metro 92 were unceremoniously dumped out of the competition. it was the south american 's finest moment since he arrived on continental shores. referee nigel owens was escorted off the pitch by security but his call -- penalising replacement lock fabrice metz with 10 seconds left on the clock -- was the
this is the incredible moment a car being driven by an isis suicide bomber detonates mid-air seconds after it is blasted skywards by an explosion on the ground. video shows the jihadi attempting to launch an attack on kurdish peshmerga forces , reportedly near kirkuk in northern iraq. but as the car approaches , it hits what appears to be a roadside bomb , catapulting the vehicle at least 100ft into the air. just as it begins to fall back down to earth , the car detonates like a firework , either due to the explosives on board or the fuel tank igniting. what 's left of the car is then seen dropping back down
nick clegg today revealed he struggled with maths at school , as he prepares to launch his election manifesto which will promise to balance the nation 's books ` fairly '. the lib dem leader told a group of children he was better at languages and art when he was at school. he will use tomorrow 's manifesto launch to promise a ` stronger economy and a fairer society ' , and accuse the tories of wanting to embark on an unnecessarily deep cuts. lib dem leader nick clegg today revealed he struggled with maths at school , as he prepares to launch his election manifesto which will promise to balance the nation 's books ` fairly ' mr clegg has promised to ` spread the burden
-lrb- cnn -rrb- the arrest and death of freddie gray in baltimore has sparked protests and accusations of police brutality. but it 's unclear how gray , who was arrested on a weapons charge april 12 , suffered a severe spinal cord injury that led to his death seven days later. here are the big questions surrounding this controversial case :. what we know : gray was arrested on a weapons charge in a high-crime area of baltimore known for drugs. he `` gave up without the use of force , '' baltimore deputy police commissioner jerry rodriguez said last week. an officer apparently took his taser out and was prepared to use it on
jordan henderson is seeking a new contract worth # 100,000 per week before committing his long-term future to liverpool. the club 's vice-captain wants to stay at anfield but he is approaching the final year of his # 60,000-per-week contract and is yet to sign an extension. talks over a new deal are well underway and henderson has already rejected a five-year deal worth # 80,000 per week. jordan henderson is seeking a new # 100,000-a-week contract before committing his future to liverpool. the liverpool vice-captain scored from the penalty spot during the 4-1 defeat by arsenal on saturday. but there remains a strong willingness from both parties to reach an agreement sooner rather than later. and sportsmail understands an improved offer
young professional footballers can be an easy target with some of their behaviour but on thursday afternoon it was refreshing to sit down and talk with danny welbeck. he struck me as a thoroughly decent young man who lives his life the right way. he is a credit to his family and his easy-going manner means he must a dream to work with. we discussed life at arsenal , scoring against manchester united and his fa cup dreams. you can watch the full interview on football focus on bbc one today at 12.10 pm and reading 's semi-final with arsenal live on bbc one from 5.05 pm. danny welbeck talks to sportsmail 's martin keown ahead of arsenal 's fa
skyfaring. by mark vanhoenacker. -lrb- chatto & windus # 16.99 -rrb-. our fascination with aeroplanes , and the men who fly them -lrb- it is still overwhelmingly men -rrb- , has acquired a morbid flavour since germanwings flight 9525 was deliberately crashed into the french alps by its troubled co-pilot andreas lubitz. the tragedy ignited an ongoing debate about stress and depression among pilots , and airline vetting procedures , in which just about all of us have a vested interest. this makes mark vanhoenacker 's book , unwittingly , very timely indeed. when he was writing it he had never heard of lubitz , of course , but nor does he dwell on the horrors of
the codpieces used in the hit bbc drama wolf hall were too small and should have been double the size , according to an expert. this is one of a number of inaccuracy spotted in the big budget adaptation of hilary mantel 's books and was said to have been done so as not to offend and baffle the shows american audience. victoria miller , who has researched the codpiece for her phd , said those used in the show would have been far too modest for henry viii 's court. damien lewis , pictured left , with a small and modest codpiece , and a renaissance portrait , right , with a much more noticeable and
they say a moment on the lips , a lifetime on the hips. and now we reveal the true cost of indulging this easter. just one crème egg will take 19 minutes of skipping to burn off , and contains almost seven teaspoons of sugar. that 's more than half of the 50g of sugar the world health organisation -lrb- who -rrb- recommends per day. and a kit kat chunky easter egg - and the chocolate bar that comes with it - will take three 45 minute cycle classes to work off. the egg contains an incredible 24 teaspoons of sugar at 95.5 g , almost double
an undercover police officer who was captured on video ranting at an uber driver is assigned to the joint terrorism task force , it has emerged. the new york police department 's internal affairs bureau is investigating the incident after the footage was posted online involving detective patrick cherry. one of the passengers in the car captured the exchange after the incident in west village. scroll down for video. detective patrick cherry , pictured in the blue shirt , launched his tirade after the uber driver hooted at him. the driver , named only as humayun , pictured , tried to repeatedly apologise to detective cherry. the officer has been named by the
this picture shows the dramatic moment a ` hero ' police officer smashed a car window to save a baby trapped in the vehicle on one of the hottest days of the year. the boy 's mother frantically tried to open the door when the keys to her range rover were locked inside and the eight-month-old boy was stuck in the car alone as temperatures hit almost 23c yesterday. she grew increasingly distressed as the car became hotter - with no fresh air inside the vehicle - and called police for help. the incident occurred when temperatures peaked at 22.8 c at st james 's park in london - making
breakthrough. breakthrough by jack andraka with matthew lysiak. by jack andraka with matthew lysiak. -lrb- scribe books , # 12.99 -rrb-. jack andraka is just 18 , yet his newly-published memoir carries a blurb from barack obama. ` spectacular stuff ... ' enthuses the president. jack 's short life has been packed with incident , but there was little in his background to suggest that he would become a teenage celebrity. he was born in 1997 and grew up in suburban maryland with his elder brother , luke , and parents , jane , a nurse , and steve , a civil engineer. the andrakas encouraged their boys to
this is the moment a 102-year-old woman who used to dance with the likes of frank sinatra and gene kelly got to see herself shimmy and shake on film for the first time. alice barker snapped her fingers and sang along as videos of her routines as a chorus line dancer during the 1930s harlem renaissance played on the screen. barker had danced at legendary clubs like the apollo , cotton club and zanzibar club , and had appeared in movies commercials and television shows. this is the moment 102-year-old alice barker , who used to dance with the likes of frank sinatra and gene kelly , got to see herself shimmy and shake on film for
comedian dom joly proved he still had work to do on his diving despite training from tom daley , after making a real splash in the round-the-world volvo ocean race in brazil. the 47-year-old was invited to join other international celebrity guests onboard boats in the six-strong fleet for the start of the sixth leg , from itajaí to newport , rhode island , u.s.. as the fleet headed out of harbour , the guests all jumped off the vessels. joly , who is also a travel writer , shone with a flying leap off race leaders abu dhabi ocean racing 's boat , skippered by his compatriot , ian walker. dom joly soars like a bird as he leaps from the yacht in brazilian waters. but the action turns more into a jump than a dive as
the chief secretary to the treasury has been caught on camera knocking back drinks with a high-class call girl. but sadly for scandalmongers , the chance encounter between danny alexander and brooke magnanti -- better known by her former alias belle de jour -- was innocent. the two were snapped at bar one in inverness on friday as part of the nip festival , which celebrates the gins and whiskies of the highlands. chief secretary to the treasury danny alexander pictured drinking with call girl brooke magnanti. mr alexander was snapped with ms magnati - also known as belle de jour - at the nip festival. it comes as david cameron
-lrb- cnn -rrb- authorities in south carolina have released dash cam video in connection with the fatal shooting of walter scott , but the footage does not show the actual shooting. video from the patrol car of north charleston 's michael slager shows an initial traffic stop and early interactions between the officer and scott. slager approaches scott 's vehicle. the two men speak. scott tells the officer he does not have insurance and is in the process of purchasing the vehicle. slager then returns to his patrol car. scott exits his vehicle , briefly , and slager tells him to stay in the car. scott then gets out of the
the ecb are not living up to their promise of fresh transparency under a new regime by keeping secret the job description for the director of england cricket. the confidential details were sent by email to potential candidates for the post , front-runners for which are former england captains andrew strauss , michael vaughan and alec stewart. but the work parameters will not appear on the ecb website or that of headhunters sports recruitment international , as would be the normal procedure. ecb chairman colin graves has released very few details of the new director of cricket role for england. former england captain andrew strauss -lrb- pictured here in 2011 -rrb- is among the front-runners for the job. it is understood the ecb , who
marseille , france -lrb- cnn -rrb- initial tests on the flight data recorder recovered from downed germanwings flight 9525 show that co-pilot andreas lubitz purposely used the controls to speed up the plane 's descent , according to the french air accident investigation agency , the bea. the flight data recorder , or `` black box , '' was found thursday by recovery teams that have spent days since the march 24 crash scouring the mountainside in the french alps where the plane went down. a statement from the bea on friday said its teams had immediately begun to investigate its contents. `` the initial readout shows that the pilot present in the cockpit used the autopilot to put the -lrb- airplane -rrb- into a descent towards an altitude of 100 -lrb- feet -rrb- then , on several occasions during the descent , the pilot modified the
asian-american rock band the. slants , who say they chose their name as a way to reclaim a term. usually considered a racial slur , can not trademark the name. because it is disparaging , a u.s. appeals court ruled on monday. the decision by the u.s. court of appeals for the federal. circuit rejected the band 's argument that the government 's. refusal to grant a trademark violated its free speech rights. the ruling could have implications for the high-profile. fight over whether the national football league 's washington. redskins should lose its trademarks. the slants , who say they chose their name as a
-lrb- cnn -rrb- emergency operators get lots of crazy calls , but few start like this. caller : `` hello , i 'm trapped in this plane and i called my job , but i 'm in this plane. '' operator : `` you 're where ? '' caller : `` i 'm inside a plane and i feel like it 's up moving in the air. flight 448 can you please tell somebody -lrb- to -rrb- stop it. '' the frantic 911 call came just as the alaska airlines flight had taken off from seattle-tacoma international airport on monday afternoon. the caller was a ramp agent who fell asleep in the plane 's cargo hold. the cell phone call soon broke up , but the man was making himself
more than 140 children have been removed from their classes at schools in washington because they could not prove they have had the required vaccinations. health experts in the us have warned the country is in danger of being gripped by a measles pandemic because a growing number of people are not getting vaccinated against the virus and are being exposed to the rest of the population. the virus has swept several states in america and california and officials have warned there could be a danger of reversing the eradication of measles 15 years ago. they are also keen to prevent a return to the outbreak of 1989 when more than 100 people died. scroll down for video. more than 100 pupils have been kicked out of their classes because they did not have completed vaccination forms
hailed as one of the most imaginative minds in history , dr seuss created magical worlds with playful rhymes and kooky illustrations. but it seems his words have come to life somewhere in the depths of alaska. this towering structure 130 miles from anchorage was once a two-story home , built after a forest fire swept the valley clean of trees. dr seuss fans flock to alaska to visit this 12-cabin-high structure that looks like one of his illustrations. teetering : the owner wanted to be able to see the idyllic valley over the tall trees around their cabin. in need of renovation : it
fashion fans who follow many of the top bloggers on instagram experienced an extreme case of déjà vu over the weekend after the same dress was modeled by no less than 50 fashionistas. the highly usual situation was no coincidence , but rather a clever marketing ploy dreamed up by retailer lord & taylor to promote its edgy new fashion-forward range. in order to ensure maximum exposure for their new design lab collection , the company partnered with 50 of the most influential fashion bloggers and got each to post a photo of them wearing the same dress. scroll down for video. fashion fans who follow many
two men have died after being crushed by timber that fell on top of them inside a shipping container. authorities were called to an industrial site in wetherill park , west of sydney , shortly after 11am on thursday where they worked to release three men. police found the three men inside a shipping container on a property on victoria street. authorities were called to an industrial site in wetherill park , west of sydney , shortly after 11am on thursday where they worked to release three men. they had been unloading or loading timber when it fell on them. two men died at the scene as a result and the
expensive clothes , fast cars and glittering industry parties : to the average person , the lives of the rich and famous may seem way out of reach. but the growing slew of celebrity gaming apps , from the likes of kim kardashian and lindsay lohan -lrb- and soon , katy perry -rrb- , promise to immerse you in it all , temporarily. femail investigates what it 's like to ` live ' the life of a celebrity for a day. scroll down for video. kim kardashian : hollywood is the app from the reality star , which uses her likeness and voice. users have to build a celebrity empire similar to kim
it turns out it 's the little things that can really make brits ' blood pressure levels soar. running out of phone battery when out and about , lack of parking spaces and losing an important document are all among the most stressful everyday incidents that brits encounter. but it seems we all need our kip , with half saying a sleepless night is the most stressful thing they experience on a daily basis. scroll down for video. in a survey conducted by direct line , adults in the uk cited not being able to sleep as the thing that stressed them out the most. in a survey conducted by direct line , 2,005 adults in the
-lrb- cnn -rrb- no identification , no social security card and only a box to live on. john helinski was homeless and nameless for three years. suddenly , he 's set to buy his own place and collect a nice pension. helinski hit it big thanks to the social security administration , and a big-hearted cop and a case worker determined to untangle major bureaucracy. charles inman could not bear to see his 62-year-old ward land back on the street , he told cnn affiliate wfts. the shelter where the case worker works set helinski up with a bunk and a locker. but getting him into the system was
-lrb- cnn -rrb- a sweat-smothered man in a wide-brimmed hat , knee-high leather boots and a khaki uniform machetes his way through lush jungle foliage. as thick tangles of vine fall beneath his blade , he pushes into a clearing , then suddenly staggers back. the fanged mouth of a primordial stone beast gapes toward him. before him rise the crumbled ruins of an enormous portal of rock , black with age but with a colossal grandeur not yet lost -- a fine example of what archaeologists call a `` zoomorphic portal '' or , more popularly , a `` monster
the president of the mgm grand is making a solemn promise to the hundreds of thousands of party-goers already flocking to las vegas for saturday 's fight of the century. ` they have my guarantee we will not run out of beer this weekend , ' says scott sibella. that is a reference to how ricky hatton 's trans-atlantic army of 30,000 fans drank the strip dry when he fought floyd mayweather eight years ago. with 10 times that number expected to descend on this oasis in the nevada desert -- just so they can say ' i was there '
a fashion photographer suffering from cystic fibrosis -lrb- cf -rrb- is revolutionizing the way people look at the life-threatening disorder by snapping the portraits of 56 adult women living with the genetic disease to bring hope to children and teens diagnosed with the condition , which has no known cure. ian pettigrew , 46 , from ontario , canada , was working on his book of portraits , just breathe : adults with cystic fibrosis , when he realized that he had far more female subjects than male. after someone noted that the collection of photos was ` turning out to be a bunch of hot chicks with cf ' , he became inspired to start his second project , salty girls , starring women with the disorder , which damages the
it 's not just uv rays that suncreams now protect against - some new products claim to stop the damage from infra-red a rays , too. meanwhile others say they protect the skin from the inside. but are any of these high-tech suncreams worth buying ? here , dr bav shergill , a consultant dermatologist at queen victoria hospital in east grinstead , offers his verdict. and we rate them ... a new generation of suncreams promise to protect against the damage from infra-red a rays and others say they protect the skin from the inside. here , consultant dermatologist bav shergill gives his verdict. dr skin
the couple that models designer clothes together stays together -- or at least that 's what one new york-based duo hope , having just inked a deal as the first openly gay couple with fusion models. john tuite , 22 , and carlos santolalla , 25 , go by the brangelina-like portmanteau jarlos , and have already earned a following in the modeling world and on new york city 's party scene. but while the male model it couple have starred in a campaign together for dkny and posed for big brands like edun and dsquared2 , they say it has n't always been easy for them to work in the industry and
the baltimore police department has used secret cellphone surveillance equipment 4,300 times since 2007 - amid claims it is ordered to withhold such evidence from prosecutors , a court heard. a detective from the department said officers used a device called hailstorm , which can identify phones from a 360-degree antenna from about a city block away. police use it to trace stolen phones or to find people. the details , revealed in court , resemble the original plot of hbo 's hit series the wire , the crime drama based in the same city , which featured electronic surveillance of drug dealers. baltimore police used
mark one up for the future of golf over its past and present as 21-year-old jordan spieth took the first-day honours with a stunning opening round of 64 on a spectacular day of scoring at the sun-baked 79th masters. for much of the day it looked as if he might have to share top billing with 34-year-old justin rose and 45-year-old ernie els , as the englishman and the south african posted scores of 67 to tie charley hoffman , an american representative of the rank and file. last man out jason day would join them in the evening shadows. but by then spieth had separated himself from the field to become the youngest first-round leader in masters history with a fabulous run of six birdies in seven holes before adding a wonderful flourish
elephants are often seeing travelling single file , using their trunk to hold onto another mammal 's tail in front of them. but one young elephant decided to go it alone , when it walked alongside its herd and even broke their chain. captured at whipsnade zoo , the video shows keepers assisting six elephants along a path -- five of which walk in single file. the baby elephant can be seen walking alongside its herd , which travel in a single file line. as the first three elephants move from the shot , the fourth -- a smaller elephant -- is flanked by a baby. it stops to dawdle as it reaches the grass and
it was a fishing trip with a very big catch -- namely the # 9 homemade rowing boat in which the two anglers ventured out on to the open sea. built with discarded scraps from house conversions including loft insulation board and polystyrene , it was glued together with silicone sealant. amazingly , the 6ft vessel held together long enough for the men to set up their rods and haul in some fish. but they were scuppered when an oar snapped 200 yards off jaywick , essex , and they had to call 999. the bungling fishermen who had to be rescued from their diy boat , who have
conor mcgregor insists featherweight champion jose aldo does n't want the title as much as he does. aldo makes the eighth defence of his belt against mcgregor in las vegas on july 11. and the irishman said : ` he does n't want to be near me , he does n't want this the way i want it. ` he
-lrb- cnn -rrb- debates on climate change can break down fairly fast. there are those who believe that mankind 's activities are changing the planet 's climate , and those who do n't. but a new way to talk about climate change is emerging , which shifts focus from impersonal discussions about greenhouse gas emissions and power plants to a very personal one : your health. it 's easy to brush aside debates involving major international corporations , but who would n't stop to think -- and perhaps do something -- about their own health , or the health of their children ? this new way of talking about climate change -- and linking it to public health issues -- was part of a roundtable discussion tuesday
a pensioner has been fitted with a magnetic nose after his own had to be removed when he was diagnosed with a rare cancer. richard curry , from loveclough in lancashire , was told he had malignant melanoma in his septum , the thin strip which separates the nostrils. he was warned that he would have to have his nose removed to stop the cancer from spreading but could be fitted with a prosthetic. pensioner richard curry , who wears a prosthetic nose attached to his face using magnets , after his own had to be removed when he was diagnosed with cancer. but in order to make sure that the new nose stayed in
an adaptor that allows colour blind people to enjoy tv without a loss of detail is seeking funding on kickstarter. called eye2tv , it adjusts colours in the image so that shows look ` normal ' , even if features colours such as red and green that would otherwise not be visible. and the subtle effect is such that someone with normal vision will barely notice any change in the picture , so people can easily watch tv together. scroll down for video. norwich scientists have developed an adaptor for colour blindness. eye2tv can be plugged into any hdmi port on a tv or
a film-mad woman got her picture perfect proposal when her fiancé proposed to her on the big screen of a cinema. fabio lovato , 30 , created a short video that played following the cinema trailers for fast and furious 7 showcasing pictures from where they met in australia. the one minute and 30 second video ended with a picture of the couple and the words , ` laura i have a questions for you '. scroll down for video. fabio lavato proposed to his girlfriend laura knight in their local cineworld in gloucester. fabio then got down on one knee in the cineworld in gloucester and popped the question to his shocked girlfriend
a man has been charged with stabbing his girlfriend in the backside with a pitchfork. antonio nuñez , 59 , was said to be arguing with the woman , who has not been named , at his home in san antonio , texas , on monday. it escalated , and at 4.15 am nuñez allegedly grabbed the gardening tool and drove it into the woman 's behind. attack : antonio nunez allegedly stabbed his girlfriend in the backside with a pitchfork during an argument. according to police , the woman pepper sprayed nuñez in the eyes and ran across the street to a
kabul , afghanistan -lrb- cnn -rrb- a suicide bomber detonated his explosives near a group of protesters in eastern afghanistan on thursday , killing 17 people and wounding dozens more , police said. an afghan lawmaker taking part in the protests in the city of khost was among the 64 people wounded , said faizullah ghairat , the provincial police chief. taliban spokesman zabiullah mujahid denied his group was responsible for the attack. no other organization has so far claimed responsibility. humayoon humayoon , an afghan member of parliament for khost province , and the other protesters were on their way to join a larger rally against the provincial governor
what if someone took your greatest insecurities and body image fears , and voiced them out loud ? known for its empowering campaigns and championing of real women , dove has taken a more brutal approach in its latest advertisement. showing the harsh criticism that women regularly heap upon themselves , dove decided to see what would happen when somebody else said those things , to their faces. scroll down for video. for the new one beautiful thought ad campaign , dove asked a group of women to write down every thought they had about themselves. the women filled in a notebook each , and handed it back to dove. unbeknownst to the women , those negative remarks and self-body shaming were turned into a
keith curle tells the kind of stories about management that might explain why retiring players are stampeding towards the pundits ' couch. except that is not his intention. quite the opposite , in fact. the carlisle manager loves a job that over the years has seen him break and rebuild a toilet , man a hose and pay salaries from his own pocket. ` it 's the life i want for myself , ' he said. ` it gets me out of bed. ' but there is no escaping the fact that curle is in a shrinking minority , being one of only four managers in the country
a texas university that booked matthew mcconaughey as its may commencement speaker has broken the silence on the texas-born actor 's speaking fee. the university of houston said in a statement tuesday that it was paying mcconaughey speaking fees totaling $ 135,000 plus travel expenses , as well as a $ 20,250 commission to the celebrity talent international booking agency engaged by the university. meanwhile , the statement says mcconaughey is donating his fees to his jk livin foundation , which the actor started to provide tools to help high school students lead active lives and make healthy choices for the future. got $ 135,000 : a texas university
faithless ' dance anthem ` insomnia ' booms out seconds before games at fulham , and it 's rather apt for kit symons. his sleepless nights must be becoming all the more frequent as these haunting weeks go by. down rained the boos yet again from a disgruntled bunch of supporters who deserve so much more than this ; far more than a team lacking identity and direction. those fans will quite rightly point to the fact their side were out-played for large parts against rotherham , a club with a far inferior budget and experience at this level. they are losing faith in their manager , even though fulham
veteran referee kenny bayless has been named as the third man in the ring when floyd mayweather and manny pacuiao meet in the match being billed as the biggest and richest in boxing history. bayless will need little introduction to either fighter , having previously worked five of mayweather 's bouts and seven of pacquiao 's. in fact , he oversaw the former 's professional debut against roberto apodaca in 1996. the 64-year-old is widely considered to be one of the best referees in the world and will pocket $ 25,000 for the night 's work on may 2 while judges dave moretti , glenn feldman and burt clements will each receive $ 20,000. not everyone is praising the appointment though , and oscar de la hoya , one of mayweather 's past opponents in a match overseen by bayless , has suggested that
shamed newsman brian williams 's lied in his reporting to make himself look good at least 11 times , an internal investigation has reportedly found. the total , cited in media reports about the secretive investigation , would mean the trail of deceit from the fallen face of nbc 's nightly news goes far deeper than previously reported. investigative journalists at the network have been poring over williams 's past reports and statements after he was booted from the top job in tv news , hunting down signs of dishonesty. lies on lies : williams , pictured above during his last nightly news broadcast before being suspended , embellished at least 11 different reports , an internal investigation has reportedly found. iraq shame : williams
irina shayk 's latest job involves posing in a swimsuit and shades while being filmed writhing around a pool with a hunky male model. tough gig. the russian supermodel , 29 , split from her partner of five years , footballer christiano ronaldo , in january , saying she felt ` ugly standing next to the wrong man '. but she looks anything but in the steamy new video and campaign for linda farrow eyewear. scroll down for video. linda farrow eyewear 's spring summer 15 campaign shows irina get close to jarrod scott. the video follows the couple cavorting around an la pool in the sunshine , wearing the latest ss15 styles. the behind-the-scenes film shows stunning
david templeton has delivered a damning critique of the training-ground methods deployed at rangers by ally mccoist and kenny mcdowall. the ibrox winger claimed stuart mccall had brought a brand of coaching and tactical preparation he felt was lacking under the previous management. templeton praised the impact the former motherwell boss has made since his arrival on a short-term deal last month , with back-to-back wins having revived confidence ahead of saturday 's home meeting with championship title-winners hearts. rangers winger david templeton is full of praise for the impact of new boss stuart mccall. templeton says that mccall 's training ground methods are superior to the previous management 's. ` for me , it 's a coaching thing
when fiorentina 's season ends next month , micah richards wo n't be jetting off on his summer holidays. for the moment , summer is cancelled for the defender - at least until he knows where he 'll be playing next season. his contract at manchester city expires at the end of the season , when he becomes a free agent. the next few months will be vital in determining whether richards can resurrect his once burgeoning career. micah richards has found playing time hard to come by during his loan move to italian side fiorentina. richards joined the serie a
a grandfather who could n't afford his own cruiser has come up with an innovative solution - putting his caravan on a boat and taking it out on the water. peter thurston , 80 , takes his vessel , dubbed the ` catamavan ' , out on the river swale in kent regularly and enjoys the views of the countryside. he says his small yachts were too cramped for leisure cruising , and he could n't buy a bigger vessel , so two years ago he built the caravan boat to take his mind off his recent divorce. bizarre : this ` catamavan ' , a cross between a boat and a caravan , has been spotted on the river swale in kent.
campaigners against the new protein world ` are you beach body ready ? ' adverts are celebrating today after learning that they are being taken down. transport for london -lrb- tfl -rrb- has revealed that the controversial posters around the london underground , featuring a bikini-clad model called renee somerfield are being removed. the sight of the 24-year-old 's toned figure towering above train platforms has caused a stir among feminists and body image campaigners - a change.org petition calling for the adverts to be pulled has already attracted more than 50,000 signatures. one of the many protein world posters on the london underground that have been defaced. several of the images have also been defaced by bloggers , angry at the perceived
-lrb- cnn -rrb- it all started by looking up. during an expedition through the brittany region on the west coast of france , photographer fabien le coq noticed an unusual tree. he positioned himself at the base of the tree and turned his camera upward , filling the frame with the trunk and its spindly branches. `` i 'm kind of a walking photographer , '' le coq said. `` i love exploring new places. one day i was taking a break during an excursion in the broceliande forest , looking for the best place to settle , when i discovered a small clearing with a tree without leaves. i stayed for hours looking around
ahead of this weekend 's premier league action , sportsmail will be providing you with all you need to know about every fixture , with team news , provisional squads , betting odds and opta stats. here is all the information you need for manchester united 's home clash with manchester city ... manchester united vs manchester city -lrb- old trafford -rrb-. team news. manchester united. manchester united have chris smalling back in contention after illness but luke shaw will not feature after a hamstring injury and fellow defender jonny evans is banned. striker robin van persie will not be risked after ankle trouble , while midfielder andreas pereira is on brazil under
the shepherd 's life : a tale of the lake district. by james rebanks. -lrb- allen lane # 16.99 -rrb-. when , in 2002 , my family and i moved from busy north london to bucolic north herefordshire , we found that our new neighbours were , overwhelmingly , sheep. i did n't want to be one of those townies who moves to the country but remains ignorant of rural ways , so i made sporadic efforts to get to know them , or at least , to get to understand life on a sheep farm. when my children were small , i asked the obliging farmer whose land abuts our garden if they could watch his ewes lambing. and i still often tell him that i 'd like to spend some time alongside him , to see how
-lrb- cnn -rrb- the new emojis are here ! on thursday , apple released a new version of its mobile operating system that includes more diversity than ever when it comes to the race , ethnicity and sexual orientation of its emojis -- those cute little images that users can insert into text messages or emails when words alone just wo n't cut it. the reaction to this new lineup is , as should be expected with almost anything new in today 's hypersensitive climate , a range of cheers and jeers. why is any of this important , you may ask ? for many , these images are far more than tiny clip art for texting.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- just about now , north korea 's enigmatic ruler was expected to be preparing to emerge from his fortified country for a visit to moscow to join celebrations next week marking the 70th anniversary of the end of world war ii in europe. the trip was highly anticipated. after all , this was to have been kim 's first official international trip since he came to power in 2011 following his father 's death , and it would have provided a fascinating opportunity for the world to get a closer look at a young leader and a regime
-lrb- cnn -rrb- robert bates says he gets it , how you might wonder how a cop could confuse a pistol for a stun gun. bates -- the tulsa county , oklahoma , reserve sheriff 's deputy accused of manslaughter in the death of a fleeing suspect -- told nbc 's `` today '' show friday that he used to think that , too. `` believe me , '' he told the show in his first appearance since being charged in the april 2 death of eric harris , `` it can happen to anyone. '' harris died after bates shot him -- accidentally , he says
the age-old ghost town of balestrino was captured in all its spooky wonder by a drone. circling the picturesque landscape , the camera picked out the castle on the hill and surrounding depreciated buildings. the ancient tuscan settlement , based 40 miles south east of genoa , is shrouded in mystery with its origin and much of its history remaining unknown. scroll down for video. little is known about the origin or history of the ancient tuscan town that dates back to the 11th century a.d. residents were forced to flee their homes in the town more than 60 years ago , with seismic instability noted as a main reason for the mass abandonment. a number of historical earthquakes , including one
a star college athlete and a classmate from alabama 's troy university have been suspended after authorities discovered a cellphone video that allegedly shows them sexually assaulting a woman at a beach while a large crowd of spring-break revelers watches. bay county sheriff frank mckeithen described the graphic video as the ` most disgusting , sickening thing ' he had ever seen likened the scene to ` wild animals preying on a carcass laying in the woods '. he says the footage shows several men surrounding an incapacitated woman on a beach chair. delonte martistee , 22 , of bainbridge , georgia , and ryan calhoun , 23 , of mobile , alabama , were charged
at last , after months of grey skies and miserable weather , the sun is out. if you are looking to celebrate the wonderfully balmy weather by taking a dip , there are a few places you could try. lidos , which are seeing a resurgence as more money is ploughed into renovation and redecoration , are a good first port of call. picking the right one - that is n't too over-crowded or too run down - is crucial. in response to extra demand , many pools are extending their opening hours in line with the weather or organising late night swimming slots for busy workers. scroll down for video. if you are
he 's all three emergency services rolled into one. andrew hichens has become the first person to be trained and equipped as a so-called first responder to all types of 999 call. mr hichens , 28 , will be working with one pc and two police community service officers in hayle in western cornwall where the emergency services have been brought together under one roof. jack of all trades : andrew hichens is trained to respond to crimes , fires and medical emergencies. new role : father-of-two mr hichens has taken up his unique role in hayle in western cornwall. as ` tri-service safety officer ' , he does
wanted : a police e-fit image of millionaire people trafficker ermias ghermay , who is thought to have made # 72m with his accomplice mered medhanie from smuggling migrants in the last two years. two millionaire people traffickers have been heard mocking the migrant boat disasters that have resulted in thousands of deaths in the mediterranean , it has been reported. one of them , an eritrean called mered medhanie , also known as the general , was heard laughing on a police wiretap about overloading migrant ships , a problem that causes them to capsize. medhanie , 34 , who is based in the libyan capital of tripoli , is said to have boasted : ` they say i put too many aboard ,
norfolk , virginia -lrb- cnn -rrb- the second mate of the houston express probably could n't believe what he was seeing. hundreds of miles from land there was a small boat nearby. at first it looked abandoned. it was in bad shape , listing to one side. the crew of the 1,000-foot long container ship thought it was a yacht that had wrecked. incredibly , as they got closer , they saw there was a man on it , signaling for help. `` he was moving , walking around , waving to us and in surprisingly good condition , '' capt. thomas grenz
there is a problem with england 's top order and it is not an easy one to solve. do n't get me wrong. england 's top three are exceptional players but the issue is that they are very one-paced and when the west indies bowling was so disciplined , that became a problem on the first morning of the first test. it is ok batting the way england did if they had got through to lunch on 60 without loss , but they will be exposed against better teams than west indies , like australia , if they crash to 34 for three in the first session as they did here. as
-lrb- cnn -rrb- james best , best known for his portrayal of bumbling sheriff rosco p. coltrane on tv 's `` the dukes of hazzard , '' died monday after a brief illness. he was 88. best died in hospice in hickory , north carolina , of complications from pneumonia , said steve latshaw , a longtime friend and hollywood colleague. although he 'd been a busy actor for decades in theater and in hollywood , best did n't become famous until 1979 , when `` the dukes of hazzard 's '' cornpone charms began beaming into millions of american homes almost
it is a remarkable , eye-popping portrait of scotland 's first minister , nicola sturgeon. entitled ` naughty nicola ' , the painting depicts her as a dominatrix in a short red dress , black suspenders on display and whip in hand. but instead of being offended , ms sturgeon is ` tickled ' by the image , so much so it is believed to grace the wall of her suburban glasgow home after she was given it as a birthday gift by her husband , peter murrell. he is the man credited with transforming the nationalist leader from surly apparatchik to national stateswoman -- on the brink of holding the balance of power.
radio host mel greig , who once hit the headlines for her involvement in an infamous royal prank call , has started a personal crusade to help remove the stigma attached with ivf treatment. on wednesday , mel posted a blog post on her website titled ` are we embarrassed of ivf ? ' where she detailed how she was undergoing the treatment , and that it was nothing for women to be ashamed of. in her post , mel wrote : ` in the past few months i joined a new club ... it 's the ivf baby club. ' she also uploaded photographs of injecting
-lrb- cnn -rrb- a trip to a former heavyweight champ 's gaudy , abandoned mansion. the tallest and fastest `` giga-coaster '' in the world. a dramatic interview with a famed spiritual leader -- and the tearful reaction by one of his former students. these are some of the best videos of the week :. in the 1980s and '90s -- before he moved to vegas and started keeping tigers as pets -- former heavyweight boxer mike tyson lived in a southington , ohio , mansion. the home featured an indoor swimming pool , a marble-and-gold jacuzzi -lrb- with mirrored ceiling , naturally -rrb- and an entertainment room large enough for small concerts.
long , multi-stop air journeys need n't be a bore. instead of attempting to sleep curled up in an uncomfortable chair under strobe lighting , long-haul travellers have never had more choice when it comes to making the most of a layover. from sun salutations in san francisco to drinking at a swim-up bar in a hot spring in iceland , airports are offering ever more diverse activities , and can be the gate-way to some of the world 's most incredible attractions. here , mail online travel reveals the best - and most bizarre things you can do with a couple of spare hours at
simon wood , 38 , from oldham won masterchef last friday. wannabe chefs with their eye on a career as the next gordon ramsay or jamie oliver should take note - it does n't have to cost a fortune. the new winner of masterchef simon wood , who won the title last friday , has n't been on a single cookery course or even had one lesson. everything the 38 year old knows about cooking is self-taught - learnt form reading recipe books or watching television shows. he told mailonline : ` it 's all self-taught. there 's no more to
nestled between a 65ft high snow cavern , the winding track of murodo looks like track that could be on mario kart. however this steep-walled phenomena is located in japan and attracts visits from thousands of tourists annually - with the number predicted to rise this year. the tateyama kurobe alpine route opened to the public on today and allows tourists to view the spectacular snow-walled passageway along the 1000ft section. walled wonder ! the tateyama kurobe alpine route opened for visitors today , with tourists marvelling at the 65ft high walls. the murodo-daira area of tateyama unsurprisingly experiences one of the heaviest snowfalls in the world , with the 65ft walls being created every year , and then melting by july. the impressive route opened in 1971
-lrb- cnn -rrb- misao okawa , the world 's oldest person according to guinness world records , has died at the age of 117. okawa passed away wednesday morning in osaka , japan , tadahi uchimura , a local official from the city told cnn. she left behind three children , four grandchildren and six great grandchildren. okawa was born on march 5 , 1898. her family ran a kimono shop in osaka , satoshi yoshioka , an employee at the nursing home where she had lived since 1997 told cnn. `` she was a person with mild character , and loved to eat so much. her favorite food
dui : rand paul 's eldest son william paul , 22 , was cited for a dui on sunday in lexington , kentucky but not arrested. a son of republican presidential candidate rand paul was pulled over on suspicion of driving under the influence on sunday. however william hilton paul , 22 , was not arrested. paul was driving a 2006 honda ridgeline at 11.24 am when he crashed into the back of an unoccupied parked car , in lexington , kentucky , according to police. some people nearby heard the crash and alerted authorities. witnesses said paul was ` revving his engine
frankie dettori made it six winners in four days as well as three flying dismounts with a treble at newbury on saturday centred around a neck success on charlie hills-trained greenham stakes winner muhaarar. spring has sprung this week and dettori has been bouncing higher than tigger. in this sort of form , those who suggested his best days were well behind him will have to eat their words. frankie dettori leaps from his mount after riding muhaarar to win the aon greenham stakes at newbury. dettori rides mr singh to win the al basti equiworld maiden stakes at newbury racecourse. thursday 's announcement that dettori 's boss sheik joaan al thani had signed up gregory benoist to ride the french-based horses
according to a woman who is apparently against the preachings of andrew caldwell , the st. louis man got his just desserts. the 21-year-old became somewhat infamous late last year for video of him screaming ' i do n't like mens no more - i like women , women , women ! ' after a pastor at an evangelical megachurch claimed to have cured his homosexuality. caldwell hit headlines in november after the footage surfaced of him being ` delivered ' by god. but he says he was attacked by an employee at a froyo in delmar on wednesday after the cashier recognized him. he ended up completely doused in his own dessert at the counter. ' i filled -lrb- the bowl -rrb-
it was a cunning plot to steal more than # 1.5 million in gold bullion and jewellery. using a flat-pack wooden cabinet as a ` trojan horse ' , one of the thieves was to hide inside. the gang then planned to put real money in a briefcase and show it to a jeweller at a pre-arranged meeting , before placing it on the floor. then , while a price was being agreed at a nearby table , the man in the cabinet would switch the case for one containing counterfeit notes. the gang -- posing as wealthy italians -- would then walk off with their money and the stolen jewellery. scroll
a mutilated fox : hardly the most glamorous prop ashley james has ever posed with , but in this case , that is precisely the point. the former made in chelsea star has joined forces with animal rights crusaders peta on a hard-hitting anti-fur campaign directed at harvey nichols after the national department store abandoned its ten-year anti-fur policy. ` harvey nichols : here 's the rest of your fur coat , ' the slogan reads , alongside an image of the 26-year-old animal lover , who is brandishing what appears to be a skinned fox - a fake one we 've
one penalty , a quiz answer-in-waiting and an extraordinary precedent that might just linger. that was the surreal upshot of one of the shortest international matches in history on thursday night , when 22 women from england and norway 's under 19 sides got together for a couple of minutes of football. leah williamson stood up , a player for arsenal ladies but virtually anonymous in wider conversations about football. not anymore. leah williamson -lrb- centre -rrb- stepped up again to take the penalty during the 18-second rematch against norway. williamson went the same way as her successful spot-kick last saturday and found
it has a reputation for being one of the sexiest brand 's in the world and has helped launched the careers of miranda kerr , rosie huntington-whiteley and alessandra ambrosio. so , when a woman is granted victoria 's secret angel wings , she 's deemed something special and the future begins to look pretty bright. the lingerie giant this week added ten new angels to its coveted roster and one lucky brit made the cut. so who is stella maxwell and how did she make the transition from diplomat 's daughter to one of the world 's sexiest women ? scroll
three reportedly inexperienced abalone divers died after jumping into rough seas off the coast of northern california on sunday. the men were part of a group of five divers from the east coast and san francisco. ten friends , including the dead men , had rented a house on caspar cove 160 miles north of san francisco to hunt for abalone , a rare and expensive mollusk that is prized as a delicacy. the santa rosa press democrat reports that the accident in mendocino county is the deadliest single incident involving abalone divers in recent memory. witnesses said at least some of the men appeared to be inexperienced abalone divers who chose rough , choppy waters near
they are the images that capture the faces and dramatic landscapes one photographer encountered during a 1000-day journey around the world. award-winning photographer uruma takezawa has made a living discovering and documenting communities in the most remote areas around the globe. for his latest book , the japanese adventurer spent 1,021 days on the road , to capture amazing images on an odyssey that took him to 103 countries on four continents. during his several year-long journey , takezawa found inspiration in those who live off the land in harmony with the natural world and the results are a spectacular set of dramatic images , which currenlty form part of an exhibition at new york 's foto-care
apple made significant improvements to the battery life of its iphone 6 and 6 plus , but they still fail to last more than a full day with typical usage. to address these issues , the tech giant is recruiting for battery and power software experts. at least nine job listings have been spotted on the firm 's official recruitment site as the company looks to boost the battery across its range of mobiles and laptops. fan site appleinsider has spotted nine job listings on apple 's official recruitment site in the past month that relate to batteries. these include one
a 13-year-old boy allegedly stole a $ 25,000 stack of cash from his own grandfather and handed out wads of notes to his school friends. the unnamed child from medina , ohio , gave out $ 100 notes in the classroom before going to a friend 's house after school , where he also showered adults with cash , police said. the group of friends then reportedly went on a shopping spree after the mass giveaway , which began last wednesday at the town 's claggett middle school. payday : the unnamed 13-year-old showered classmates with $ 100 notes at claggett middle school in medina , ohio. medina police told the akron beacon
hollywood star robert downey jnr stormed out of a tv interview when asked about his history of drug abuse and time in prison. the actor was furious when the line of questioning suddenly got personal in a recorded chat with channel 4 in london to promote his new film avengers : age of ultron. he had been on good form when the exchange started - in which , as arranged , he would discuss his experiences on the new blockbuster which premiered in britain on tuesday. but he could be seen getting visibly uncomfortable when interviewer krishnan guru-murthy began asking about his long-conquered personal demons. scroll down for video. calling time : during an interview
spring is the ideal time to fill your home with gorgeous flowers. however , your beautiful bouquet might look stunning to begin with , but it will soon fade in just a few days , a week at the most. but that does n't have to be the case , as there are simple tricks you can use to prolong the life of your blooms. scroll down for video. with simple and sensible tricks recommended by a professional florist , you can make your flowers last. while there are plenty of diy ` solutions ' - vodka , aspirin and pennies - to keep a bouquet fresh , most of these things can actually
surgeons are calling for the rules on laser eye surgery to be strengthened after an apparent rise in patients receiving substandard care. a private hospital in harley street says that increasing numbers of people are seeking its help after being given bad advice or poor treatment elsewhere. and it says it is now time for the industry to be ` taken to task '. a leading private eye hospital is calling for tighter regulations on laser eye surgery after noting a rise in the number of people who have been given inaccurate information or poor care. up to 120,000 britons have laser eye surgery each year to correct long and short-sightedness , and almost one in 20 of them suffer some sort of complication.most
-lrb- cnn -rrb- you probably never knew her name , but you were familiar with her work. betty whitehead willis , the designer of the iconic `` welcome to fabulous las vegas '' sign , died over the weekend. she was 91. willis played a major role in creating some of the most memorable neon work in the city. the neon museum also credits her with designing the signs for moulin rouge hotel and
atlanta -lrb- cnn -rrb- a judge , declaring he was n't `` comfortable '' with seven-year prison terms given earlier to three educators in the atlanta public schools cheating scandal , on thursday reduced their sentences to three years in prison. `` i 'm not comfortable with it , '' fulton county superior court judge jerry baxter said of the sentences he handed down to the three defendants april 14. `` when a judge goes home and he keeps thinking over and over that something 's wrong , something is usually wrong. '' tamara cotman , sharon davis-williams and michael pitts
the florida mailman who caused a major security scare when he landed his gyro-copter on the us capitol lawn on wednesday afternoon was just seconds from being shot out of the sky. house homeland security panel chairman michael mccaul revealed that capitol authorities had doug hughes , 61 , in their sights and were prepared to open fire. ` had it gotten any closer to the speaker 's balcony they have long guns to take it down , but it did n't. it landed right in front , ' mccaul said about the flight which was undetected until authorities actually saw the craft approach. however , hughes claims he informed the secret service and capitol
it looks like an ordinary forest , with moss climbing up the walls and brown leaves covering the floor. but if you look closely , you will see that this picture is not all it seems. for the peaceful scene actually features a carefully painted female model. the amazing illusion is the work of german body-painting artist joerg duesterwald , who spent hours painting his model so she would blend in with her surroundings. the stunning set of pictures was taken in a forest in langenfeld , germany , yesterday. mr duesterwald has been painting for more than 20 years. his shoots are complex and
nico rosberg is too polite to say what precisely he finds irritating about the team-mate with whom he is locked in the battle of his career. sitting in an air-conditioned room away from the dry heat of the bahrain paddock , he goes so far as to say this of lewis hamilton : ` i know exactly how he is functioning. i understand him really , really well. all his attitudes. i can tell why he is doing whatever he is doing. sometimes he annoys me. some character traits. ' go on , then , tell us what it is that gets under your skin. lewis hamilton
i 've been out injured for a whole year now , but i 'm finally on the verge of a return to regular training. it 'll be such a relief after such a long time out. i 'm actually in my last week of rehab at the moment , then i 'll transfer to normal training and introduce more cycling into my routine. the year has been so mentally and physically tough , but now i can finally look forward. sportsmail 's road to rio cyclist becky james is desperate to get back on to the track after her recent injuries. james , pictured during a fashion shoot in manchester , has been sidelined for a whole year. british cyclist james supported boyfriend george north during
she may have been showcasing some serious hipster style on the streets of new york in recent weeks , but princess eugenie proves she can dress to impress too. the 25-year-old royal , who has been living in the us for a year now , looked glamorous as she arrived at the for the love of cinema dinner in new york city on thursday during the tribeca film festival. the cousin of princes william and harry looked serene in a chic white dress with gold embellishment. princess eugenie looked glamorous at the for the love of cinema dinner in new york city on thursday during the tribeca film festival. wearing her hair in its signature
scientists believe the first complex conversation between humans took place around 50,000 to 100,000 years ago. much of it , they say , involved cavemen grunting , or hunter-gatherers mumbling and pointing , before learning to speak in a detailed way. but in a new study , one linguist argues that human language developed rapidly with people quickly using complex sentences that sound like our own. scientists believe the first complex conversation between humans gradually took place around 50,000 to 100,000 years ago. much of it , they believe , still involved cavemen grunting , or hunter-gatherers mumbling and pointing , before learning to speak in a detailed way. ` the hierarchical complexity found in present-day language is
-lrb- cnn -rrb- we might never truly comprehend what drove co-pilot andreas lubitz to crash germanwings flight 9525 into the french alps on march 24 , killing everyone on board. the latest report shows that he sped up the descent of the plane to its doom. it 's terrifying. as the investigation unfolds , we will learn more about to what extent lubitz kept his mental illness secret , or how much help he sought. how much did his battle with depression affect his fitness to fly ? should he have walked away from his job ? should his doctors have sounded alarm bells ? his case raises larger and important issues about people who are burdened with mental illness and the pressure
reigning man of steel daryl clark will be aiming to sink his home-town club when castleford visit struggling warrington as part of a full first utility super league programme on easter monday. the england hooker left the tigers at the end of last season and , despite the switch , he has kept a close eye on events at his old club. ` it was the only team i played for coming through as a youngster so it 'll feel a bit different being on the other side , ' said clark , who is expected to recover from a busted nose sustained in thursday 's defeat at widnes to maintain his ever-present record for the wolves. ' i still look
it 's not something parking wardens are usually accused of ... but some have been criticised for being too nice. an inspection in two welsh towns found officers there were reluctant to issue tickets , letting many locals get away with parking offences. and their lax approach meant that parking in the evenings and at weekends had become a ` free for all '. inspectors in welshpool and llandrindod wells have been accused of being too lax when it comes to giving out parking tickets for infringements -lrb- file picture -rrb-. the investigation was carried out by officials from powys county council , who could not understand why the council was
gwyneth paltrow has vowed to live on just $ 29 worth of food for a week , after agreeing to take on a charity challenge aimed at raising awareness and funds for new york 's food banks. the 42-year-old mother-of-two , who founded popular lifestyle wesbite goop , posted a picture of her $ 29 grocery shop on her twitter account yesterday afternoon , showcasing a range of healthy options , including a variety of fresh vegetables , some brown rice and some black beans. ` this is what $ 29 gets you at the grocery store - what families on snap -lrb- i.e. food stamps -rrb- have to live on for a week , '
jerusalem is a city that conjures up a sense of the holy , the historical and heavenly. the biblical city has been a magnet for pilgrims devoted to several of the world 's faiths and religions , notably jews , christians and muslims. millions flock to the ancient , religious city every year. but for a small percentage , their excitement induced by their close proximity to holy landmarks invokes a rare condition known as jerusalem syndrome. first identified in 2000 , psychologists noted religious pilgrims overcome with excitement at being in close proximity to the city 's holy places believed they were biblical
a bmw driver with five children on board was today arrested after a talented student was knocked down and killed as she walked to to the library. hina shamim , 21 , died close to the university of kingston in london last night , just weeks before her 22nd birthday. friends today left flowers at the scene and said miss shamim , who had the nickname hyena and was originally from peterborough , was ` much-loved and the most charming lovely girl in the world '. hina shamim was killed after she was knocked down as she walked a short distance from home to the library. the bmw -lrb- left -rrb- was severely damaged in the
when it comes to playing tricks on people , especially parents it 's important to know when to stop. however , this did not appear to cross the mind of teenager lily sharp , who lives in the uk , when she decided to prank her own mother. rather than put a whoopie cushion on her chair or balance flower on top of a door , lily decided to amuse herself by faking her own kidnapping - any parents worse fear. as mean-spirited as the joke appeared , lily certainly took the steps in order to make the prank as convincing as possible. scroll down
the long island mother and daughter found safe and well in new york city 's upper west side neighbourhood after going missing last month say they had no idea that people were looking for them. iona costello , 51 , and daughter emily , 14 , were recognized by the front desk manager of the hotel they were staying at on sunday , it was reported. they were found at 3am by nypd officers and are in good health , officials said. scroll down for video. iona costello , 51 , and daughter emily were visiting manhattan when they disappeared. they have now been found safe and
she 's one of the most glamorous royals on the planet and last night was no exception for spain 's queen letizia of spain. resplendent in a backless sequinned dress , the 42-year-old 's slender frame was clearly visible and a sharply defined set of muscles on show. the royal. who was making an appearance at the woman awards held at madrid casino , also used the occasion to début a sharp new bob haircut. scroll down for video. defined : spain 's queen letizia showed off a noticeably defined back during an appearance in madrid. backless : her low cut cocktail dress showed off every bone and muscle in her back. short cut : the 42-year-old mother-of-two also unveiled a glamorous new bob
a breakthrough has been made in the development of clean hydrogen power , scientists claim. at the moment , while hydrogen fuel is appealing , the production of hydrogen is incredible difficult - requiring huge amounts of energy. but the researchers say they have made a new material that can generate hydrogen from water , meaning it is less reliant on fossil fuels. hydrogen-fuel is appealing for use in cars like the vauxhall zafira minivan pictured , but producing hydrogen requires huge amounts of energy. with the new breakthrough , it could be possible to make it more easily. researchers at the university of bath and yale university created the invention. it uses a newly designed molecular
as attempts to break a world record go , it was pretty impressive. a chinese team took a kite measuring an astonishing 6,000 metres -lrb- 3.7 miles -rrb- to a kite flying festival - aiming to break the world record by a massive 1,000 metres. but they had overlooked the fact that their kite was so big , it posed a danger to passing aircraft. the kite , dubbed ` centipede with a dragon 's head ' , was set to fly at the wulong international kite festival last saturday in chongqing in south-western china , according to people 's daily online. scroll
tony pulis believes joey barton ` probably had a point ' when claiming west bromwich albion 's players 's *** themselves ' during defeat to queens park rangers earlier this season. in december west brom were two goals up but lost to a charlie austin hat-trick , leading to barton 's scathing judgement and plunging alan irvine to the brink of the sack. barton said then : ` west brom went 2-0 up and i turned to dunney -lrb- richard dunne -rrb- and said , ` they 've scored too early. ' they do n't know how to get over the finishing line. ' tony pulis has admitted that joey barton
a farmer from eastern china has found himself the talk of the country after one of his goats gave birth to a kid with six legs. the 20-day-old ` spider goat ' - as it has been -lrb- inaccurately -rrb- nicknamed by chinese web users - was born with four forelegs and two hind legs. xiao qibin , owner of the farm , said the baby goat is growing quickly and healthily with ` an extraordinary appetite ' , the people 's daily online reports. rare : this six-legged kid has become a star animal in china since it was born 20 days ago. mr xiao started
with the misty orange haze and barren surroundings , you 'd be forgiven for thinking these ` out-of-this-world ' images came from another planet. in fact , they show what happened when a huge sandstorm caused chaos in dubai. high winds blowing sand across the united arab emirates have caused mayhem for people trying to travel and work in the country. scroll down for video. dubai 's large skyscrapers and tower blocks can barely be made out because of the sandstorm , which has seen visibility drops to less than 500 meters , while walkers have donned masks to protect their lungs. high winds have meant travel chaos on the roads and skies for people in dubai , as flights bound for the
a teenager from illinois is tackling her disability head-on and attempting to positively influence thousands of others by dancing. dayna dobias , 19 , from downers grove was born with cerebral palsy , but she hopes to inspire others with her enthusiastic videos. ` i 've gotten bullied because of it and i get people all the time , staring and so it 's definitely made things difficult in my life , ' dayna told daily mail online. scroll down for video. challenging : dayna dobias , 18 , is hoping change the way people with disabilities are represented by the television , film and the fashion industry. her hope is
gran canaria -- just off the coast of africa , yet still in europe -- is one of the most popular winter holiday retreats for britons. gareth huw davies visits the volcanic outpost in the atlantic , said by one scientist to enjoy the best climate in the world , and draws up his list of things to see and do ... golden opportunity : the glorious dunes at maspalomas , and , above right , santa ana cathedral in las palmas. 1 ... style revolution. is a design revolution brewing in the canary islands ? the apollo hotel , built at the dawn of the tourism boom in the resort of playa del ingles , has been entirely revamped as the swish , sumptuous , adults-only
jamie carragher believes brendan rodgers is still the right man to lead liverpool forward after a season with no trophies and a likely finish outside the top four. rodgers ' future at anfield has been questioned after a third straight season without a trophy , but the former liverpool defender backed the reds manager. speaking after collecting a beacon award for his community work on merseyside on tuesday , carragher said : ' i do n't think your whole future should be determined by one game. jamie carragher shared this image on instagram after collecting a beacon award on tuesday. ` it was difficult with the players that came in and i still do
police have revealed that they believe missing toddler william tyrell may be alive , despite fears that he was abducted by a paedophile ring operating on the mid-north coast of nsw. just a day after william 's parents made an impassioned plea for the three-year-old to be returned to them , police have described the ` fast-paced ' investigation into the new line of inquiry. ` the two worlds collided. we have information that could link william 's disappearance to a group of people suspected of paedophile activity , ' said lead investigator detective inspector gary jubelin. scroll down for video. the parents of missing william tyrrell , who police now say may have been kidnapped by a paedophile ring , have revealed the moment they
ahead of this weekend 's premier league action , sportsmail will be providing you with all you need to know about every fixture , with team news , provisional squads , betting odds and opta stats. here is all the information you need for everton 's home clash with southampton ... everton vs southampton -lrb- goodison park -rrb-. team news. everton. everton striker romelu lukaku will have a late fitness test on a hamstring problem ahead of the visit of southampton on saturday. the belgium international withdrew from the national squad because of the injury and needs to be assessed. everton 's romelu lukaku will be given a late fitness test for the home clash
-lrb- cnn -rrb- you know the phrase `` dodging a bullet '' ? forget about it. probably not going to happen anymore. the u.s. military said this week it has made great progress in its effort to develop a self-steering bullet. in february , the `` smart bullets '' -- .50 - caliber projectiles equipped with optical sensors -- passed their most successful round of live-fire tests to date , according to the defense advanced research projects agency , or darpa. in the tests , an experienced marksman `` repeatedly hit moving and evading targets , '' a darpa statement said. `` additionally , '' the statement said , `` a novice shooter using the system for the
boris johnson admitted last night he hopes to be considered to lead the conservative party after david cameron. the london mayor , pressed on his leadership ambitions by sky news anchor kay burley , insisted the position would not become vacant for five years. but in his most candid remarks to date , he finally conceded : ` it would be a wonderful thing to be thought to be in a position to be considered for such an honour. ' scroll down for video. ambitious : boris johnson admitted last night he hopes to be considered to lead the conservative party after david cameron. above , the london mayor , left , joined the prime minister
london -lrb- cnn -rrb- british police investigating a spectacular heist in the heart of london 's jewelry district said friday they knew a burglar alarm went off but did n't respond. southern monitoring alarm company called the metropolitan police service , also known as scotland yard , at 12:21 a.m. april 3 to report that the burglar alarm had been activated at hatton garden safe deposit ltd. , mps said in a prepared statement. `` the call was recorded and transferred to the police 's cad -lrb- computer-aided dispatch -rrb- system , '' the statement said. `` a grade was applied to the
louis van gaal blamed himself for manchester united finishing the game with 10 men , using all his substitutes before michael carrick came off as a precaution with a tight calf. the united boss said : ` it was of course an error from me that i give too much minutes to my substitutes. it is not so wise. ` some players did n't know that we were playing with 10 men because the crowd were yelling and it was difficult to get the message to them. ' manchester united manager louis van gaal -lrb- right -rrb- celebrates victory with ander herrera at full-time. an injured michael carrick walks along the touchline after coming off as a precaution with a tight calf. aguero 's
harlequins director of rugby conor o'shea believes it is only a matter of time before marland yarde is restored to the england fold. yarde excelled in saturday 's roller-coaster aviva premiership victory over gloucester , scoring the crucial try in the 70th minute at the stoop. the 22-year-old wing won the last of his seven caps as a replacement last autumn , but was overlooked by england throughout the rbs 6 nations. harlequins winger charlie walker crosses for his side 's first try at the stoop. ` we 've had a difficult year , but anyone who has watched him will
a mother who drove six children , including two of her own , to a residence just outside new orleans so they could fight another group of juveniles , resulting in one child being shot , has been arrested. police say 35-year-old lakenya hall , of kenner , drove the children to a fight just after 5pm wednesday after a previous fight at a bus stop. it was at that second location that a 14-year-old was shot in the upper thigh. he was treated at an area hospital and later released. lakenya hall -lrb- above -rrb- of kenner , lousiana was arrested after driving six children
an eight-year-old girl , who lost her leg in a terrible accident last year , has given her first solo dance performance since she became an amputee eleven months ago - earning a standing ovation for her moving routine. alissa sizemore , from vernal , utah , was only seven-years-old when a truck ran over her foot and immediately severed it. although the dancer , who has been taking lessons since she was four-years-old , had to have her right leg amputated below the knee , she was determined to get back in the dance studio as soon as possible. ' i just did n't want to give up , ' alissa told people. ` dancing has been my favorite thing since i was four. i do n't have
plagued by a feeling something was n't right , student yamini karanam sought medical help. she was struggling to understand things she had read , and felt lost in conversations. but the indiana university phd student could never have comprehended the source of the problem - an ` evil twin sister growing ' in her brain. surgeons operating to extract what they believed to be a tumour in her brain , were shocked to discover the growth was in fact an embryonic twin , complete with bone , hair and teeth. yamini karanam , 26 , a student at indiana university , was diagnosed with a pineal tumour in her brain after noticing
she 's won the london marathon three times but this weekend paula radcliffe says she 'll be happy to finish at all regardless of her position. the 41-year-old mother-of-two has battled back from injury to take part in the 26.2 mile race in the capital and a result wo n't be running with the other female elites but with the masses. she said this week : ` i 'm going in unfit and unprepared for a marathon , but i 'm hoping my body can remember once it gets out there how it 's supposed to do it. ' scroll down for
on sunday night , at the stade velodrome , it 's the dockers against the dauphins. the stevedores against the stéphanes. marseille vs paris saint-germain -- the hard-nosed , port-city , blue-collar roustabouts against the rich , privileged , capital-city-slickers. or at least , that 's the way many want it portrayed. the way many in marseille have always viewed it -- and always will. the home side are ligue 1 top scorers , two points behind the visitors who are leaders and have won seven of france 's last eight classique matches. paris saint-germain forward zlatan ibrahimovic controls the ball during their training
the mother of the man slain by aaron hernandez is moving forward with a civil lawsuit against him and her lawyer said the former new england patriots player will be called to testify at the trial. ursula ward , the mother of odin lloyd , wants to look hernandez in the eye when he testifies during the wrongful death suit. according to attorney doug sheff. hernandez , who did not testify at his criminal trial and had a $ 40million contract , was convicted april 15 of first-degree murder for killing lloyd on june 17 , 2013. scroll down for video. suing her son 's murderer : ursula ward , the mother of odin lloyd , at a press conference on wednesday about the
a video taken from the point of view of a train driver captures a ride on the highest railway in europe , the jungfrau. the time lapse footage speeds along the 9km long electrified track , which leads from kleine scheidegg to jungraujoch and stands at an elevation of 2061m and 3454m respectively. opening in a tunnel built into a swiss mountain , the train careers towards the light and out onto the snowy slopes to race alongside the many skiers. turning a corner , the train moves at a slow and steady pace -- the track barely visible from under the snow. two people quickly cross the track
a property tycoon has admitted damaging the historic mansion house which inspired one of britain 's best-loved hymns by giving it a gaudy makeover. kim davies bought the elizabethan manor in rural wales where cecil frances alexander wrote the lyrics to all things bright and beautiful. but he then made dozens of illegal alterations , including installing a whirlpool bath with shiny mosaic tiles , crystal chandeliers and spotlights in the ceiling. alterations : kim davies has admitted illegally altering llanwenarth house by installing chandeliers and other gaudy modern touches. bedroom : the master suite at llanwenarth house , which is where cecil frances alexander wrote all things bright
a drunk teenage boy had to be rescued by security after jumping into a lions ' enclosure at a zoo in western india. rahul kumar , 17 , clambered over the enclosure fence at the kamla nehru zoological park in ahmedabad , and began running towards the animals , shouting he would ` kill them '. mr kumar explained afterwards that he was drunk and ` thought i 'd stand a good chance ' against the predators. next level drunk : intoxicated rahul kumar , 17 , climbed into the lions ' enclosure at a zoo in ahmedabad and began running towards the animals shouting ` today i kill a lion ! '
-lrb- cnn -rrb- in this holy week , let us be reminded of what the word of god says about fair and living wages. isaiah 58.6 tells us :. this is the kind of fast day i 'm after :. to break the chains of injustice ,. get rid of exploitation in the workplace ,. free the oppressed ,. cancel debts. the mcdonald 's announcement that the company is going to raise wages for 90,000 of its employees is a significant victory for fast-food cooks and cashiers and those of us who support them. by standing up together , fast-food workers are making it less acceptable for profitable companies like mcdonald 's to pay wages so low that its workers are boxed into poverty. but this action ,
it is one of the most prestigious honors bestowed upon journalists and people in the arts. and today , the pulitzer prize for journalism went to the post and courier newspaper of charleston , south carolina - which has a tiny staff of just 80 and a daily circulation of 85,000. the paper 's powerful photo series entitled 'till death do us part , ' on domestic violence scooped the top award for its exploration into why south carolina is among the deadliest states for women. scroll down for video. winner : this iconic photo by new york times photographer daniel berehulak , was part of a winning series , and shows james dorbor , 8 , suspected of being infected with
a man who passed out at a friend 's party woke up with more than a hangover when he discovered a guest had tattooed his back. while josh darnbrough , 24 , slept , his mate rob gaskell , also 24 , inked the words ` if found face down call an ambulance ' on his back , using a diy kit. josh , from mossley , near ashton , only discovered the prank the following day after looking in a mirror - and said his partner went ` absolutely bonkers ' when she saw it. josh darnbrough awoke after a party to find that his friend had tattooed his back. josh -lrb- centre
a brazilian model who shot to fame after winning the miss bumbum contest in 2014 has sparked outrage by posting a snap of her naked body painted with an image of the virgin mary to her instagram account , along with a special easter prayer. indianara carvalho , 23 - who had hymen surgery last year to ` restore ' her virginity so she could enjoy her first time all over again with ` someone special ' - accompanied the racy photo with the phrase : ` good friday. lord , on this day i ask for peace , love , wisdom and strength. ' the image , just one of a series of
anthony joshua stopped experienced american jason gavern in the third round on saturday night , but still was n't happy with his performance. gavern , in his 50th fight , was dropped twice in the second round and twice more in the third before the contest was waved off in newcastle. but joshua , who was returning from a five-month lay-off after suffering a stress fracture in his back , admitted he was not at his best. anthony joshua lands a left hand on jason gavern on his way to another convincing victory. joshua dropped gavern twice in the second round and twice in the third on his way to victory. ' i had a bit of ring rust so could n't display everything i have been doing
the winter of 2014-15 wo n't be easily forgotten in boston after the endless snow broke countless records and the city had to pay volunteers $ 30 an hour to help dig out the battered city. the shere volume of snow that fell earlier this year , nearly 65 inches fell in february alone , means that huge piles of the white stuff still remain. except the remaining ` snow ' is n't very white any more but rather a disgusting black color riddled with trash including broken pieces of glass , plastic shards and goodness knows what else. scroll down for video. vlad tarasov could n't
as a spring breeze wafted into his trench french commander georges lamour saw something surreal drift his way - a yellow-green cloud. ` all my trenches are choked , ' he cried into the field telephone to headquarters. ' i am falling myself ! ' chlorine gas -- carried by favourable winds over flanders fields from german positions -- had been used for the first time. it was april 22 , 1915. scroll down for video. chlorine gas -- carried by favourable winds over flanders fields from german positions -- sowed terror and agony for the first time on april 22 , 1915. above , german
five baggage handlers have been sacked by saudi arabian airlines after a video showing passengers ' luggage being carelessly tossed onto a conveyor belt caused outrage online. the 90-second clip was filmed by a witness in an indoor area restricted to workers at king khalid international airport in riyadh. it shows two male employees in blue uniforms recklessly hurling large suitcases onto the belt and against a wall as they unload a truck. for nearly two minutes the men are filmed throwing or flinging several suitcases without care. they appear to be unaware they are being filmed by someone standing on an elevated walkway. it is not clear if the person who filmed the
a former lager lout who ballooned to 24 stone has lost nearly half his body weight by giving up his favourite drink. rugby prop dale forrest , 26 , of bolton , would sink up to 12 pints a night , but decided to shed the pounds after seeing a photo of himself while out with his fitness fanatic friends. in december 2013 , the bank teller decided to ditch the booze , give up his favourite fatty readymeals and greasy takeaways and hit the gym. dale forrest would drink up to 12 pints a night - and ballooned to 24 stone - before giving up beer to
the world 's biggest bunny is preparing to see his heavyweight title challenged - by his giant son. darius , who measures over four feet long and weighs in at a whopping three and a half stone , is officially the world 's biggest rabbit. but his title is now being contended by his son jeff , who already measures 3ft 8in - with six months left of growing to do. scroll down for video. new contender : jeff the rabbit , pictured with his owner annette edwards , measures 3ft 8in long and is set to challenge for the title of the world 's biggest
an ohio woman was shocked this month when an officer cited her for leaving her dog in a hot car but , instead of writing a ticket , the cop forced her to sit inside to see how it feels. the strongsville pet owner was inside a walmart as the dog sat in the parking lot. the officer then had the woman sit inside with the windows up and ignition off. and this is n't the first time an animal-loving officer has employed the unorthodox punishment. in the recent ohio incident , the woman was left ` looking uncomfortable ' as she sat in her unventilated nissan sentra , but drove away with just a warning and her tail between her legs. scroll down for video. unorthodox : a cop ordered
the irs ' overloaded phone system hung up on more than eight million taxpayers this filing season as the agency cut millions of dollars from customer services. for those who were n't disconnected , only 40percent actually got through to a person. many of those people had to wait on hold for more than 30 minutes , irs commissioner john koskinen said wednesday. dead line : the irs ' overloaded phone system hung up on more than 8 million taxpayers this filing season as the agency cut millions of dollars from taxpayer services. a new staff report by republicans on the house ways and means committee says the irs diverted millions
the city of naypyidaw is shrouded in secrecy. it first became the capital of myanmar a decade ago , after the government decided to move the capital from yangon -lrb- also known as rangoon -rrb- with minimal explanation. since then , although developed to be the size of 120 manhattans and to have space for up to one million residents , it remains a relative ghost town. scroll down for video. myanmar 's newly-built capital city , naypyidaw , is shrouded in secrecy , after the government decided to move the capital from yangon. built mainly for government staff , locals only come to live in the city , which looks more like no man 's land than a booming
expectant mom ambermarie irving-elkins felt a few contractions on thursday morning but thought she had enough time to run a few last errands before the arrival of her baby. but the little boy , malachi , had other ideas. she was in the stanley mosk courthouse in los angeles to pay a fine on thursday when she suddenly knew he was coming - and there was no way she 'd make it to hospital in time. ' i had that contraction that hit me and brought me to knees , ' the mom-of-three told ktla. scroll down for video. surprise :
-lrb- cnn -rrb- three british citizens arrested in the united arab emirates after they were found plane spotting near fujairah airport are to be released monday , their lawyer , nasser al-hashem , tells cnn. the three have been in jail since february 22. `` we made our defense , and the judge made the decision to drop the case , '' al-hashem said. no charges were filed , there will be no travel ban , and the men will not face deportation , he said. conrad clitheroes , 54 , and gary cooper , 45 , were on a five-day visit to the uae from manchester
london -lrb- cnn -rrb- ever written yourself a note , stuffed it in your pocket and headed out into the world only to discover that , somewhere along your journey , the piece of paper has disappeared ? if you live in the uk , there 's a small chance that note has found its way into the hands of 23-year-old daisy bentley. for the past six years , the london-based artist has scoured the streets of cities and towns looking for those odd bits of paper that flutter to the ground when their owners are n't looking. her quest has uncovered a fascinating , if idiosyncratic , collection of
-lrb- cnn -rrb- a gunman walked into a building on the campus of wayne community college in goldsboro , north carolina , on monday and shot the school 's print shop operator , killing him , authorities said. the school was placed on lockdown , and the gunman remains at large. all buildings have been cleared , maj. tom effler of the wayne county sheriff 's office said. `` this is not a random situation. it is an isolated situation , '' he said. the victim , ron lane , was a longtime employee. the suspected gunman , identified by law enforcement as 20-year-old kenneth morgan stancil iii
-lrb- cnn -rrb- everybody loves a good comeback story -- especially one that 's dino-sized. after its name was booted from science books for more than a century , a new study suggests that the brontosaurus belongs to its own genera , and therefore deserves its own name. o.c. marsh first named the brontosaurus in 1879 , after he received 25 crates of bones discovered at como bluff , wyoming , according to the yale peabody museum of natural history. similar to , though not as large as the apatosaurus discovered a couple of years prior , marsh named the dinosaur , `` brontosaurus , '' or `` thunder lizard. '' apatosaurus had three sacral vertebrae in its hip region and brontosaurus had five ,
former prime minister john howard found himself standing on the side of the road with a flat tyre recently , but luckily his driver was there to change it. mr howard was photographed standing on the footpath outside the sydney conservatorium of music in the heart of the city as his driver got down on his knees to jack up the flash car. felicity waterford was waiting in the car for her daughter to finish a concert at the conservatorium in when she noticed the vehicle and got out to offer some assistance. scroll down for video. former prime minister john howard found himself standing on the side
bitten : austin hatfield , 18 , found the venomous water moccasin , also known as a cottonmouth , near his wimauma home last week -lrb- pictured is hatfield with the snake that is believed to have bit him -rrb-. a florida teen who kept a deadly wild snake in his bedroom as a pet and bragged about how many times he 'd kissed it was bitten on the mouth and rushed to the hospital saturday. austin hatfield , 18 , found the venomous water moccasin , also known as a cottonmouth , near his wimauma home last week. he 'd been keeping the serpent in a pillowcase when it escaped over the weekend. ` we was
when floyd mayweather turned professional in 1996 , his ring nickname was ` pretty boy '. but as he grew more successful and became one of the highest-paid fighters in the world , he swapped that for ` money ' , fitting for a man who has earned more than $ 400 million in his career. mayweather is also not shy about sharing his extravagant purchases with the world via social media. here , sportsmail looks at his vast collection of super cars , private jets and jewellery. scroll down for video. floyd mayweather counts his money , the boxer has earned more than $ 400million
for most of us , the dream of a holiday home is one that will probably never be realised. but for the lucky minority with a few extra million in the bank , its seems the world is quite literally your oyster when looking for property around the world. from a lake garda mansion with a pool overlooking the water to an italian villa that looks like a castle and an antigua retreat with giorgio armani as a neighbour , these are some of the most spectacular holiday homes on the market at the moment. on the lombardy side of lake garda , this lionard property is a luxurious villa with one serious waterfront view. lake garda. on the lombardy side of
a science lecturer determined to teach people about different brain regions has shaved her head during an educational video. the clip shows nancy kanwisher , a professor at the massachusetts institute of technology , chopping at her shoulder-length bob with scissors just a few seconds into a lecture. a graduate student then uses an electronic razor to shave the rest off , with piles of hair left on a bench in front of a projector. the short video was posted on the scientist 's brain talks website , which is designed to teach people about the different methods of studying the brain. ms kanwisher , 56 , said :
pretty spot : queen victoria spent her holidays in osborne house on the isle of wight. ` it is impossible to imagine a prettier spot , ' queen victoria said of her holiday residence , osborne house on the isle of wight. it was at the beach there that she would take to the sea in her wooden bathing machine , and that all of her children learned to swim. but , however pleasing her days at osborne house , victoria 's journeys there were never easy. she would travel to portsmouth by train and then by ferry to ryde. from ryde there was a railway line that passed not far from osborne house but the nearest station
-lrb- cnn -rrb- a mammoth wave of snow darkens the sky over everest base camp. appearing like a white mushroom cloud roaring over the climbers , they scurry as their tents flap like feathers in the wind. then panic hits. `` whoa ! whoa ! '' screams and expletives are heard. the few people in the video scatter and dive into a tent as the deluge of snow falls over them. cursing and breathing heavily , they wait until the pounding is over. after a while , they scream to each other , `` are you all right ? '' `` are you ok ? '' the camera jostles back and forth
angus hawley 's brother has spoken of his shock after his brother , the ex-husband of antonia kidman , died of a suspected heart attack , age 46 , in new york on saturday. speaking to daily mail australia on monday , david hawley said : ` it 's a real shock , he was one of the fittest men i 've ever met -- he 's swimming everyday. ' responding to a question about whether angus had a history of heart problems , david answered : ` no , no , not that we know of ' , adding : ` he 's so fit , i do
he was , as one ecb board member put it , just too accident-prone for a role that has seen him flounder in the face of the bitter fallout from an ashes whitewash. paul downton was brave enough to make huge decisions in his first 14 months as england 's managing director but the jury is still out on all of them at a time as the clamour for change has grown louder. it was downton who made the big call to sack kevin pietersen and reappoint peter moores as england coach. paul downton has left his role as managing director of england and wales cricket board. the move came a day ahead of an ecb board meeting that was meant to
badou jack outpointed anthony dirrell on friday night at the uic pavilion to take the wbc super-middleweight title , setting up a fight with mandatory challenger george groves. jack -lrb- 19-1-1 -rrb- received winning of 116-112 and 115-113 , and the third had it even at 114-114. jack , the las vegas-based swede who fights under the banner of floyd mayweather jr. 's promotion company , connected with a big one-two combination in the ninth round and forced the fight inside on a tiring dirrell -lrb- 27-1-1 -rrb-. badou jack -lrb- left -rrb- connects with anthony dirrell during the wbc world super-middleweight title
channel ten show the project has apologised after mistakenly using footage of the wrong african-american comic when promoting upcoming guest on the show , saturday night live star michael che. ` tomorrow , we 'll chat to the star of the daily show and saturday night live , michael che , ' the promo promised -- although , in a cringeworthy gaffe , two of the three clips shown were of che 's castmate , jay pharoah. che and pharoah are both in australia to perform a string of shows at melbourne 's international comedy festival. waleed aly apologised for the embarrassing mistake , admitting ` we stuffed up ' later on during the program
-lrb- cnn -rrb- people magazine has anointed sandra bullock the world 's most beautiful woman of 2015 , the publication revealed on wednesday. bullock , 50 , joins a long line of actresses to receive the honor , including last year 's cover girl , lupita nyong ` o , and gwyneth paltrow in 2013. she seems to be taking it all in stride , calling the whole thing `` ridiculous. '' `` real beauty is quiet. especially in this town , it 's just so hard not to say , ` oh , i need to look like that , ' '' she told people. `` no , be a good person ; be a good mom ; do a good job
he 's used to picking up running backs but will soon be picking up fares as miami dolphins defensive tackle aj francis takes up a second job as an uber taxi driver. the 6ft 5in , 330lb nfl player is a regular user of the taxi app and yesterday told fans that he had sent them a job application , explaining ` it would be a cool way to get some extra cash '. the pro footballer also took to twitter to explain the decision , stating : ` people ask me why would you want to be an uber driver if you play in the nfl ... you know what 's better than nfl money ? more money.
floyd mayweather v manny pacquiao will be the biggest fight of all time financially and the most significant this century. evaluating the greatest ever fights is a complex variable of several factors including not only the quality and excitement of the action but the political , social and cultural undertones , the scale of expectation and outside influences. where money man v pacman comes to rank among the most important fights in ring history will depend upon what happens that coming night in the mgm grand garden arena. in this , the sixth in a series of 12 fights that shaped boxing history , i recall when a hard man could take no more ... the no mas fight. new orleans , louisiana. november 25 , 1980. sugar ray leonard v roberto duran. the first two of the three fights between the sugar man and
a jealous woman in a love triangle allegedly kidnapped her lover 's other girlfriend and her two-year-old son last week - sparking an amber alert and a statewide manhunt across washington for the child last week. alyssa marie chang , 56 , was furious with the mother of little ronnie tran because she thought that the woman had been circulating doctored photos of their mutual lover in ` compromising sexual positions , ' police say. on april 14 , she showed up at the home of her love rival outside seattle with a taser. she told the rival and take her son ronnie and come with her , according to the seattle post-intelligencer.
who can resist boden 's bright knits and floral prints ? i most certainly ca n't writes clare goldwin. well , not when it comes to my seven-year-old , ella , anyway. for years , i 've happily forked out on pricey but irresistibly cute items for her from mini boden. but when it comes to buying clothes from boden for myself , i 've always steered clear. their traditional and instantly recognisable staples of cotton shifts and ` mumsy ' jersey dresses , not to mention ` jaunty ' prints in eye-catching colours , have always been a big no-no for
a jobless alcoholic has boasted of fathering 40 children who have cost the taxpayer more than # 4million in benefits and care costs. shameless mike holpin -- who at 56 says he wants more children -- claims he had them by 20 women and admits he would not recognise many of his offspring in the street. now engaged again , the three-times married man keeps track of their names with an ever-growing family tree tattooed on his back. ' i wo n't stop ' : father of 40 mike holpin , left and right with his fiancée diane , says he
the girlfriend of a google engineer who died in the deadly avalanche on mount everest described him as a magical person whose purpose in life was to constantly challenge himself. ashley arenson said boyfriend dan fredinburg , 33 , had a way of making people around him feel special and urged them to accomplish everything they wanted. the arkansas-native is one of four americans confirmed to have died when an earthquake hit nepal on saturday , causing a tsunami of snow and ice to engulf the base camp. ashley arenson -lrb- left -rrb- said boyfriend dan fredinburg , 33 , had a way of making people around him
a little girl who slipped through metal bars and became trapped by the neck was saved by the heroic efforts of her neighbours. na chu had just returned from a trip to the zoo when her grandmother accidentally locked her in the house by herself in the xiangtan , south china. the five-year-old panicked and ran to the window but fell between the protective metal slats of the residential property , the people 's daily online reports. scroll down for video. long drop : the child dangles from the residential block in the xiangtan district , south china. propped up : a
` guys can tell if a girl is taking collagen or not. ' that 's the bizarre tagline for a new brand of japanese beer that claims to make women beautiful. the new collagen-laced brew , created by japanese liquor company suntory , boasts a five per cent alcohol content level and claims to have two grams of collagen per can. scroll down for video. a new collagen-laced brew , created by japanese liquor company suntory , boasts a five per cent alcohol content level and claims to have two grams of collagen per can. collagen is a type of protein found in skin that
ousamn jatta , 45 , -lrb- right -rrb- took wife beryl , 88 , -lrb- centre -rrb- to a care home while he went to africa for three weeks but when he returned was not allowed to take her home with him. an african husband who took his elderly british wife to a care home for respite while he went to gambia is threatening to go on hunger strike after she was not allowed to return to him. ousman jatta , 45 , married wife beryl , 88 , in gambia 13 years ago and moved back to the uk with her when she became ill with dementia in 2006. mr jatta , who is his wife 's carer
they are the peculiar concrete markings that have been spotted all across america , prompting hikers and travellers to wonder what on earth they could mean and where they are pointing to. but these giant arrows , which can measure up to 70ft in length , are actually a forgotten remnant of a bygone age. dotted among scrubland , placed in seemingly random spots , these huge arrows were once markers for early airmail flights across the us - forming the first land-based navigation system in the world. a huge concrete arrow is found in perfect condition in bloomington , washington county , utah. the bloomnigton arrow was one of 102 found by retired couple brian and charlotte smith , who have travelled across the us to photograph the
she 's just days away from giving birth but , as ever , the duchess of cambridge refused to let her style icon status slip during her second pregnancy. rather than swaddling her growing bump under baggy dresses , the 33-year-old dressed to impress every time she stepped out. but while mulberry coats and alexander mcqueen gowns did creep in , much of kate 's pregnancy wardrobe came from the high street. scroll down for video. favourites : hobbs , seraphine and asos have all been worn repeatedly during the pregancy. from a # 35 asos polka-dot dress to seraphine shifts , the duchess
lewis hamilton has barely put a foot wrong during the last year with mercedes on the track , but the reigning formula one world champion did admit to doing so off it in rather embarrassing circumstances. the 30-year-old 's success has enabled him to meet stars in other sports as well as showbiz celebrities and key political figures. and it appears the british racer literally left his mark on one of the latter while attending nelson mandela 's 90th birthday party seven years ago. lewis hamilton told the clare balding show how he once stepped on former president bill clinton 's foot. hamilton -lrb- centre -rrb- said the incident occurred at nelson mandela 's 90th birthday party
two hours before the miami open semifinal , novak djokovic practiced his returns in an empty stadium , the ball coming at him quickly because his hitting partner stood three feet inside the baseline to emulate big-serving john isner. the drill helped. djokovic achieved a breakthrough service break against isner and won friday night , 7-6 -lrb- 3 -rrb- , 6-2. ` he 's probably the best server we have in the game , ' djokovic said. ` but i managed to get a lot of serves back. that was one of the keys in the match , making him play and getting into the rally and making him work extra. '
dr habeeb latheef is accused of sexually assaulting three women patients during consultations. a married doctor sexually assaulted three female patients while pretending to carry out medical tests , a court heard yesterday. habeeb latheef , 48 , told them he needed to place objects in their hands to gauge their level of feeling. instead the family gp allegedly unzipped his trousers and placed his penis in their grip. the patients had booked appointments with the indian-born doctor to deal with back pain and pins and needles. latheef is said to have told the women to turn away from him with their hands behind their backs. he put items in their
jimmy anderson is unique. from the moment he emerged as a raw youngster in the england team you could see that. england have always produced swing bowlers but not one with anderson 's skills. it did not take long to realise he would have an outstanding career. he knew what he was doing , too , as soon as he came into the england side ahead of the 2003 world cup. he did not need coaching and he did not need telling what to do. jimmy anderson edged closer to sir ian botham 's record for england 's leading wicket-taker in tests. look at him on tuesday. if you had asked anyone which
a police officer in toronto , ontario , has dyed his hair hot pink in order to protest against homophobia , discrimination and any acts of bullying towards lgbt people. in celebration of canada 's day of pink , an annual event aimed at raising more awareness and understanding about the lgbt community , police officer ryan willmer posted a picture of his fellow police officer luke watson on twitter , promising that a series of images of luke with pink hair would follow , if the first image was retweeted 500 times. 560 retweets later and luke arrived at the station to the news that he would have to dye his blonde locks a bright and bold shade of pink , all in
tiger woods has revealed his wrist bone popped out after he swung and hit a tree root during the final round of the masters on sunday. the 39-year-old was on the ninth hole when he found himself 470 yards away from the pin with the ball nestled in pine straws. however when he followed through , the four-time champion at augusta slammed the club into a root , causing him to wince and grab his hand in agony. it forced the joint out of place , but woods shunned medical attention and simply pushed it back in himself. tiger woods looks in agony after his club came into contact with a tree root on the ninth hole
you may think that driving goggles belong to the days when cars were rare on the roads and people dressed in flying jackets to go for a quick drive. but the vintage eyewear may be set to make a comeback in a new hi-tech form , because bmw mini has produced concept smart specs to give drivers super-human powers such as x-ray-like vision. bmw group 's answer to google glass is designed to let drivers of its mini model see pop-up virtual displays for directions and other features -- and the elvis-esque glasses can also be worn out of the car. vintage
a girl who believed she had a bad hangover was found to have 13 blood clots in her lungs. holly barber , from manchester , woke up feeling unwell and with chest and neck pains -- but chalked it down to heavy drinking a few days before. but when the 25-year-old started coughing up blood she knew it was something serious. she rushed to hospital , where doctors found 13 pulmonary embolisms , blood clots blocking the main artery of her lungs , killing the tissue and stopping her from breathing properly. she was treated with medication but , incredibly , a year later was dealt another blow -- when medics found another melon-sized blockage in her right lung. holly
-lrb- the hollywood reporter -rrb- it may be time to light the lights. abc is filming a proof of concept for a revival of `` the muppets , '' the hollywood reporter has learned. `` the big bang theory '' co-creator bill prady is co-writing the script for a pilot presentation that sources say could be unspooled at may 's upfront presentation to madison avenue advertisers. sources tell thr that the project , if all goes well , could go straight to series. bob kushell -lrb- `` anger management , '' `` 3rd rock from the sun '' -rrb- will also co-write and
this dog certainly is his master 's best friend after saving him from a cold and muddy grave. the black pooch was filmed in action as he took a rescue rope out to his owner at the clarence j. brown dam and reservoir in springfield , ohio , on saturday afternoon. footage shows the unidentified man then being hauled to shore by firefighters after spending almost two hours in waters hovering around zero degrees celsius. he apparently got stuck waist-deep in mud while recovering some duck hunting gear. luckily , he had a cell phone on hand to call 911. however , first responders were unable to get a boat out to him because the river was too shallow. they also
this is the moment a clumsy baby elephant took a tumble as he rushed to catch up with his mother as she crossed a road. the cute calf had been taking a stroll through the bush with his mother at idube game reserve in south africa. when the pair came across a dirt track road , the adult strolled on ahead confidently. careful ! a clumsy elephant takes a tumble as he rushes to catch up with his mother as she crosses the road. but when the baby elephant rushed to catch her up he appeared to get his leg caught in the grass. the clumsy
-lrb- cnn -rrb- a south african university is celebrating the removal of a british colonialist 's statue after weeks of protests. university of cape town students took to social media to demand cecil rhodes ' statue come down , saying his legacy is tainted with racism. using the hashtag #rhodesmustfall , students expressed their views in a campaign that started last month. four weeks later , the hashtag is now #rhodeshas fallen. the university said wednesday the heritage authority granted it permission to remove the statue from the campus. `` these steps are being taken to ensure the safety of the
-lrb- cnn -rrb- it 's a warm afternoon in miami , and 35-year-old emanuel vega has come to baptist health primary care for a physical exam. dr. mark caruso shakes his hand with a welcoming smile. vega , a strapping man with a thick black beard , is feeling good , but he came to see the doctor today because his wife thought he should -- she even made the appointment. it is free to him under his insurance policy with no co-pay , as most preventive care is under the affordable care act. vega is one of more than 44 million americans who is taking part in
josh warrington will be accompanied into the ring by vinnie jones on saturday as he boxes in front of 10,000 passionate fans in leeds. the featherweight is quickly becoming one of britain 's best-supported fighters and will have his eye on a world title in the next 12 months. here , sportsmail looks at some of the other celebrities that have added some sparkle to ring walks. justin bieber -lrb- left -rrb- and lil wayne enter the ring with floyd mayweather before he fought canelo alvarez at the mgm grand in las vegas in september 2013. bieber joins mayweather after the us fighter beat alvarez to retain his belts during
by. annabel fenwick elliott for mailonline. a brother and sister who had n't seen each other for 16 years have been reunited after they were matched unwittingly on tinder. erik de vries , 24 , and josephine egberts , 22 , were separated back in 1999 after their parents ' messy break-up , after which their father took erik and his twin brother maarten to belgium and their mother stayed with josephine in their native netherlands , reports datingsitekiezen. despite erik and maarten 's best efforts to later track down their sister , it was only after erik moved back to the netherlands , joined tinder and swiped ` right ' on josephine 's profile that they were reunited - but the
a premature baby , born weighing a tiny 558 grams , astounded doctors by being able to go home almost five months after a medically complicated birth. the parents of etienne gould nunan , who was born at melbourne 's monash hospital in july last year , have praised medical staff for taking care of their son who came into the world not breathing , with a hole in his heart and a brain bleed. ` he just looked so fragile. literally a few hours after i met him for the first time , the doctors said he was n't going to make it , ' his mother carman gould , who had an emergency caesarean at just
they are usually used to trap coffee grounds when brewing filter coffee at home and are perfect for catching oily sediment from your cup of java. but these lint-free , tear-resistant paper cones can be life-savers in many other situations , too. they can provide an inexpensive way to complete a range of household tasks , from being transformed into temporary dish covers and snack bowls , to cleaning varnish off your fingernails when you 've run out of cotton wool. scroll down for video. they are usually used to trap coffee grounds when brewing filter coffee at home but paper filters have a myriad
-lrb- cnn -rrb- was it politics or something else ? no one is sure , but the headstone of hillary clinton 's father , hugh rodham , was found tipped over this week , just a couple of days after she announced her run for the white house. `` it was just laying down just right like that , boom , '' paul mcgloin told cnn affiliate wnep. `` i pass here five , six times a day because i live two blocks from here and when i looked i could n't believe it , to see that it was tipped over. '' mcgloin said he 's tended to the grave site at the washburn street cemetery
this is one of the few places in the world where holidaymakers can sleep with the fishes and brag about it to their friends when they wake up the next morning. thousands of sea creatures are on display when guests book themselves into one of two visually stunning underwater hotel rooms at the five-star atlantis , the palm resort in dubai. with enough room for five guests , the underwater suites -- poseidon and neptune -- boast floor-to-ceiling views directly into the ambassador lagoon aquarium , which holds 65,000 marine animals , from the master bedrooms and bathrooms -- creating the illusion of being under the sea. scroll down for video. atlantis , the palm 's underwater suites boast floor-to-ceiling
manchester united players hung a fake bird above ashley young 's peg in the dressing room after a bird pooed in his mouth during a top-flight match , luke shaw has revealed. as united kicked off their premier league season with a match against swansea in august , young received a surprise delivery from a bird mid-match , much to the amusement of his team-mates , who took advantage of the situation. speaking exclusively to match of the day magazine , shaw said : ` ashley young is the joker in the dressing room. we still laugh about the time he got bird poo in his mouth against swansea. manchester united left back
q : i have been suffering from mouth ulcers for the past five months and feel i 'm living on bonjela and mouthwash. i get them all around my mouth and on my tongue. i 've been referred to hospital but the appointment is n't for three months. although i 'm otherwise in good health , i 'm quite worried. a : mouth ulcers may seem like a minor ailment but can actually be incredibly distressing. the pain can severely impact on quality of life , as eating and drinking are significantly affected. as many as 20 per cent of people suffer with the occasional single mouth
there are moments when falcao sets off on those delayed runs in the bright red shirt of manchester united and it all comes flooding back. this could have been just the start. he made his name with porto , adding to his allure with those darting runs across opposition defences for atletico madrid and monaco during five glorious years in european football. chelsea away is a tough one to come into ; thrown into the team to start at the barclays premier league leaders because louis van gaal was short of bodies. radamel falcao strikes for goal but his effort is thwarted by chelsea goalkeeper thibaut cortois. falcao competes for a high ball with chelsea
-lrb- cnn -rrb- it 's one of the most famous faces in history , even though no one really knows what he looked like. instead , every culture , every generation , remakes jesus in its own image. a blonde-haired , blue-eyed savior when america was mostly anglo-protestant , at least in hollywood 's eyes. an androgynous , meek-and-mild messiah during the anything-goes 1970s. a studly action-figure hero after the attacks of september 11 , 2001. flip through the gallery above , and you 'll see what i mean. if you turned on the television this past sunday , though , a new vision of jesus came into view. darker , in mood and skin tone. earthy rather than ethereal. if not following all of history 's clues -- hollywood has yet to cast
christian benteke 's hat-trick secured a vital point for aston villa in a thrilling game against relegation rivals qpr. here , sportsmail 's laurie whitwell takes us through the player ratings from tuesday night 's match at villa park ... aston villa 4-4-2 -lrb- diamond -rrb-. brad guzan 6. could not have done much with any of the goals and caught most that came his way. leandro bacuna 5.5. offered an outlet down the right flank but allowed hill a free jump for his header. aston villa full-back leandro bacuna -lrb- left -rrb- tussles for the ball with qpr midfielder sandro -lrb- right -rrb- at villa park. qpr midfielder matty phillips -lrb- centre -rrb-
shanghai , china -lrb- cnn -rrb- when china 's biggest auto show opens in shanghai this week , the only models on display will be the ones with four wheels. gone , show organizers hope , will be the scantily-clad `` car babes '' that in previous years have posed provocatively on car hoods and sashayed through the aisles to draw crowds to the 9-day event. the focus , instead , will be the latest offerings from an array of global car manufacturers , which -- models or not -- are pulling out all the stops to compete for chinese customers in what since
crown princess mary attended an anzac day ceremony in denmark over the weekend. the australian-born royal cut a solemn figure as she placed a wreath at a memorial in copenhagen. the 43-year-old chose a dark ensemble for the event , wearing a knee-length purple dress beneath a black jacket and striking black millinery and gloves. striking : crown princess mary attended an anzac day ceremony in copenhagen over the weekend. commemoration : the australian-born royal stood with australian ambassador to denmark damien miller -lrb- second left -rrb- and turkey 's ambassador to denmark , mehmet donmez -lrb- far left -rrb- during the ceremony. mary 's attendance at
the owner of five horses rescued from rising flood waters during this week 's storm of a decade in new south wales has revealed the amazing lengths her brother-in-law went to over six terrifying hours to save her horses. steve spowart dived down into the freezing cold water to cut the barbed wire and free the horses that had become tangled in fences amidst the floods. the animals ' owner , sonia sharrock , praised her ` absolutely amazing ' brother-in-law , for his incredible feat , saying ` i do n't know what i would have done without him and my sister '. ` steve was cutting the wire , he had to dive right down into the deep water
this a carer partying with friends and kissing her boyfriend in the hours after taking cash from two frail pensioners she stole # 5,000 from. rebecca calder , 24 , who was jailed for a year today , went out drinking on the same night she used her victims ' bank card to withdraw large amounts of money. at her peak she was draining up to # 300 a day from her disabled victims ' accounts , spending it on nights out and items such as shoes. sentenced : rebecca calder , 24 , who was jailed for a year today , went out drinking on the same night she used her victims ' bank cards to withdraw large amounts of cash , pictured left and right. calder posted regular partying pictures of facebook
a former weber county court clerk has won a sexual harassment lawsuit against a former judge who wrote a love poem to her. a federal jury in salt lake city on thursday awarded more than $ 270,000 to marcia eisenhour after finding that former justice court judge craig storey violated her right to equal protection. the jury found storey liable for some $ 240,000 of the damages and the county liable for the rest. storey wrote in 2007 , ` i 'd love to harvest your sweet grapes , ' and called eisenhour the ` most gorgeous thing alive. ' storey was a judge for weber
april 3 , 2015. we 're starting with some international headlines today , covering events in switzerland , kenya and the pacific ocean. california 's historic drought is now hitting home for many residents and businesses , who 've been ordered to cut their water usage. we discuss two religious holidays being celebrated worldwide this weekend , and we take a look at a pair of subjects related to u.s. national parks. it 's all featured this friday on cnn student news. on this page you will find today 's show transcript and a place for you to request to be on
as a young prisoner of war , he survived the brutality of the nazi ` death march ' across europe. now 96-year-old robert clark is engaged in a different sort of battle after a council refused to increase funding he needs for a live-in carer. it means the second world war veteran could be forced out of his home of nearly 50 years and into a care home -- a move his son describes as ` like going back into a prisoner of war camp '. scroll down for video. public support : more than 127,000 people have backed a petition calling for brent council to pay for
-lrb- cnn -rrb- donald sterling 's racist remarks cost him an nba team last year. but now it 's his former female companion who has lost big. a los angeles judge has ordered v. stiviano to pay back more than $ 2.6 million in gifts after sterling 's wife sued her. in the lawsuit , rochelle `` shelly '' sterling accused stiviano of targeting extremely wealthy older men. she claimed donald sterling used the couple 's money to buy stiviano a ferrari , two bentleys and a range rover , and that he helped her get a $ 1.8 million duplex. who is v. stiviano ? stiviano countered that there was nothing wrong with donald sterling giving her gifts and that she never took advantage of the former los angeles
this is the terrifying moment that one wrong move sent a climber tumbling 10 metres down an icy cliff face. karlis bardelis , 30 , from latvia , was attempting to scale the cliff in coire an lochain , scotland , when the accident happened. and footage from a camera mounted to his helmet shows the very second that his climbing axe came loose. mr berdalis said : ' i was just thinking `` i hope i land somewhere soft and do n't break any bones ''. ' scroll down for video. the footage shows climber karlis bardelis carefully traversing the ridge ,
-lrb- cnn -rrb- the leader of yemen 's houthi rebels vowed not to back down on sunday as a top saudi military official claimed weeks of airstrikes had significantly weakened the shiite group. `` our fighters will not evacuate from the main cities or the government institutions , '' rebel leader abdul-malik al-houthi said in a televised address. `` anyone who thinks we will surrender is dreaming. '' his comments came after more than three weeks of saudi-led coalition bombings aimed at pushing back the houthis , who surged into the capital of sanaa in january and ousted president abdu rabu mansour hadi from power. hadi still claims he 's yemen 's legitimate leader and is working with the
when floyd mayweather posted a picture of a signed contract for his $ 300 million mega-fight against manny pacquiao two months ago , there was a collective sigh of relief. after more than five years of wrangling and bickering , the richest fight in boxing history was finally set for may 2 in las vegas. but with 11 days to go until the two protagonists are due to touch gloves , not a single person has a ticket in their hands. floyd mayweather fights manny pacquiao next weekend but officially , no tickets are on sale. that 's not to say that nobody has bought one ; seatgeek
would you feel better about gauging on junk food if it were dressed up like a gourmet feast ? that 's the question followers of a clever new instagram account are asking themselves , after taking a harder look at the deceiving dishes being served up online. appearing under a fictional name to remain anonymous , chef jacques lamerde - which roughly translates to ` jack sh -- ' - the account pokes fun at high-end dining by dressing up cheap , fattening , convenience store goods to look like fancy gastronomic creations. not only are the plates artistically manufactured , but they come with equally pretentious captions. one description , featuring a hot pocket as the
it 's that time of year when the english challenge in europe fades in the face of overwhelming firepower and the thorny issue of the salary cap re-surfaces. this time , dai young has sounded the annual alarm. wasps ' director of rugby could not have asked much more from his gallant side as they pushed toulon all the way before losing their champions cup quarter-final at stade felix mayol on sunday. yet , the scale of what they were up against was illustrated by the sight of matt giteau and juan fernandez lobbe -- two of the world 's finest players --
angelina jolie may have made the character world famous , but australia has its very own lara croft in the flesh , and her skill at playing call of duty has gained her thousands of devotees and a new job career. instead of going to work in an office , the brisbane gamer known only as bonnie doll starts up her xbox and goes on a killing spree with followers of her live stream. originally from sweden , bonnie has been living in australia since 2007. playing call of duty with others has become such a financial success that she has been able to give up her job working in hospitality. scroll down for video. tome raider : bonnie doll is australia 's answer
a french television network has been hacked by people claiming allegiance to isis , forcing it to broadcast only pre-recorded programmes. the hackers completely cut transmission of 11 channels belonging to paris-based tv5 monde and took over its websites and social media accounts for a full three hours early this morning. the channel 's director , yves bigot , said the attack was continuing this morning. he told rtl radio that the network has restored its signal but can only broadcast recorded programs , not live content. chilling : the isis hackers completely cut transmission of 11 channels belonging to paris-based tv5 monde and took over its websites and social media accounts for a full three hours early this morning. sick : the hackers posted documents on tv5monde 's
europe 's oldest lar gibbon is enjoying celebrity status after a video of it strutting through a wildlife park went viral. brian the lar gibbon , who is 50-years-old , was videoed by amanda dorman from south lanarkshire , scotland , who captured the critter 's creepy walk on a visit to the lake district wildlife park near keswick. the seven-second video , which is accompanied by ms dorman giggling throughout , shows the lar gibbon sneaking across in its enclosure while looking back and forth at the filmmaker. it was then shared over 130,000 times before the lad bible page picked it up and added the caption : ` running across the landing naked when you forget your towel. ' this resulted in the video being viewed over nine
maria sharapova and venus williams have both withdrawn from their countries ' respective fed cup ties this weekend. sharapova has been forced to pull out of russia 's semi-final against germany in sochi with a leg injury , the russian tennis federation said on tuesday. ' i was really looking forward to playing in sochi and taking part in the fed cup , ' the world no 2 said. russian maria sharapova has pulled out of this weekend 's fed cup semi-final with a leg inury. ` for me , it would have been the first time i would have had the opportunity to play in the city where i grew
the father of one of three teenagers arrested in turkey on suspicion of trying to join islamic state fighters in syria works for the ministry of defence , it has been revealed. it is believed the man , from brent , northwest london , works in the military 's post office , where he could have had access to the names and address of all military personnel at home and overseas. he has been put on compassionate leave from his post , after the mod considered suspending him , a source has said. it is not clear where or at what level at the mod he worked. the father of one of three teenagers arrested in turkey on suspicion of trying to join islamic state
hillary clinton shaped state department policy to reward big money foreign donors to her family foundation , an explosive new book written by a political foe will claim. according to author peter schweizer there is a clear trend of money flowing into the controversial clinton foundation and rewards emerging for donors - in forms such as free trade agreements and development projects. the claims against clinton , secretary of state from 2009-13 , are laid out in clinton cash , due to be published may 5th by harpercollins. bombshell : clinton cash , right , a new book by peter schweizer , is set to spell out a trend whereby big money donors to the clinton foundation found u.s. policies coming out of the state department shift
england had a good day on tuesday at the start of this second test in conditions that suited them. if they go on to bat themselves into a strong position , they can look at it in one of two ways. england can be happy they are good enough to take wickets at home and when the ball is swinging and conditions are in their favour - like here. if that 's the case then carry on as you are , but a position of strength is often a good one from which to take a long hard look at yourself and say ` how can we improve
a photographer has turned typical british locations including parks , villages and beaches into their own , individual planets with mind-bending 360 - degree photographs. anthony barbour , 33 , from liverpool , takes his camera everywhere and his pictures showcase sefton park and one shopping centre in liverpool , mudeford beach and durdle door in dorset , burley village in the new forest and north wales , among others. once he finds the right location , he will spend hours slowly rotating in one spot taking the 50 pictures he needs to create just one image. he said : ' i spin around three times until i 've captured as much
michael owen has warned raheem sterling that life after liverpool may not be all he hopes it to be after the england youngster revealed this week that he had rejected a # 100,000-a-week deal at anfield. owen , like sterling , started his senior career at liverpool but eventually moved on to real madrid in 2004. but he says the 20-year-old is not good enough to make the same move to the spanish capital. chelsea , arsenal and manchester city are all said to be interested in the hottest property in english football , but liverpool are determined not to let
on friday night i 'll be wearing bath 's no 6 shirt for the second time in a premiership game. the switch from midfield has worked for myself and the team , so i 'm hoping i can carry on playing in the back row for the rest of this season. the change of position was a decision my head coach , mike ford , made after the champions cup quarter-final against leinster. he phoned me a day after that game to discuss playing me in the back row to maximize my on-field minutes in our run home , to what i call `
-lrb- cnn -rrb- somewhere over the rainbow , people on the internet are losing their minds. is it real ? after the new york area received a large amount of rain , four rainbows stretched across the early morning sky on tuesday. amanda curtis , ceo of a fashion company in new york , snapped the lucky shot. at first , she thought it was just one. `` but i looked a little bit closer and saw that there were actually four , '' she told cnn. `` i had a small moment of awe. '' she posted the picture to twitter , and within a few hours
a family overheard a terrifying message on their young son 's baby monitor after the device and its camera were hacked. when the washington couple 's three-year-old had first began complaining of someone talking to him at night , his parents had put it down to their toddler 's over-active imagination , reported cbs new york. that was until one night when they heard a strange man 's voice come over the monitor to tell their son : ` wake up little boy , daddy 's looking for you. ' a couple heard the terrifying message : ` wake up little boy , daddy 's looking for you ' come through their 3-year-old son 's baby monitor -lrb- stock image
tim sherwood returned to white hart lane with his aston villa side on saturday and recorded a hugely important 1-0 victory against tottenham to dramatically increase his team 's chances of premier league survival. sherwood is renowned for his fiery displays on the touchline , so how did he fare during what is undoubtedly one of the more emotive fixtures for him ? sportsmail explains ... tim sherwood was visibly delighted at recording a victory with aston villa against tottenham. crowd reaction. all was going well until his exuberant celebrations at the final whistle , which prompted an angry reaction from the home fans in the west stand but he merely shook his fist at them and disappeared down
spotted : pippa middleton is said to have been buying up the mull-cloth nappies in geneva. with the birth now imminent , relatives of the forthcoming royal baby will be ready to shower the newborn with expensive gifts from london 's smartest shops. but the duchess of cambridge may be in line for a more practical present for her baby -- a supply of biodegradable nappies from her sister , pippa middleton. at # 4 each , the mull-cloth nappies are not cheap and they are yet to really catch on in the uk. but they are all the rage in europe and pippa , 31 , may have learned of their merits during one of her frequent trips to switzerland where her boyfriend nico jackson lives.
david beckham 's 40th birthday celebrations next weekend were never going to be a small affair. the world-famous football star is expected to fly out to morocco for a glamorous bash with his celebrity friends and family. and it is thought he will be staying at the five-star luxury amanjena resort , just outside marrakech. scroll down for video. david beckham 's -lrb- left -rrb- 40th birthday is on saturday , 2 may and reports state that he is to hold his celebrations at the five-star luxury amanjena resort , just outside of morocco -lrb- right -rrb-. amanjena resort amanjena -lrb- peaceful
-lrb- cnn -rrb- marvel comics superhero hawkeye is a master with the bow and arrow. he 's also got a secret super-talent at singing ed sheeran parodies. the '' avengers '' character -lrb- played by jeremy renner -rrb- was a guest on `` the tonight show starring jimmy fallon , '' where he got behind the piano to showcase some of his other skills. billboard : jimmy fallon hits hot 100 with ` ew ! , ' featuring will.i.am. `` listen i 've got powers too , and they 're pretty sweet. i promise i can do so much more than just archery , '' he
ronnie o'sullivan urged britain 's shoemakers to spare him crucible agony after getting through three pairs in a chaotic start to his betfred world snooker championship campaign. the five-time former champion was a 10-3 winner against craig steadman , a 32-year-old from manchester who endured a painful crucible debut. o'sullivan was hurting , too , after earning his last-16 place -- due to the discomfort his shoes were causing him. ronnie o'sullivan moved into the second round of the world snooker championship on wednesday. the five-time world champion beat craig steadman 10-3 in their first round contest at the crucible. he might have faced a fine of around # 250 for briefly playing on
a young choirmaster at an exclusive private school took a vulnerable student 's virginity just months after she confided in him that she had been abused by another music teacher , a court heard. edward moore was working in his first job as assistant director of music at king edward 's school in witley , surrey , when he had consensual sex with the 16-year-old student in his office. after the incident , the 24-year-old said to her : ` oh my god , you have to forgive me , you will hate me one day. ' moore , from ascot , berkshire , was
-lrb- cnn -rrb- two deputies involved in the fatal attempt to arrest eric harris in tulsa , oklahoma , have been reassigned because of threats against them and their families , sheriff stanley glanz said monday in a news conference. the deputies were trying to arrest harris when reserve deputy robert bates shot him. unlike bates , they are not charged with a crime , but have come under criticism for pinning harris ' head to the ground as he said , `` i 'm losing my breath. '' police appear on video saying , `` f*ck your breath , '' apparently in response. sheriff stanley glanz did n't specify
a heroic mother saved her daughter from the jaws of a 13ft crocodile in a 10-minute long battle , armed only with a wooden washing paddle. diwalinen vankar , 58 , had gone with her 19-year-old daughter kanta , to the bank of the vishwamitri river , 40 kilometres from vadodara , in west india , to wash their clothes. as they were wringing out their laundry , a mugger crocodile grabbed kanta 's right leg and dragged her into the murky river. diwalinen vankar , 58 , -lrb- pictured left -rrb- fought off a 13ft crocodile with a washing paddle after it attacked her 19-year-old daughter kanta -lrb- right -rrb-. a crocodile
if you 're having trouble sleeping it could be down to the interior design of your bedroom. from red walls to bright white lightbulbs and clutter under the bed , there are many things you may never have considered that are preventing you from getting a good night 's rest. a new infographic from london furniture company made.com shows scientifically proven tactics you can use to change the layout of your room. sleep experts recommended you arrange your room symmetrically , install heavy curtains and keep pets out. if you 're having trouble sleeping it could be down to the interior design of your bedroom. sleep experts recommended you
barcelona players were put through their paces as they put the finishing touches to preparations for the champions league quarter-final clash with french giants psg. the first-leg of the highly anticipated tie will take place at the parc des princes on wednesday. speaking to the club 's official website , defender adriano warned his team-mates ahead of the game they must be at their absolute best if they are to overcome psg 's star-studded squad , which includes the likes of zlatan ibrahimovic , thiago silva and lucas moura. he said , ` we have to be alert throughout the match. if we make any mistakes , even small ones
avril lavigne has revealed she has lyme disease. in an interview with people magazine , the 30-year-old explained the debilitating bacterial infection is the reason behind her months-long absence from the public eye. the singer has no idea where she got the tick bite that infected her. scroll down for video. struggling : avril lavigne has revealed she has lyme disease. she is pictured here at her 30th birthday party in las vegas when she was fully suffering the effects. ' i had no idea a bug bite could do this , ' she said. ' i was bedridden for five months. ' i felt like i
it was just after breakfast , only a few short hours after the rampant champagne-fuelled celebrations into the early morning had ended , but carlo ancelotti knew exactly what he was saying. still in madrid 's five-star tivoli lisboa hotel , the ` fat boy with the bowl full of emilian tortellini ' -lrb- his own words , not mine -rrb- told an italian journalist friend : ` yes we 've made history by winning la decima -- but this is real madrid. lose two games next season and i 'll still be an `` idiot ''. ' date : may 25 , 2014. hotel address : liberty street , lisbon. and of course ancelotti was speaking after madrid 's two principal teams , sworn
rita wilson appears with an ensemble of actresses in a satirical new video promoting gender equality which ironically proclaims : ` it 's only fair that men should have it all. ' the clip , which was created by the make it fair project , presents a string of statistics that highlight the disproportionate presence that men have in influential industries like hollywood , which means that , more often than not , males hold 70 to 95 per cent of the industry 's most important positions. ` we wo n't relent 'til it 's 100 per cent , ' the women sing in a tongue-in-cheek refrain that repeats throughout the
this may look like your average wooden wardrobe , but it actually has a hidden purpose. concealed within its doors is a tiny trapdoor that leads to a secret underground passageway stretching some 500 feet towards the u.s. border. mexican soldiers uncovered the suspected drugs tunnel and arrested nine people before they managed to dig under the border and successfully into american territory. scroll down for video. does it lead to narnia ? mexican soldiers uncovered a trapdoor leading to a suspected drugs tunnel hidden inside this wooden wardrobe. a mexican official prepares to descend the 10 feet long ladder to enter
when you consider 80 per cent of our information about the outside world comes through our eyes , it 's hardly surprising studies show eye contact to be the most effective way to signal sexual interest. eighteen times more sensitive than our ears , our eyes are capable of responding to one and a half million simultaneous messages. so finely tuned , they 'll subconsciously spot when someone starts looking at us - even if we have n't noticed - and start taking mental notes. scroll down for video. tracey cox says that it takes more than just simple eye contact to get someone 's attention here she gives her advice on how to use
vassilis was born in a boat. his mother was trying to make it from her home on the island of ammouliani , only a mile across the aegean , to the mainland. but she was too late. and so a boy came into this world at sea , and there was only one life he was fated to live. a snooze in the sunshine : the eagles palace hotel is a fine escape zone for family holidays. today , tall and bronzed , like a warrior from the legions of alexander the great , vassilis is at the wheel of a speedboat thrumming across the sparkling seas off the mount
boy , would tiger like to find a fairway here , ' said former professional david feherty. ` preferably one attached to this hole. ' it was that sort of day. tiger woods had worked so hard on his short game , the other quality needed to take a safe passage through these parts had been forgotten. he chipped like a champion ; he drove like a boy racer. somewhere in the ether , golf 's gods pointed and mocked. so tiger 's short game is killing him ? opposite. there has been so much yip yap these last few weeks it was forgotten that woods was becoming more
the ex of a woman convicted of killing their five-year-old son by poisoning him with salt has lashed out on facebook just days after she was sentenced to 20 years to life in prison. lacey spears of scottsville , kentucky , who was spared the maximum 25 years to life , appeared emotionless as the verdict was read in the death of her son garnett-paul spears. the boy 's father , chris hill , was not emotionless however and wrote of his wife 's sentence ; ` please put her in general population ! thats all im asking for ! because she wont make it.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- every morning , sissa abu dahou puts on traditional male dress , known as a jalabiya , and heads into the streets of the egyptian city of luxor for a day of hard work. but this man of the house is actually a woman. the grandmother of two has dressed as a man for 43 years to avoid oppression and eek out a living in the conservative muslim state. `` why did you do this mother ? '' her daughter asked during a recorded interview with egyptian television network cbc. `` your father died and i was six months pregnant with you.
an ohio woman discovered that her biological mother worked at the same company as her and lived only six minutes away. the ohio department of heath released birth records for people born between january 1 , 1964 , and september 18 , 1996 , last month , allowing people their first access to the information. after receiving her records in the mail , la-sonya mitchell-clark , 38 , of youngstown , finally got the answers she 's wanted almost her whole life. she looked up her mother 's name , francine simmons , on facebook and found out she worked infocision - the same call-center operation company she works at. la-sonya mitchell-clark -lrb- left -rrb- of youngstown , ohio , found out her birth mother was francine simmons -lrb- right
it 's constantly battling to protect us from terrorism and the host of other major threats in the modern world. so you might think mi5 would have more important things to worry about than running a competition for blue peter viewers to go to ` spy school '. but that is exactly what has happened , after three youngsters won a competition to visit mi5 's london hq. the children even got to attend a meeting with the security service 's director-general andrew parker. the winning contestants with andrew parker of mi5 -lrb- left -rrb-. the group were allowed inside the service 's hq. the budding young bonds
when ulster confirmed the audacious signing of all black wing charles piutau this week , the scale of their transfer coup was illustrated by the complaints emanating from new zealand. ` i 'm extremely disappointed he 's going , ' said steve hansen , coach of the world champions , having learned that the 23-year-old had rejected a new deal with the blues and nzru in favour of a season in belfast , in 2016-17. his views were echoed , more robustly , by commentators and fans alike. that might not be the end of the short-term kiwi exodus , despite jerome kaino 's decision
stephanie scott 's heartbroken family have shared a sweet photo of her as a little girl , giggling with her sisters in a bubble bath - as they invited all mourners to ` show their support of our beautiful steph ' for her funeral tomorrow. the service to remember the life of the beloved teacher from leeton will tragically be held at the venue intended for her wedding which was due to take place six days after she disappeared. the 26-year-old is believed to have been murdered after she disappeared from her workplace , leeton high school on april 5. school cleaner vincent
a mother-of-three who gained 12 stone after getting married when her binge eating problem became so bad that she hid calorific treats in her medicine cabinet has slimmed down to her pre-wedding weight. julia van herck , 42 , from fulham , west london , underwent surgery after ballooning to 23 stone after tying the knot with stefan in 1993. she wore a size 26 to size 28 and would regularly comfort eat tubs of ice-cream and family-sized pizzas because she was scared that her husband might leave her. mum-of-three julia van herck gained 12 stone -lrb- left , at her heaviest -rrb- after binge eating following post-natal depression and amid fears that her husband would leave her. she has since slimmed down to 11 stone -lrb-
a rescued seal pup who had been nursed back to health in a wildlife sanctury has washed up dead just weeks after being released into the wild after being run over by a boat. the female seal , who was called sponge bobby by rescue workers suffered horrific injuries to her face and back after the high-speed impact. the force of the collision broke sponge bobby 's jaw causing her a painful death off the dorset coast. warning graphic content. sponge bobby the seal suffered horrific injuries after she was struck by a boat or a jet-ski on monday. the six-month-old seal had been earlier rescued in november when she was
questions have again been raised about tony blair 's money-making since leaving downing street in 2007. tony blair 's global money-making projects face fresh scrutiny today after publication of a bizarre deal to sell the theory of ` deliverology ' to colombia. questions have also been raised about why the fees for the former labour prime minister -- who last week denied being in the ` league of the super-rich - are being paid by the united arab emirates , and not the colombian government. the contract sets out in great detail mr blair 's demands for confidentiality , and includes a requirement that his wife cherie
-lrb- cnn -rrb- a professor at texas a&m galveston said in an email to his strategic management students that they were a disgrace , that they lacked maturity -- and that he would fail the entire class. irwin horwitz , an instructional associate professor in the university 's department of maritime administration , told cnn affiliate kprc that he had finally reached a breaking point. `` enough was enough , '' horwitz said. `` it became apparent that they could n't do just some of the most simple and basic things that they should 've been able to do at that point. '' in the email to students , kprc reported , horwitz said : `` i have seen cheating , been told by students to ` chill out , ' ` get out of my space , ' ` go back and teach ' refuse to leave the room after being told to do so following inappropriate conduct , called a ` f ***** g moron
-lrb- cnn -rrb- they were huddled in the back of a tugboat. some were without shoes. their coats and jackets , still wet , were piled up in a huge container behind them. the 117 migrants , mostly from sub-saharan africa , arrived in the port of augusta , sicily , around 1p. m. tuesday , after being picked up by the tugboat off the coast of libya. the two boats they had been in were barely seaworthy , the tug 's montenegrin captain told me. the discarded coats , he said , would be thrown away. we had flown to sicily from rome following news that as many as
a chinese man recovering in hospital after a car crash had a shock - when all 17 of his girlfriends turned up to see him. mr yuan , from changsha , was involved in the accident on march 24 and has been in hospital ever since. none of the women knew he had been seeing anyone else - some for up to nine years - and one even had a son with him. the women discovered his secret after doctors contacted all of them to let them know he had been injured. a chinese man recovering in hospital after a car crash had a shock - when all 17 of his girlfriends turned up to see him -lrb- above -rrb-. xiao
council bosses spent more than # 7,000 on a lavish three-course christmas banquet and disco for staff as a last blow-out before the local authority shut up shop. ards borough council in northern ireland , which will merge with its neighbouring authority next week , put on the taxpayer-funded dinner to ` maintain morale ' and to encourage workers to do a good job. staff feasted on roast turkey and potatoes cooked in duck fat before moving to the dance floor at the party , which was adorned with almost # 500 worth of balloons and christmas crackers. ards borough council -lrb- offices pictured -rrb- spent more than # 7,000 on a lavish three-course christmas banquet and disco for staff. the
fact. whether he 's your coach , manager or interim , rafa benitez wins trophies. the spaniard 's name is being uttered once again across the boardrooms of europe this morning. his napoli side 's 4-1 demolition of wolfsburg in the europa league quarter final last night gave that ominous feeling that silverware is once again within his grasp. he may be demanding , occasionally abrasive and often expensive but ultimately benitez gets results. since 2002 , benitez has won 12 trophies with valencia , liverpool , inter milan , chelsea and napoli. napoli manager rafael benitez saw his side beat wolfsburg 4-1 in the
from the duke and duchess of cambridge 's 2011 wedding to the 2012 diamond jubilee , no royal event would be complete without them. now a trickle of royal fans , some familiar faces among them , have begun arriving at the lindo wing ahead of the royal birth. but the group , which includes well-known royal enthusiast margaret tyler , 71 , could be in for a long wait as the duchess of cambridge 's due date is more than a week away. getting ready : royal superfans margaret tyler and john loughery outside the lindo wing. that , however , was n't enough to dampen spirits with the group , all of whom had come prepared with union flags , posing happily for the gathering press pack. joining mrs tyler was another familiar face -
celtic 's ambitions of persuading manchester city to release jason denayer for another loan deal at parkhead next season are well documented. but what you wish for and what you get are often oceans apart and so may be the case regarding denayer after the pronouncements from city on thursday. put simply , manager manuel pellegrini has confessed that his club 's young academy players are not yet ready to step into his first-team squad. therefore the likes of denayer may soon find themselves returning from loan deals to fill the gap. jason denayer has impressed while playing for celtic on loan this season from manchester city. celtic are keen to retain the services of the
the scene in the old government house hotel could not be further removed from the horrors of war. there is a soft swell of conversation as afternoon tea is served , a clink of cutlery on crockery , the discreet burble of tea being poured into china cups. somewhere outside , the clouds part and light floods the lounge. i reach for another scone , ladle on a hearty dose of jam and cream , and marvel that , in this context , 70 years seems an eternity. rewind those seven decades and guernsey 's only five-star hotel -- pitched on the
his penchant for topless scything has proved a hit with housewives around the uk - and sent many rushing to social media to declare their love for actor aidan turner , 31. but it seems not everyone is a fan of the gardening techniques featured on poldark - not least the mowing community who have complained about turner 's ` excessive sweating and grunting ' and say it should never be done shirtless. turner set hearts aflutter when he stripped off to manfully mow a hay field with a scythe , an ancient cutting tool used for centuries prior to horse drawn and modern mowing machinery. scroll down for video. more like iggy
a georgia police chief who said he accidentally shot his ex-wife while they slept was indicted on wednesday on a misdemeanor reckless-conduct charge , a prosecutor said. peachtree city police chief william mccollom called 911 early new year 's day to report inadvertently shooting his ex-wife , margaret , as they slept in their suburban atlanta home. the shooting left margaret mccollom paralyzed below the waist. mccollom resigned from the chief 's job in march. peachtree city chief of police william mccollom , pictured left , dialed 911 to report accidentally shooting his wife margaret , right , as she slept in their suburban atlanta home early new year 's day.
a bill that would make hawaii the first state to raise the legal smoking age to 21 cleared the legislature on friday and is headed to the governor. the bill would prevent adolescents from smoking , buying or possessing both traditional and electronic cigarettes. governor david ige has n't yet decided whether he will sign the bill and said he will not review it until it is vetted by his staff for any legal issues , as is the case with all bills. ` the departments will be doing their review and then we 'll have the opportunity to look at it , ' ige said. jessica yamauchi , executive director of
a young mother diagnosed with dementia at only 41 is living in fear that she will forget her teenage daughter as doctors predict her condition will deteriorate in just five years. kelly watson , of gateshead in tyne and wear , started having problems three years ago when she began struggling with her words and co-ordination. despite regular trips to gps , it was never suggested she might have dementia as she was too young. most likely she was bipolar or depressed. but after tests and a brain scan , she was hit with the horrifying news of early-onset dementia on her 41st birthday on june 23 last year. now she is terrified
a student who identifies as gender neutral claims a whataburger in austin , texas denied service because the student was wearing lingerie. tyler grant , a junior at the university of texas prefers to be referred to by neutral plural pronouns such as ` they , ' ` them ' , or ` their ' instead of ` he , ' or ` she , ' and sometimes wears women 's clothing. video footage posted to twitter from early on sunday morning shows a restaurant manager telling grant and a friend not to enter the fast food restaurant because grant was dressed in ` inappropriate attire , ' reports the houston chronicle. scroll down for video.
the queen and princess margaret recorded a special tape of favourite children 's songs for the queen mother 's 90th birthday in august 1990. pianist laurie holloway was invited to buckingham palace by princess margaret to accompany herself and the queen for the performance which was recorded on a cassette tape. the royals recorded songs such as i know where the flies go in winter time , which were incredibly popular when the queen and her sister were growing up. the queen was 64 at the time and margaret 59. the queen , left , and princess margaret , right made the
former president bill clinton said he is ` proud ' of wife hillary rodham clinton 's presidential bid for the 2016 election. the comment was said while on a visit to oklahoma city and is the first he 's made about his wife 's second presidential campaign , according to cnn. the former secretary of state and first lady kicked off her campaign , which was launched last week , in iowa and will move on to new hampshire on monday. bill clinton made the comment in oklahoma city on sunday where he was speaking at a ceremony marking the 20th anniversary of the car bombing that killed 168 people at the alfred p murrah federal building in 1995. in his first public comments on his wife 's 2016
it is hard to believe that the mansion you see before you , with its bronzed clock tower and cherry wood doors , was initially a garage and chauffeur 's residence that would have been home to a rolls royce , or two. the converted four-bedroom home on lawrenny court was built as a garage to service the generous 57-room mansion homeden , home to supreme court justice sir henry hodges and more famously the nicholas family who found their fortune in the manufacture of the drug aspro. the converted four-bedroom home on lawrenny court , with its bronzed clock tower and cherry wood doors , was built as a garage to service the generous 57-room mansion homeden. around 25 years ago , the distinctive toorak home was thoughtfully converted into the polished residence it is today. interestingly ,
this is the moment a family got a shock after an elderly buffalo escaped being dinner for lions - only to run headlong into their car. moya gerber was travelling in her vehicle through the kruger national park , south africa , when she spotted a male and female lion trying to bring down a cape buffalo. moya 's sister rone odendaal , 24 , who is a teacher at laerskool lothair , located in the village of lothair , began taking pictures of the struggle , before noticing the buffalo was heading for the road. battle : moya gerber and her sister rone odendaal , 24 , spotted this struggle between two lions and a buffalo in the kruger national park in south africa ,
people flocked to apple 's stores around the world to get a. close-up look at the apple watch , the tech company 's first foray. into the personal luxury goods market. the device was available for preorder online and to try out. in stores by appointment , but not to take home. tim cook ,. interviewed on cable television channel cnbc , said initial. orders were ` great. ' scroll down for video. a throng of apple lovers gathers at its store in tokyo 's upscale omotesando neighborhood for their first look at the apple watch. apple ceo tim cook showed off his personal
three friends got the fright of their life when they were confronted by a pod of baby killer whales while on a crabbing trip. steven sloan , joined by friends michael niccum and eugene dight were on an aluminium rowboat when the encounter occurred off the west coast of anderson island , washington. filming from the boat , steven captured the orcas swimming from afar -- two of them can be seen jumping from the water. at a safe distance : the group cheer in excitment as steven captures two orcas swimming and jumping from the water. the group on the boat cheer and yell in excitement at what they are witnessing as the whales appear to start moving closer to the boat. according to steven , the group believe
films and tv shows depicting ` beautiful young vampires ' have led to a surge of young people dabbling in occult forces , an exorcism expert says. notable tv shows including true blood and the twilight film series - starring kristen stewart and robert pattinson - are said to be encouraging the surge and driving a new generation of what the church considers demonic ` possessions '. professor giuseppe ferrari , head of the italian occult watchdog the group on research and socio-religious information , made the revelation when speaking to a vatican-backed exorcism course in rome. hollywood films portraying ` beautiful young vampires ' , such as robert pattinson in twilight , are said to be driving an increase in young people dabbling
a population of wild wood bison were successfully reintroduced to the united states to freely roam the plains of alaska for the first time in over a century. the moment was captured on video and shows alaska department of fish and game biologist tom seaton leading 100 wood bison to freedom on a snowmobile. the land mammals were freed from a temporary pen , where they had been kept for just over a week during the transition , and followed mr seaton to their new home. they journeyed for a distance of about a mile and crossed the innoko river before reaching the grass meadows of lower innoko , which is surrounded by the yukon river. wood bison are north america
a mother who appeared in the bbc 's controversial documentary ` people like us ' is facing jail after she refused to pay a fine for taking her teenage daughter out of school to go on holiday. karen wakefield and her husband paul dawson were one of a number of families who featured on the six-part bbc documentary , which aimed to show what life was like in harpurhey in manchester. it was criticised by those who starred in it as intentionally painting them in a negative light. mrs wakefield , who runs wishy washy launderette in the town , is due to appear in court after she refused to pay fines
help for heroes has launched a fundraising drive to keep world war ii veteran robert clark in his own home after a london council refused to pay for his ongoing care. brent council said it was no longer able to afford to pay for a live-in carer to stay with the 96-year-old former prisoner of war , despite the fact that mr clark spent his # 50,000 life savings on contributing to his care. now , the council want to move mr clark from the house he has lived in for the past 50 years into a care home because they claim it is cheaper. scroll down for video. help for heroes has given robbie clark , pictured , an emergency grant so he can remain at home
a qantas jet bound for perth was forced to turn back to sydney airport after a safety light turned on mid-air. the airbus a330 took off soon after 11am but was back on the tarmac by 12.30 pm after an indicator light showed a possible issue with the rear cargo doors , a qantas spokesman said. ` engineers are inspecting the aircraft. there is no evidence at this stage of a problem , ' he said. passengers will be moved to another flight due to depart sunday afternoon , he said. a qantas jet bound for perth has been
bristol city will become the first football league club to win promotion this season should they beat bradford on tuesday night. the league one leaders managed to come away from second-placed preston north end unscathed , drawing 1-1 thanks to aaron wilbraham 's equaliser after jermaine beckford had opened the scoring just before the hour. regardless , steve cotterill 's side had been destined not to seal promotion at deepdale because results elsewhere did n't go their way. bristol city manager steve cotterill was happy to avoid defeat against preston on saturday. three points at bradford on tuesday will do the trick. it would take something
she 's in rehab now , but the big question remains : what exactly happened at the polo lounge at the swank beverly hills hotel that led to kim richards ' out of control behavior. the real housewife was arrested following an emotional breakdown after a heated exchange with the maître d' at the swanky bar of the beverly hills hotel , daily mail online can reveal. in a downward-spiral , the 50-year-old recovering alcoholic admitted to dr phil mcgraw that she was drunk on the night of her arrest. scroll down for exclusive video. help : kim richards is now in a malibu rehab , but the star was out of control when she was arrested at the beverly hills hotel. she tells all
-lrb- cnn -rrb- a white police officer claims he feared for his life and is justified in killing an unarmed black man. a police chief supports the police officer , who is ultimately exonerated , and a predominantly black community seethes with rage because it knows that an injustice was done. we 've seen this movie before. spoiler alert : cop gets away with it. routine stops for walking in the middle of the street or driving with a broken taillight -- these should not result in anyone 's death. but time and again it ends with a black man dead in the street
manny pacquiao may be aiming to conquer opponent floyd mayweather jnr on may 2 , but the boxer first set himself the target of conquering the mountains as he continued his harsh training regime. the filipino-fighter was joined by an abundance of fans as he tested his fitness against the steepness of some mountain roads. when at the griffith park summit the 36-year-old continued with some interval training as well as stretches as the crowds watched on with awe at his fitness. manny pacquiao trains with his team at griffith park in los angeles , california ahead of the mega-fight. pacquiao took to the mountains as he prepares to take on floyd mayweather jnr in may. pacquiao and his team continue their high
islamic state have reportedly launched their own ` health service ' , bearing remarkable similarities to the publicly funded british health service , the national health service -lrb- nhs -rrb-. known as the islamic state health service -lrb- ishs -rrb- , even the acronym appears to be an unimaginative copy of the uk 's free health system. the video features an australian pediatrician and an indian physiologist , urging foreign doctors to travel to syria and help isis with their new health care service. emerging last night on social media , the video 's poster show a cropped image of a doctor , wearing an nhs style blue surgical scrubs , almost identical to images seen on the british healthcare service 's leaflets. the video 's poster shows a
belly flop to belly up ? it 's fair to say steve bruce has had better weeks than this one , which featured the publication of some poolside diving snaps and culminated in a defeat that suggests hull might yet bomb out of the premier league. this was a game they could not afford to lose. not when their final seven games include fixtures against southampton , liverpool , arsenal , tottenham and manchester united. but lose they did , bringing their winless run to five and leaving themselves in a right mess. bafetimbi gomis roars with celebration after giving swansea a 2-0 lead against hull at the liberty stadium on saturday. gomis unleashed a thunderous overhead kick shortly before half-time to capitalise on some
it would n't make much of a breakfast , but this tiny egg could give a schoolgirl and her pet hens a place in the guinness book of records. shannon hayes , 12 , believes one of them has laid the smallest chicken egg in the world. after doing some research on the internet , she thinks its length of 1.8 cm -- smaller than a 5p coin -- shaves two millimetres off the previous title-holder. shannon said : ` i 'm confident it 's the smallest. it is very tiny and you would n't want it for breakfast. ' shannon hayes , centre , believes her pet hen , right
a russian biker gang , which vladimir putin describes as his ` friends ' , has camped out on the polish border after being banned from entering the country for a world war ii memorial ride. polish authorities said last week they would ban entry to the night wolves , with leaders calling their plans to ride through poland en route to commemorations of world war ii a ` provocation '. the group vowed to enter anyway and 15 were seen monday morning at the border crossing between brest , belarus , and terespol , poland. scroll down for video. stopped : a belarussian border guard checks the passport of a member of russia 's pro-putin night wolves motorcycle club at a border crossing with poland
standing at 174 centimetres at just 12 years old , venessa harris looked destined to be a model. but just months after winning a modelling contest that would take her overseas , the 12-year-old 's lofty plans to make it to the runway hit a snag. venessa was diagnosed with a rare form of bone cancer on january 5 after a nasty fall , which left her with pains in her leg. aspiring model venessa harris , 12 , was diagnosed with bone cancer just months after she won a talent search. venessa is pictured with her proud mother , karen monaghan , and grandmother , lyn harris. at first doctors
manchester united star ryan giggs has apologised to his brother for the eight-year affair he had with his wife. his apology came nearly four years after bedding her for the last time. ryan , 41 , phoned rhodri , 38 , and the two brothers are now reconciling in an attempt to rebuild their relationship. celebrity big brother star : natasha giggs had an eight-year affair with football legend ryan giggs. reconciliation : rhodri -lrb- left -rrb- and brother ryan -lrb- right -rrb- have ended their four-year feud over the affair. a source told the sun newspaper that ` ryan rang rhodri out of the blue a few weeks ago. rhodri moved on a long time
conversation is limited to ` mummy ' and ` bye bye ' and simply standing up unaided is a major achievement. but 11-month-old babies have already mastered the fundamentals of physics. baby boys and girls were surprised when a ball seemed to disappear through a solid wall. their curiosity did not end there. when they were then given the ball to play with , they repeatedly banged it on a table in an apparent attempt to work out its secret. scroll down for video. babies in the study reacted with surprise when objects like this toy car appeared to break the laws of gravity. the babies were similarly perplexed by a toy car that
although once known as one of hollywood 's most infamous bad boys , becoming a father has turned colin farrell into a dedicated family man who puts family before chasing women. having been linked with a string of the world 's most famous beauties - angelina jolie , demi moore , britney spears , elizabeth taylor - the actor says he 's now hung up his prowling boots. in fact , the 38-year-old has confessed in an interview with the sunday times that not only is he too busy , but he 's not even interested in the chase any longer. scroll down for video. colin farrell has claimed that he 's no longer the womaniser we once knew , and has n't dated in four years. the 38-year-old actor says that
after many years of speculation , bunkie king has finally laid to rest rumours about the nature of relationship with australian actor jack thompson and her older sister , leona. ms king shocked and intrigued the australian public when she entered into a relationship with thompson , who was twice her age , while he was also involved with leona -- who is nicknamed le. the 60-year-old 's first meeting with thompson was when she was 15 years old sydney school girl , and has now revealed the salacious details of their 15-year affair and unconventional arrangement. scroll down for video. bunkie king , 60 , has
arsenal have been here before. manchester city sniffing around with their millions , looking to prize away some of arsene wenger 's finest talent. jack wilshere is the latest man linked with a switch to the etihad stadium , where he would follow the likes of emmanuel adebayor , bacary sagna and samir nasri who swapped london for the north-west as city stormed towards premier league and fa cup glory. but times have changed. the gunners are now ahead of city in the table and appear to be a club on the up , while the men from manchester must rebuild. and if # 30million or more is truly on the table for wilshere ,
sharon winters was searching for her soulmate when she met kevin hawke on an online dating site - but less than two weeks later she was dead after he stabbed her in a brutal knife attack. now her brother stephen robinson , 44 , from wirral , merseyside , is speaking for the first time since his sister 's murder , to warn other women to be careful when looking for love online. the father-of-seven said : ` she was a lonely heart just wanting love. that animal preyed on her caring nature. ' sharon winters , pictured here with her brother stephen robinson , was looking for her soulmate online. kevin hawke has been jailed for 17 and a
it 's been one of the most indulgent shopping sprees in hollywood history. in just eight weeks , lily james , the british star of disney 's new blockbuster cinderella , has worn more than # 300,000 worth of frocks , shoes and jewellery designed by the glitziest names in fashion as she 's promoted her film. from # 3,000 jimmy choo shoes to a # 35,000 gown and a # 40,000 necklace , claudia connell and eliza scarborough reveal how downton abbey star lily 's very special wardrobe would be a stretch even for prince charming 's bulging wallet. scroll down for video. luxurious : in just eight weeks , lily james , the british star of disney 's new blockbuster cinderella -lrb- pictured -rrb- ,
more than 50 dead greyhounds have been found dumped in queensland bushland , with a taskforce set up to probe live-baiting in the state now investigating the grim find. at least 55 carcasses were found in the coonarr area , near bundaberg , on tuesday. a joint rspca and queensland police taskforce is now investigating. rspca spokesman michael beatty says it 's understood the dogs were killed before a four corners special which exposed the horrors of the greyhound racing industry. ` the indications are that these may just be young dogs that did n't have the speed , basically. but that 's really all we know , ' beatty told fairfax media. at least 55 carcasses were found in
a paramedic who pretended he was gay to get close to women before sexually assaulting them has been struck off the medical register. christopher bridger , 25 , from stevenage , hertfordshire , attacked three women after separate drinking sessions and was jailed for 12 years after being convicted of rape and four other abuse charges last year. the hcpc conduct and competence committee today removed him from the register after hearing his crimes and describing them as ' a serious breach of trust '. christopher bridger , 25 , who was jailed for 12 years after he sexually assaulted three women , has been struck off the medical register. a jury at guildford crown court , surrey
summer beach season is right around the corner , and with it comes inevitably sunburned skin , several broken flip flops and maybe even a water-logged mobile phone or two. but do n't let these glitches ruin your fun in the sun , surf and sand. below , mailonline travel looks at the top hacks , which are sure to cure any seaside holiday struggle. when travelling this summer , there are some basic travel hacks that can help make your holiday go off without a hitch. to add a sun-kissed glow to your locks , simply squeeze lemon juice onto your strands before sitting in the
newcastle supporters have been encouraged to stand up in protest against mike ashley 's running of the club when they face swansea at st james ' park on saturday. fans group ashleyout.com was behind last sunday 's boycott of the 3-1 defeat at home to spurs , which saw at least 10,000 supporters stay away as their side lost a sixth game on the spin. and now they are encouraging fans to ` stand up to ashley ' this weekend. newcastle announced record profits of # 18.7 million earlier this month before revealing that a further # 34m is sat in the bank.
in a matter of moments , samantha rawcliffe was catapulted towards an uncertain future. without warning , the mother-of-two lost all control of her body while she was behind the wheel of her car. gripped by what would later be diagnosed as a rare brain disorder , the 40-year-old crashed. she blamed her uncontrollable shaking in the aftermath of the accident on her shock. but over the following days , when she lost control of her bladder repeatedly , she feared something else was to blame. tests revealed she was suffering functional neurological disorder - an umbrella term for a wide variety of neurological symptoms that doctors can not explain. samantha rawcliffe , 40 , from morecambe , has been diagnosed with the rare condition
jeremy clarkson last night launched into a bizarre rant about being sacked from the bbc , saying the upside meant he could now swear without being reprimanded. the former top gear presenter made his comments when he was guest of honour at a charity auction in the cotswolds. opening the auction in aid of chipping norton 's lido , he said : ` in the olden days when i used to work for bbc , i could n't say s *** - but i am not , so i will say s ***. ' scroll down for video. jeremy clarkson pictured at the chipping norton charity gig , where he joked
the baggage handler who caused an emergency landing when he woke up inside the cargo hold of an airborne flight has come forward for the first time to detail the frightening experience , but still wo n't explain how he fell asleep to begin with. willa junior sat down with abc news for an interview , and says he was exhausted and dozed off while loading a plane at seattle-tacoma airport on april 13 and woke up when a piece of luggage landed on his head. the airport worker , who appears to be in his early 20s according to facebook , would n't explain how he had the time to take a nap on the plane but says it used to be common
former tech executive carly fiorina is set to become the second woman in the 2016 white house hunt -- if a report published wednesday afternoon is accurate. the onetime hewlett-packard ceo will launch a formal campaign. on may 4 , according to the wall street journal. but fiorina spokeswoman sarah isgur flores told daily mail online that it 's just a rumor at this point. ' i am not confirming the wsj story , ' flores said. scroll down for video. campaign-in-waiting : carly fiorina spoke tuesady at a public library in council bluffs , iowa , in the state whose presidential primary caucuses can make
grant shapps was last night at the centre of extraordinary claims that he was doctoring wikipedia pages to promote himself at the expense of his political rivals. the tory party chairman is accused of deleting embarrassing references to his past from his own page in the online encyclopedia while putting unflattering updates on the pages of others. a furious mr shapps denied the claims , published by the guardian , describing them as an ` extreme dirty tricks campaign '. david cameron defended mr shapps , saying that the party chairman is doing ' a great job ' while on the campaign trail today.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- there 's an old saying which states the cape verde islands are home to a greater number of musicians per square kilometer than any other country in the world. in truth , such a definitive claim may be nigh on impossible to prove. but there is a certain factual accuracy behind the legend : the important and proud relationship the atlantic island country of just 500,000 people has with music. situated roughly 350 miles off the west coast of africa , cape verde has long been a mesh of cultures , history and races. the former portuguese territory was once a key
the podium girl is the centre of a ` sexism storm ' after lewis hamilton sprayed champagne in her face said she was n't offended by his stunt - and was just doing her job. the british formula 1 racer drew criticism from around the world when he aimed the fizz directly as the face of 23-year-old grid girl liu siying , who was pictured looking less than impressed. but the shanghai institute of visual art graduate , who was a ` podium girl ' at the chinese grand prix. said she did n't think much about the incident and was n't annoyed. scroll down for video. liu siying was pictured
-lrb- cnn -rrb- two years ago , the storied boston marathon ended in terror and altered the lives of runners , spectators and those who tried to come to their rescue. just last week , dzhokhar tsarnaev was convicted on 30 charges related to the bombings at the race and the dramatic violence that dragged out for days afterward. the jury will begin deliberating his punishment next week. the death penalty is on the table. dzhokhar and his brother tamerlan , who was killed in a shootout with police , were intent on terrorizing not just bostonians , but all americans , prosecutors said. but the tsarnaevs were not on the minds
a woman who was addicted to energy drinks ballooned to a size 20 after spending # 11,000 on her high-sugar habit in just four years. jade wimsey , 24 , from goole , east yorkshire , would down up to seven cans a day at more than # 1.50 a pop and totalling more than 1,540 calories. her fizz addiction caused her weight to rocket to 17st 6lb. she is now a slim size 12 having shed six stone in 18 months by kicking the energy fuel for good. jade wimsey went from a size 12 to 20 in four years as she guzzled up to seven cans of energy drinks a day. '
cellphone footage appears to show a minneapolis police officer threatening to break the legs of a teenager who claims he was pulled over because of racial profiling. the march 18 video recorded by faysal mohamed lasts for 30 seconds and begins with a police officer giving a violent warning while his gun was trained on the teen and his two friends. ` plain and simple , if you f *** with me i 'm going to break your leg before you even get a chance to run. be honest. i do n't screw around , ' says the officer. keeping calm ,
-lrb- cnn -rrb- it was all set for a fairytale ending for record breaking jockey ap mccoy. in the end it was a different but familiar name who won the grand national on saturday. 25-1 outsider many clouds , who had shown little form going into the race , won by a length and a half , ridden by jockey leighton aspell. aspell won last year 's grand national too , making him the first jockey since the 1950s to ride back-to-back winners on different horses. `` it feels wonderful , i asked big questions , '' aspell said of many clouds , moments after his victory. `` over the fences he was awesome. i was just hoping his
with 17 feature films , two fashion campaigns and a role as a un ambassador under her belt , it 's hard to believe that emma watson is just 25. the harry potter star reached a quarter of a century yesterday , celebrating what must arguably be one of the recognisable a-lister names on the planet. now renowned for her effortless style and influential role in women 's right movements , emma has come a long way from her frizzy-haired days as harry potter 's loyal companion. scroll down for video. emma watson turns 25 and has already carved a career that many of us can only dream of. but how has the actress made the
steven gerrard leaves his beloved liverpool at the end of the season after an illustrious career and amazingly club legend steve heighway predicted that he 'd be a success - in a newspaper article in 1992. the former england captain moves across the pond to mls side la galaxy , where he embarks on a new challenge. a fresh-faced gerrard was pictured in the paper at just 12-years-old , when he was an up and coming talent in liverpool 's academy. a young looking steven gerrard was pictured in the paper alongside the article written in 1992. ` outstanding potential has to be recognised and nurtured and stephen gerrard , a
at half-time , everything pointed to another humiliating english defeat in dublin. such was the control leinster had been able to exert on bath in an utterly one-sided first half punctuated only by a single piece of individual brilliance by fly-half george ford , it was impossible to see a way back into the contest for the west countrymen. outmuscled at the breakdown , bullied in the scrum and laboured in the line-out , bath were in danger of going down every bit as tamely as england had a month ago. bath fly half george ford ghosts past leinster full-back rob kearney on his way to fine individual score at
a woman from nova scotia who has a prosthetic leg may have started off on the wrong foot with someone who shares a parking lot with her. despite receiving weekly angry notes on her windshield scolding her for parking in a handicap space , natasha hope-simpson said she felt flattered that someone mistook her for someone who could walk normally. ' i have a video of you walking away from your car on numerous occasions , you are not handicapped ! the next time you park here i will forward the video 's to police with your license plate number. you should be ashamed of yourself !!!! , ' reads one
finding the time to exercise when you 've got heaps of housework - and laundry - piling up can be difficult , but this piece of gym kit means you 've got no excuse not to work up a sweat. chinese designers have developed an contraption called the bike washing machine that contains a washing machine drum in its front wheel. when ridden , the pedalling motion causes the drum to rotate , churning your clothes inside like a traditional washer. chinese designers have developed a washing machine so cyclists can clean clothes while exercising -lrb- above -rrb-. a generator inside the bike also creates electricity which can be stored for future use. the designers , based at dalian nationalities university , do not say whether the
former rangers striker marco negri has revealed he quit the scottish giants after fearing he was hiv-positive. negri joined the ibrox outfit from italian side perugia for # 3.5 million in 1997 , scoring a staggering 23 goals in his first 10 league games for the club. however , a series of injuries destabilised his career in glasgow including a reserve match against aberdeen on november 13 , 2000. ex-rangers forward marco negri has revealed that he quit the club after fearing he had aids. cosenza -lrb- italy -rrb- - 19 goals in 34 league games - -lrb- 1994-95 -rrb-. perugia -lrb- italy -rrb- - 33 in 60 - -lrb- 1995-97 -rrb-. rangers - 32 in 30 - -lrb- 1997-2001 -rrb-. vicenza -lrb- italy , on loan -rrb- - 1 in 9 - -lrb- 1999-00 -rrb-. bologna -lrb- italy -rrb- - 0
picture the scene. you 've just bought a new outfit and you 'd really like a new nail polish to co-ordinate with it. or perhaps you 've picked up a dress for a party the same night and it needs more of a glitzy make-up look than usual. now , you no longer need to hotfoot it to the department store or chemist to stock up on make-up -- because fashion retailers have got in on the beauty act. fashion retailers have started to get in on the beauty act with plenty of shops now offering their own make-up ranges as well as clothing.
beef at a good price. if ian botham is going to watch his test wickets record get beaten by jimmy anderson , he might as well earn himself a bit of cash doing it. after spotting that skybet were offering 9/4 on the lancashire seamer to take four wickets in the first innings on wednesday morning , beefy , who remains england 's leading wicket-taker for the time being with 383 , tweeted : ` i 'll have a go at that price !!! ' sir ian botham was tempted to bet on jimmy anderson breaking his record on the third morning in antigua. daddy 's girl. with botham 's record in his sights , all eyes at the sir vivian richards stadium were on anderson -- including those
an oklahoma woman believes she has secured photographic evidence of the legendary blood-sucking beast , el chupacabra. vonda thedford , 55 , told fox news that she was driving along a pittsburg county rural road earlier this month when she spotted the mysterious carcass lying on the ground. when she stopped to look at the dead creature , she was disturbed to see it had ' a little truck ' in place of a nose , ` little toes ' and ` hair on its tail '. in a bid to document the unusual-looking beast , she whipped out her camera phone. scroll down for video. caught on camera : an oklahoma woman believes she has
a young bride planned a fairytale wedding and married her fiancé just six days after finding out his cancer is terminal. laura jordan , 24 , was told her now husband , jack jordan , 23 , had just weeks to live on saturday april 11 , having battled leukaemia since 2013. the couple , from brixham , devon , got engaged at jack 's hospital bedside just two months ago after being left devastated by the news. scroll down for video. laura and jack on their wedding day yesterday , april 16 , at the torbay hospital chapel. laura with jack in hospital , where she sat by his side for more than a year. friends , family , and hospital stuff rushed to plan the pair 's dream wedding , and laura and jack got married in torbay hospital chapel
more than 2,200 walmart employees are now unemployed after the retail corporation announced it was temporarily closing five stores for ` extensive ' plumbing repairs. workers at two texas stores , as well as in california , florida and oklahoma , were notified only a couple of hours before they lost their jobs. almost 550 people lost their job at the pico rivera store in california alone. scroll down for video. more than 2,200 walmart employees are now unemployed after the retail corporation announced it was temporarily closing five stores for ` extensive ' plumbing repairs. ` everybody just panicked and started crying , ' deli department manager venanzi luna told cnn money. walmart will put both the full-time and part-time workers affected by the closures on
-lrb- cnn -rrb- fifty years ago in frankfurt , german prosecutors tried 22 former nazi ss soldiers at auschwitz in what remains the most famous holocaust trial staged in germany. at the time , fritz bauer , the german-jewish attorney general of hessen , expressed the simple hope that `` sooner or later , one of the accused would step forward and say : ` what took place -- it was horrific , i 'm sorry. ' then the entire world would exhale , as would all the survivors of those killed at auschwitz , and the air would be cleared. '' sadly , bauer observed , `` it has not been uttered , nor will it be. '' the refusal of perpetrators to own up to their guilt remains one of the most disappointing aspects of holocaust trials. john demjanjuk
they 're professionally trained to project their voices for stage and screen , so it 's unsurprising that the nation 's most popular actors might use one of their best assets to secure lucrative work with the best deals said to be worth around # 50,000. however , while voiceover work might be a salary-boosting sideline , it can go down like a lead balloon with other employers , as coronation street actress katy cavanagh discovered to her peril recently. executives at coronation street have reportedly just overturned a ban on their cast offering their dulcet tones to radio advertising campaigns after rumours of a near-mutiny among its actors , the catalyst for which was katy 's
a michigan woman who was expecting to find a tax refund in her mailbox was shocked when she instead received a letter from the irs informing her that she had ` died '. sarah jewell , 25 , is still living and breathing , a fact she proved when , after the irs told her to contact her local social security office in sparta , she walked right in and announced ` i 'm alive ! ' the staff told jewell that someone had filed her social security number as deceased in november 2014. jewell said the office implied she would be fine and that ` everything 's taken care of '. sarah jewell , 25 , was expecting to find a tax refund in her mailbox when she instead received a letter from the irs informing her that she had ` died ' but fast-forward three months later and jewell said she has n't received instruction from social security on
-lrb- cnn -rrb- governments around the world are using the threat of terrorism -- real or perceived -- to advance executions , amnesty international alleges in its annual report on the death penalty. `` the dark trend of governments using the death penalty in a futile attempt to tackle real or imaginary threats to state security and public safety was stark last year , '' said salil shetty , amnesty 's secretary general in a release. `` it is shameful that so many states around the world are essentially playing with people 's lives -- putting people to death for ` terrorism ' or to quell internal instability on the ill-conceived premise of
a father-of-two who brushed his ankle against a bin bag , scraping the skin , developed a flesh-eating bug and nearly lost his leg. douglas murphy was cleaning up after a children 's picnic when he bumped his leg against a bin bag. though the 47-year-old barely registered it at the time , the scrape almost cost him his right leg. a cut so small it was hardly visible , became infected , causing the rare condition necrotizing faciitis - a flesh-eating bug. so extreme was mr murphy 's infection , surgeons were preparing to amputate his right leg. but as they were printing out the paperwork to
a seller on ebay has claimed that he has former new england patriots player aaron hernandez 's jailhouse identification card - and he 's trying to auction it off. the ebay listing , posted friday , showed a laminated badge featuring a photo of hernandez , 25 , and identifying information , including his height , weight and birth date. hernandez is currently in prison during his trial for the the june 2013 shooting death of odin lloyd , who was dating his fiancée 's sister. lloyd was shot six times in an industrial park less than a mile from hernandez 's home. scroll
-lrb- cnn -rrb- a term used by president barack obama and baltimore mayor stephanie rawlings-blake to characterize rioters has given new life to a debate over the word `` thug. '' `` of course it 's not the right word , to call our children ` thugs , ' '' baltimore city councilman carl stokes told cnn 's `` erin burnett outfront. '' `` these are children who have been set aside , marginalized , who have not been engaged by us. no , we do n't have to call them thugs. '' `` just call them n ----- s. just call them n ----- s , '' he said.
the girlfriend of an australian baseball player who was shot in back while jogging in oklahoma appeared in court on thursday and faced his suspected killer as the prosecution rested their case. sarah harper was in a relationship with christopher lane , 22 , when he was gunned down while visiting in the city of duncan in august 2013. he was born in melbourne , australia , but was in the united states on a baseball scholarship when 17-year-old chancey allen luna allegedly murdered him. the couple had returned from a trip to australia just two days earlier. scroll down for video. sarah harper -lrb- pictured left walking into court on thursday -rrb- was in a relationship with christopher lane , 22 , when he
nba star kevin love , who dislocated his left shoulder on sunday , has criticized his opponent for what he called a ` bush-league ' play. cleveland 's power forward was injured in the first quarter of the cavaliers ' 101-93 victory that completed a four-game sweep when he and boston 's kelly olynyk chased a loose ball into the left corner after jae crowder of the celtics missed a 3-pointer. olynyk 's right arm became entangled with love 's left arm. love then grabbed his arm and kept running toward the cleveland bench before going to the locker room , where
robbie keane is n't letting an injury keep him from entertaining his la galaxy fans with one high-profile supporter , boy george , endorsing his rendition of karma chameleon. a video of keane 's car karaoke effort was posted on the boy george and the culture club facebook page and while the 34-year-old striker 's enthusiasm ca n't be faulted , his command of the lyrics leaves a bit to be desired. ` my m8 robbie keane having a sing-a-long in the car ! ` go on robbie ! ' said the post. robbie keane sings karma chameleon iin a video posted on boy george & the culture club 's facebook page. the video was apparently filmed during la
a five-month-old baby whose parents created a 30-item ` bucket list ' for their terminally ill son has tragically died - with sadly only one item ticked off. elijah mccrae 's heartbroken parents , jessica and andrew , remembered the ` happiest baby ever ' , after he died in his mother 's arms on monday evening. ` we thought we had at least another week , ' ms mccrae said. ` it is with a heavy heart , that our baby elijah has passed away. he passed peacefully in my arms. they tried to revive him but we knew he was telling us it 's his time. ' ` we thought we had at least
isis was removed from the official list of future pacific hurricane names by the un 's world meteorological organization , a wmo spokeswoman announced on friday. the wmo hurricane committee deemed the name inappropriate because of the eponymous militant group. as the name of an ancient goddess of egypt , isis had been on the wmo list of names for hurricanes in 2016. isis was deemed inappropriate and removed from the hurricane list by the un 's world meteorological organization. as the name of an ancient goddess of egypt , isis had been on the wmo list of names for 2016. the hurricane committee also backed mexico 's request to retire the name odile because of the storm -lrb- above -rrb-. isis is also used to
-lrb- cnn -rrb- kim bok-dong is 89 now , and is going blind and deaf. she knows her health is fading , and she can no longer walk unassisted. but her eyes burn bright with a passion borne of redressing her suffering of a lifetime ago. she enters a meeting of tokyo foreign correspondents in a wheelchair , visibly exhausted after a flight from seoul and days of interviews and meetings. the nightmares from five years as a sex slave of the japanese army , from 1940 onwards , are still crystal clear. kim is determined to share her story with anyone who will listen , until she 's no longer physically able. `` my only wish is to set the record straight
hong kong -lrb- cnn -rrb- it 's not just asia. around the world , we 're becoming collectively more near-sighted. near-sightedness , or myopia , means nearby objects appear clearly , but those farther away look blurry. the rates of myopia have doubled , even tripled , in most of east asia over the last 40 years , researchers say. several places like hong kong , singapore and taiwan have rates in the 80 %. in south korea , myopia rates among 20-year-olds have leaped from 18 % in 1955 to over 96 % myopia in 2011. and it 's a global issue --
you do n't become one of the most successful designers that italy has ever produced without causing some controversy. but giorgio armani 's latest comments will undoubtedly raise a few eyebrows. the 80-year-old fashion designer , who has dressed everyone from beyoncé to adele , has made a name for himself putting a-listers of all shapes and sizes in his creations , but it turns out he has harsh criticism for a few body shapes in particular. scroll down for video. giorgio armani , 80 , admitted in an interview that he disapproved of women with breast enlargements and men who worked out too much. in an interview with the sunday times , the milan-born designer spoke of his disapproval of women who resort to breast enlargements , as well as men who work
supermodel maggie rizer only gave birth to her daughter cecilia kathryn nine weeks ago , but the mother-of-three is already back to her trim and toned self. the 37-year-old fashion veteran sported a tiny string bikini as she posed with her two-year-old son quinnlann clancy for a sweet snapshot , which she shared monday on her instagram account. ` boogie boarding with my baby , ' she captioned the image. and online commenters could n't help but note how fit maggie looks only a few months after she and her husband alex mehran welcomed their first daughter into the world. beach body : supermodel maggie rizer donned a string bikini while playing with her two-year-old son quinnlyn clancy on the beach -
sean donohoe , 30 , from wilnecote , tamworth , plundered a pensioner 's life savings , blowing # 28,500 on shopping sprees and lavish meals out. a crooked builder befriended a widowed pensioner so he could fritter away her # 28,500 life savings on shopping sprees and lavish meals out. sean donohoe , 30 , from wilnecote , tamworth , plundered the elderly woman 's accounts before spending tens of thousands of pounds on trips to the snowdome and in shops such as argos and hmv. he even persuaded his victim to change her will so he could reap the
parents need to keep their distance and trust schools and teachers instead of being ` dervishes ready to battle with anyone and anything on behalf of their child ' , a leading head teacher has said. peter tait , the headmaster of sherborne preparatory school in dorset , claimed parents have become ` dervishes ' about their children 's education and should take a back seat to allow them to develop naturally. writing in attain , the magazine for the independent association of prep schools , mr tait said the modern trend of interfering stemmed from parents being bombarded with information about
michael phelps made a winning return to competitive racing as the 18-time olympic gold-medallist claimed 100 metres butterfly victory at the arena pro swim series in arizona. phelps , back in action after a six-month suspension imposed by usa swimming following his drink driving conviction last september , won the race in mesa with a time of 52.38 seconds , edging out ryan lochte. ` it 's my first time to race since pan pacs -lrb- the 2014 pan pacific championships -rrb- , and being back in the water racing is something that i love , ' said phelps , quoted on usaswimming.org. michael phelps claimed 100 metres butterfly victory at the arena pro swim series following six-month ban. the 18-time
punched , elbowed , apparently bitten. just another night for an atletico madrid striker. yet this was not diego costa circa 2010 to 2014. this was mario mandzukic involved in bust-up after bust-up as he shed blood and sweat against great rivals real madrid at the vicente calderon. when atletico allowed costa to sign for chelsea on july 1 , 2014 , diego simeone may have fretted about losing his street fighter. not for long , however. just nine days later , he bought mandzukic from bayern munich , and the croatia international looked every bit as aggressive on tuesday night. blood pours from mario mandzukic
-lrb- cnn -rrb- pope francis will visit cuba on his way to the united states in september , the vatican said wednesday -- a trip that will come months after he helped negotiate a diplomatic thaw between the two countries. the exact timing of the cuba trip was n't immediately released , but the vatican said the pope would stop in cuba before his planned late september stops in washington , new york and philadelphia. in havana 's cathedral square , people reacted joyously to the news. `` the pope coming here , maybe he could ... make more positive ways for cubans to go towards religion , more than politics ,
a woman in china showed her strength by using her legs to lift a group of people. the footage captured at a birthday party in sichuan province shows a woman lying on her back on a stage. placed across her outstretched legs is a plank of wood and clinging to either side of it are two women who are about to become human weights. the woman holds two people on a plank of wood and starts lifting them up and down with her legs. three men stand and assist the women before stepping back and preparing to enjoy the show. suddenly music begins playing and the woman starts pumping her legs up and down
the wife of broadcaster john suchet has died aged 73 after a decade-long battle with dementia. bonnie was described by her husband as ` the love of my life '. she died on april 15. last night suchet , 71 , declined to comment , saying it was a ` private family matter '. he has thanked those on twitter who offered their condolences. bonnie suchet -lrb- pictured with john -rrb- was described by her husband as ` the love of my life ' the family paid tribute in a death notice in the telegraph , which read : ` bonnie died peacefully on 15th april 2015 aged 73. ` adored wife of john , devoted mother of alec and hereward , mother-in-law of peta-jane , grandmother of finn and alexa. ' in recent years
people who have never been divorced can expect a retirement income 13 % higher than a colleague. the cost of divorce can wreck retirement many years after the break-up of a marriage , according to research. people who have never been divorced can expect a retirement income 13 per cent higher than a colleague who has been through a divorce. it means an extra # 2,100 a year -- # 17,800 rather than # 15,700 -- to anyone who has kept their marriage intact , or who has never married , according to the survey for the prudential. it also found that one in five divorcees who stop work this year will retire with debts to drag down their disposable income
whether it 's a greasy spoon in his hometown or one of the world 's most celebrated attractions for tourists , tripadvisor 's most prolific reviewer is going to write about it. american expat brad reynolds has become the travel website 's top contributor , writing more than 3,300 reviews and uploading nearly 40,000 photos in just five years. the 38-year-old critiques every hotel , restaurant and landmark he visits on holiday and in his current home of hong kong , providing opinion and travel tips that have been read by millions of travellers around the world. scroll down for video. brad reynolds , pictured at india 's taj mahal , is tripadvisor 's most active user with
a mid-air altercation over legroom turned into a brawl on a flight from london heathrow to oman , after one passenger allegedly attacked another with a shoe. the fight broke out on the oman air flight 102 to muscat after one man decided to move seats because the plane was n't full. however , a fellow passenger objected to the man moving near to him and a row broke out. after landing at muscat , one man was taken away for questioning by police after being involved in a fight with another passenger on an oman air flight -lrb- file photo -rrb-. passengers were forced to intervene after the argument escalated into a full-blown fight on board. the irish mirror reports that one of the men involved threw punches
-lrb- cnn -rrb- the last time frank jordan spoke with his son , louis jordan was fishing on a sailboat a few miles off the south carolina coast. the next time he spoke with him , more than two months had passed and the younger jordan was on a german-flagged container ship 200 miles from north carolina , just rescued from his disabled boat. `` i thought i lost you , '' the relieved father said. louis jordan , 37 , took his 35-foot sailboat out in late january and had n't been heard from in 66 days when he was spotted thursday afternoon
a u.s. father who enlisted the help of social media users to record a message for his son from the tooth fairy - whom the youngster believes is from australia - has thanked the man who answered his appeal. jacob hall invented the ruse that the tooth fairy lived thousands of kilometres away down under for his seven-year-old son , evan , when he was late paying up the last time around. father-of-three jeff pyrotek , from seymour in victoria , answered mr hall 's call for help and uploaded his finished product on soundcloud. scroll down for audio. jacob hall , from iowa , asked australian redditors to make a recording from the tooth fairy
a rare bentley which has lain gathering dust for years has been bought for almost four times its estimated value - but still needs a full restoration. the 1954 bentley r-type continental fastback was estimated to sell for around # 200,000 by auctioneers but ended up being sold for # 739,212 - a record for the auction house. originally commissioned by welsh racing driver r d weatherall and painted in his racing colour of purple - the license plate still bears his initials. the 1954 bentley r-type continental fastback -lrb- pictured -rrb- sold for almost four times its estimated value. the rare bentley needs a full restoration after it was allowed to gather dust in a barn over the past 15 years. more than 45
garissa , kenya -lrb- cnn -rrb- days after a horrific al-shabaab attack on its soil , kenya launched airstrikes targeting the terror group in somalia , according to a military source , who insisted the strikes were not retribution for last week 's massacre at garissa university college that killed nearly 150 people. `` the latest attack of al-shabaab bases by the kenya military is part of the ongoing operations that started in 2011. it is not a retaliation to the garissa attack. the operation has been ongoing , '' the military source said monday. it is customary for kenyan military sources not to give their names to media. two of the airstrikes hit al-shabaab training camps , according to a resident of the southwest somalian town of bardera , almost 200 kilometers -lrb- 125 miles -rrb- from the kenyan border , and a local journalist who asked not
-lrb- cnn -rrb- late one night on facebook , a girl with cystic fibrosis messaged a boy with cystic fibrosis , and both their lives were changed forever. the girl , katie donovan , read that the boy , dalton prager , was very sick. `` if you ever need a friend to talk to , you can reach out to me , '' she wrote. `` sorry , but do i know you ? '' he responded. no , you do n't , katie wrote back , and told dalton a bit about herself. like him , she was 18
julie mckenzie thought scoliosis was the cause of her bad back. julie mckenzie was assured by her gp that her nagging back pain was down to a mild curvature of the spine. she 'd gone to see him three months after suddenly developing back problems and had been referred for x-rays. these revealed that her spine was slightly curved , a condition known as scoliosis. ` my gp said that as far as he was concerned , my pain was the result of the scoliosis and that i should try pilates to build up my muscle strength '. but julie , 53 , felt there was more to it - she 'd always been strong and active until the pain began in the spring of 2013. as
` you 're getting the hang of this commentary lark , ' cooed martin tyler during sky sports coverage of the manchester derby. tyler was , of course , one half of the commentary team that was once seen as being the best of the bunch. that other half back then being his old partner andy gray. nowadays , the man in the gantry alongside him is gary neville. and it was his zinger after united 's fourth goal -- ` smalling has scored. it 's a mauling for city ' -- that got the veteran lip mic man reaching for the platitudes. and perhaps cementing the new best partnership in the
countdown co-presenter rachel riley was left embarrassed on a recent episode of the show when contestants offered up a rather rude eight-letter word as their answer to the word game. host nick hewer faced a conundrum of his own as he tried , and failed , to stifle his giggles as a blushing ms riley spelt out the word ` erection '. hewer , who first found fame as lord sugar 's sidekick in the apprentice , was clearly trying not to laugh when dubliner gerry tynan and anne lewin , from brighton , both offered up the double entendre. scroll down for video. countdown co-presenter
tiger woods declared himself ready to compete for a fifth masters title after completing 11 holes of practice at augusta national on monday. woods has started just two events in 2015 , shooting a career-worst score of 82 to miss the cut in the first of them and withdrawing through injury after just 11 holes of the second on february 5. that led to the 14-time major winner taking a break from competition to work on his game , during which time he dropped outside the world 's top 100 for the first time since september 1996 , a slide which continued on monday as he fell from 104th to 111th. tiger woods returned to action as he warmed up at augusta national golf club ahead of the masters. the 39-year-old is returning from a
it was ava gardner 's ` little london retreat ' and now a slice of it could be yours for an eye-watering # 500,000 per year. the hollywood siren called the building , just a short walk from harrods in london 's exclusive knightsbridge , home until her death in 1990. now this newly refurbished five bedroom , five bathroom apartment gives renters the chance to walk in the footsteps of the legendary screen star. spread over 3,054 square feet it boasts two spacious reception rooms , a study and a modern state-of-the art kitchen and breakfast room. scroll down for video. ava
-lrb- cnn -rrb- after two days of deliberation , jurors found dzhokhar tsarnaev guilty on all counts in the boston marathon bombing. the verdict is n't surprising. what might be , however , is the answer to how we prevent this kind of violence from happening again. because there could be other more young men just like him , which means the lessons we take from boston will affect whether we can keep america and americans safer. today , nearly 1 out of 4 people in the world are muslim. by 2050 , pew reports , that will be some 1 out of 3. by 2070 ? well
forget the easter bunny , it was an egg-laying chick spreading the joy in one household. a video uploaded by youtube user shkesi shows a baby girl mesmerized by a toy mothering hen. as the motorized plush bird bounces up and down and pops out an egg , the infant can barely believe her eyes. when the first egg emerges she cries for joy and when the third comes she lets out a shriek with her arms waving around. before laying its eggs - which are unfortunately plastic , not chocolate - the toy bird plays a short song. ` i 'm about to show you how it 's done , laying eggs is so much fun , '
matthew hall , 25 , climbed onto the balconies in of his victims in manchester 's fashionable northern quarter district and hid. a fantasist prowler who harassed young women , traumatising them after scaling the walls of trendy apartment blocks where they lived , has been banned from the area nearby for five years. matthew hall , 25 , climbed onto the balconies in of his victims in manchester 's fashionable northern quarter district and hid , asking when confronted ` am i scaring you ? ' and ` you 're dead sexy - can i come in ? ' in one case he walked into his victim 's bedroom as she slept in the early hours , making off when she switched the light on and saw him.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- pope francis reminded the world of the vatican 's status as a state and his role as a moral diplomat in his traditional speech given at the end of easter mass.. the pontiff lamented the suffering of people in the conflicts currently making headlines and called for violence everywhere to end. foremost , he asked that bloodshed end in iraq and syria and that humanitarian aid get to those in need. `` may the international community not stand by before the immense humanitarian tragedy unfolding in these countries and the drama of the numerous refugees , '' he said in his `` urbi
former saturday night live cast member gary kroeger announced tuesday that he is running for congress in iowa. a former saturday night live cast member is running for congress in iowa , and he says it is n't a laughing matter. gary kroeger said he will run in the 2016 democratic primary for iowa 's 1st district. the 57-year-old iowa native says he wants to focus on progressive policies , such as investing in education and protecting the environment. ` i 'm a lion of liberalism. i truly embrace these policies of civil rights , economic equity , economic prosperity and upward mobility , '
kaitlyn granado , 24 , was arrested on monday amid claims she had sex with pupil , 15 , in her car on consecutive nights in january. a texas math teacher has been accused of having sex with an underage pupil from a texas high school a month after she was arrested for letting another teenage touch her breasts. kaitlyn granado , 24 , a teacher at macarthur high school in irving , was first arrested on march 19 for having an inappropriate relationship with a 15-year-old student , and was released on bail. now she has been arrested again after another pupil , also aged 15 , also accused granado of having sex with him on two consecutive nights in january this year. according to the affidavit , seen by
fox sports australia will not take action against a freelance presenter who posted an instagram picture of herself and a friend in blackface make-up. briony ingerson posted the image from an ` african-themed party ' almost three months ago , writing that the costume was as a light-hearted tribute to a friend who was working on network ten program ` i 'm a celebrity ... get me out of here ! '. i 'm a celebrity ... get me out of here ! aired on network ten and involved more than a dozen identities camping under the stars in south africa 's kruger national park. she used the hashtag #ihopethiscomesoff alongside the photo of herself painted
the morning after the row the night before , lewis hamilton and nico rosberg barely exchanged a word in the first-class cabin of their emirates flight to dubai , en route to the next race in bahrain. if the two mercedes drivers are not quite on non-speaking terms , they are communicating only when they have to. while they kept quiet among themselves , both had a further say in public about the dispute that broke out after the chinese grand prix. hamilton was particularly strident saying that the difference is that he is a ` racer ' and rosberg is not. lewis hamilton -lrb- right -rrb- and nico rosberg have both had their say on sunday 's chinese grand prix.
puppies spend their time discovering the world with more enthusiasm than any human could muster. and an english bulldog named hazel is no exception to this rule , as demonstrated in her attempts to get the better of a washing basket. filmed in a front room , the video begins erratically with the dog flying through the air and jumping onto the basket , which sits on its side. the video begins with the dog rather erratically jumping onto the basket and forcing in onto its base. with its weight the dog forces the basket over onto its base and lands inside it , before quickly
charles kane -lrb- above -rrb- was arrested thursday as he met up with a 14-year-old girl for sex. a married band teacher with two young daughters was arrested as he tried to meet an underage girl for sex. charles kane of spencerport , new york had communicated with the girl online after posting a craigslist ad seeking a young girl for a daddy/daughter relationship and showed up to meet her at a local theater. he was arrested when he arrived at the theater with a full box of condoms as the young girl was in fact an undercover police officer. cbs 8 reports that authorities first took notice of kane , 46 , when he posted an ad last october that said
a young woman who ate just 10 calories a day while in the grip of anorexia has spoken of how she fought her way back from the brink of death. beth hall , 24 , from cambridge , plummeted to a tiny 4st 13lb after battling the horrific eating disorder since her teenage years - while working in a chocolate shop. tormented by bullies at school , she began a strict diet regime at the age of 16 , living off nothing more than black tea and coffee. determined to lose weight , she would often go for up to three days without eating a single thing. but after years of turmoil , she was finally admitted to an eating disorder clinic. and after making a
the muslim man who was racially abused along with his wife has thanked the ` legend ' woman who stood up for them and recorded the attack. stacey eden , 23 , stood up for the muslim woman and her partner after witnessing the ranter ` bullying ' the sydney commuter on an airport line train about 1.40 pm on wednesday. ms eden switched on the video camera on her mobile phone to record the vile rant before rushing to muslim couple 's defence with a fiery spray notably absent of any swearing. scroll down for video. not going to take it anymore : stacey eden -lrb- pictured -rrb- made a bold stand
formula one star jenson button completed the london marathon with an impressive time of two hours , 52 minutes and 30 seconds. the 35-year-old mclaren driver told the bbc he was ` chuffed to bits ' with his performance , but joked he was disappointed to finish behind former olympic rower james cracknell. he added , ` there was such an amazing atmosphere out there. ' formula one driver jenson button celebrates completing the london marathon 2015 in under three hours. button praised the ` amazing atmosphere ' and collective spirit of the runners at the event. button was running on behalf of the charity cancer research and was really
it 's the summer hang out of choice for hiltons , jenners , supermodels and many others with a money-is-no-object lifestyle , so it 's no wonder coachella hits the hip pocket hard. those lucky enough to snag a ticket to the star-studded -- on and off the stage - coachella valley music and arts festival at the empire polo club in indio , california , which runs for its second weekend from april 17-19 , are spending more than any other major festival goers. while checking out headliners such as ac/dc , jack white , florence and the machine and madonna
there may have been a few disgruntled lap swimmers at bondi on thursday. the daily visitors to the iconic icebergs club were forced to take their exercise back to the beach as their beloved pool was drained for the fashion folk. the empty pool was used as the unusual catwalk setting for the ten pieces presentation as part of mercedes-benz fashion week australia. scroll down for video. no diving ! bondi 's icebergs club pool was drained on thursday to create a unique catwalk for mercedes-benz fashion week australia. catwalk with a view : crowds gathered to take in the show from the balcony of the iconic club. walk
she 's the queen of reinvention who has tried her hand at many a field outside her record-breaking pop career , from acting to business and philanthropy. she 's even opened a chain of gyms. but the consensus seems to be in on madonna 's turn at comedy : she 's just not funny. the 56-year-old , who describes herself as a ` closet comedian ' , has been lambasted for her first-ever stand-up routine while taking over the tonight show starring jimmy fallon on thursday. scroll down for video. awkward : madonna performs a stand-up on the tonight show starring jimmy fallon on thursday , however the routine did not go down too well. giuseppe zanotti concealed wedge heel hi-top sneakers. buy them now at farfetch !
hannah mcwhirter -lrb- pictured -rrb- engaged in the threesome with a co-worker and her husband but when her boyfriend found out said she was raped. a woman accused a married couple of rape after her boyfriend found out she had a threesome with them in a travelodge hotel room. hannah mcwhirter , 21 , of banff , aberdeenshire , engaged in the ménage a trois with co-worker dionne clark and her husband shaun in july 2013. she even exchanged texts with the couple after their threesome telling them how much she enjoyed herself. but when mr clark told the john lewis department store worker 's boyfriend about their hookup she claimed she had been raped.
his neighbors would n't let him build a film studio. so george lucas is retaliating in a way that only the cream of hollywood could - by building the largest affordable housing development in the area. the complex of affordable housing , funded and designed by the star wars director , would provide homes to 224 low-income families. and there 's very little his fellow bay area residents can do about it. scroll down for video. making waves : george lucas has unveiled plans to build an affordable housing complex on the plot of land in lucas valley , bay area , which his neighbors are determined to leave untouched. lucas
a defence of his crown will be a priority for grand national hero many clouds next season , and trainer oliver sherwood has also floated the possibility of a rematch with his cheltenham gold cup conqueror coneygree in newbury 's hennessy gold cup. that race in november has already been identified as a likely target for coneygree and , even allowing for a rise in his handicap mark , many clouds would receive weight from his rival. with 11st 9lb on his back , leighton aspell 's mount carried the biggest weight to victory on saturday since red rum won his second national in 1974 at under 12st. many clouds ,
when gareth silk let his five friends plan a stag do , he might have imagined it would involve pranks , costumes and drinking - but denim hotpants and heels were far from his thoughts. little did he realise his friends from cwmbran , south wales , were inspired by the hilarious money supermarket advert , featuring a man dressed in shirt and jacket from the waist up and tight booty shorts and stilettos from the waist down. when the men in their matching outfits walked down the street in benidorm , spain , they earned cheers , clapping and even policemen driving past waved and laughed.
in a world where online shopping is king , toshiba hopes technology can change the in store experience - with a robo-assistant. the firm 's humanoid robot is set to start work at the information desk of a department store in tokyo to help customers find their way around. the female-looking robot , named aiko chihira , will only speak japanese - but she is also capable of sign language. scroll down for video. toshiba 's humanoid robot known as aiko chihira , is set to start work at the information desk of a department store in tokyo. chihira in the work outfit created for the robot. however , chihira is unlikely to
it could have easily been passed off as an april fool 's day joke , but for one couple winning the # 53million euromillions jackpot was a reality. richard and angela maxwell , from coningsby in lincolnshire , became 10th on the national lottery rich list after they scooped # 53,193,914 on the draw on tuesday. the couple , both 67 , so far have only modest plans for what to do with the huge windfall - with mr maxwell planning to retire and play bowls. scroll down for video. richard and angela maxwell from lincolnshire have become the 10th biggest british winners of euromillions. mrs maxwell said she thought her husband was playing an april fools ' day joke on her when he told her. the semi-retired
rangers have been fined # 5,500 by the scottish football association after admitting the previous board breached ` dual ownership ' rules by allowing newcastle chief mike ashley into ibrox. the sports direct tycoon owns 9.82 per cent of the glasgow giants but is prohibited from going over 10 per cent by an agreement struck with hampden chiefs designed to limit his power at ibrox. but that did not stop ashley exerting influence. two of his closest associates - derek llambias and barry leach - sat as directors until king forced them out at last month 's general meeting. newcastle owner mike ashley bought a 9.8 per cent stake
the aboriginal teenager who was arrested after anti-terror raids in melbourne on saturday has complained he was a victim of police brutality. eathan cruse , 19 , one of the five men taken into custody after raids on saturday morning , said officers assaulted him after he had been handcuffed. ` he grabbed me , handcuffs me , is like ` what 's your name ? ' ... and i said eathan , ' the man told nine news. scroll down for video. eathan cruse , 19 , one of the five men taken into custody after raids on saturday morning , said officers assaulted him after he had been handcuffed.
curtly 's war cry. west indies received an animated pep talk from bowling coach and legendary paceman curtly ambrose. ambrose , who terrorised many a batsman during the 1990s , looked to have roused his charges as they took five for 58 in the morning session. but alastair cook and co will be happy to see the big man beyond the boundary rope rather than thundering down the wicket towards them himself. curtly ambrose 's pep talk to west indies bowlers must have worked on day two as they rolled over the tail. battling jordan. england 's ninth man in chris jordan played out an interesting duel with former barbados team-mate justin holder - a close-fought battle which yielded nine runs from
a top television producer is suing his ex-wife for more than # 300,000 , claiming that she lied to him about being the father of her son. chris lewis , 68 , has brought the unusual court case against 48-year-old former wife nicola over the child he helped raise as his own for 17 years. in court documents he claims mrs lewis had sex with another man only a few months into their marriage , but did not tell him. she had a child -- charlie , now 19 -- as a result but led him to believe the boy was his , he argues. suing ex-wife : chris lewis ,
garissa , kenya -lrb- cnn -rrb- freshly laundered clothes still hang friday in the dormitory at garissa university college. stuffed animals remain in one room. on the wall in another hangs a poster on proper preparation for muslim prayer. these small reminders of college life at this kenyan school belie the horror of what happened here : the slaughter of at least 147 people , many of them students who lived in this building. on friday afternoon , more than 36 hours after the attack , investigators and kenya red cross crews were finishing up the task of removing the bodies of dead students. the corpses of four al-shabaab attackers -- dressed head to toe in black and still clutching
most dog owners would say they were dedicated to their pets. but dave rickard and his wife brenda are so devoted to their west highland terrier daisy that they did n't think twice about giving her the kiss of life after she was feared to have drowned. mr rickard , 72 , and his wife brenda , 67 , were on holiday when daisy fell 10ft from a quay into the sea. very quickly the strong currents began to pull her under. dave rickard , 72 , and his wife brenda , 67 , with their beloved west highland terrier daisy. mr rickard , a retired industrial engineer , said :
an italian activist and artist has asked women to express their thoughts on gender violence by writing them down - on their underwear. in what kind of man are you ? , alexsandro palombo is hoping to send out a more serious message with his latest work , as he asks women to share their thoughts on machismo by writing them on pairs of pants and sharing via social media. in the #briefmessage campaign , women hold up their often hard-hitting statements to the camera , sometimes staring boldly into the lens , and sometimes hiding behind the knickers. italian activist and artist alexsandro palombo has turned his hand to photography for his latest project , ` what kind of man are you ? ' the illustrator is hoping to send out a more serious
-lrb- cnn -rrb- so now the real trial is underway : what does the surviving boston marathon bomber , dzhokhar tsarnaev , deserve and why ? what 's he likely to get and why ? let 's start where the penalty phase starts , with the prosecution 's case. prosecutors have listed , as they must , the aggravating circumstances that make this horrific mass murderer deserve the harshest punishment. the killing was `` heinous , cruel and depraved. '' he placed a bomb in a crowd , set it to kill and maim children and adults indiscriminately -- if that 's not
-lrb- cnn -rrb- a mom furious at her son for apparently taking part in the baltimore riots has become a sensation online. in video captured by cnn affiliate wmar , the woman is seen pulling her masked son away from a crowd , smacking him in the head repeatedly , and screaming at him. as he tries to walk away , she follows him , screaming , `` get the f -- over here ! '' eventually , he turns toward her , his face no longer covered. the boy is dressed in dark pants and a black
the producers of the tv show made in chelsea pride themselves on featuring some of the poshest young ladies and gentleman in london. but even by their standards , mark-francis vandelli is well-to-do - the privately educated son of a multimillionaire industrialist and model would n't have to work a day in his life if he chose not to. but if you were n't already envious of the reality star , he has now opened up his watch collection to the evening standard , showing off some of the 16 eye-wateringly expensive timepieces that he has been collecting since his teens. scroll down for video. made in chelsea star mark-francis vandelli is a keen collector
justin rose will try to take a leaf out of rory mcilroy 's book after kickstarting his season with his share of second place in the masters. rose arrived at augusta national having missed the cut in three of his previous five tournaments on the pga tour , but left with renewed enthusiasm and a 14-under-par total which has only been bettered six times in masters history. ` i 'm really excited about the rest of the year now. it 's a good momentum starter for me , ' said rose , who was looking to become the first european player to win the us open and masters. justin rose was unable to
zero-hours worker ? university john-jo pierce enjoys a cigar. labour 's efforts to fight off accusations of hypocrisy on zero-hours contracts were in chaos last night. party chiefs had scrambled to shore up support for ed miliband after it emerged that dozens of labour councils and mps employ staff on the controversial contracts , which he has pledged to ban. in a further blow , parliament 's expenses watchdog rejected claims by labour mps that they employ staff on zero hours only because they are forced to by the westminster system. and labour 's biggest donor unite also lost a humiliating tribunal ruling over an employee who claims he was sacked
the ultimate supercar sales pitch ? can i sell you a car for your wife as well as your girlfriend ? it may sound more like the kind of line once uttered by used-car salesman arthur daley but such is the wealth of a new breed of rich who are buying up ferraris , lamborghinis and porsches , that it 's not an unfeasible question. a new channel 4 series shines a light on the uk 's billion-pound supercar industry , where some of the best salespeople can turn over millions of pounds of profit every year. scroll down for video. a woman in
-lrb- cnn -rrb- over the last few years , we 've been close to eradicating worldwide polio without full success. however , a new medical technology , an easily applied microneedle patch , could be the key to that goal. the biggest challenge standing in the way of eradicating polio has involved the operational logistics of getting the vaccine to people who need it , especially in difficult areas plagued by violence or poverty. the microneedle patch , which resembles a small , round adhesive bandage , could bring polio vaccines to the doorsteps of the people that need it. by applying it to the skin and pushing down , the vaccine is delivered in a matter of minutes. rather
the devastated husband of a woman who drowned in a ` freak ' snorkelling accident has posted a heartbreaking tribute to her on facebook. teresa swarbrick , known affectionately to her friends and family as etch , died on april 8 after reportedly getting into trouble in the water near julian rocks off the coast of byron bay in nsw. the mother of two , from western sydney , was caught in strong currents and lost consciousness before being pulled from the water. lifeguards and paramedics were unable to revive her with cpr. mrs swarbrick 's husband alan posted on her facebook page : ` hello to all of etch 's beautiful facebook friends and family. this message is from teresa 's husband alan and is
-lrb- cnn -rrb- pop star taylor swift , who has built an intense bond with her fans by sharing personal details of her life , revealed some sobering news thursday : her mother has cancer. the singer did not divulge the nature or severity of the cancer , saying `` i 'd like to keep the details of her condition and treatment plans private. '' andrea swift , 57 , who years ago quit her job as a mutual fund marketing executive to raise swift and swift 's younger brother , austin , has joined her famous daughter on tour and in several of her videos. in
liverpool goalkeeper simon mignolet has revealed how his mental strength helped him recover after being dropped last december. mignolet was dropped ` indefinitely ' by manager brendan rodgers in december after a poor run of form but quickly returned after brad jones sustained a thigh injury. and the 27-year-old belgian told how he tried to remain upbeat despite the disappointment at being axed. simon mignolet has revealed how his mental strength helped him recover after being dropped. mignolet -lrb- second right -rrb- makes a save from a free kick during a league match against swansea last month. mignolet told fourfourtwo : ' i
the queen has dropped out of the list of the 300 richest people in britain for the first time , it emerged yesterday. although her wealth has increased year-on-year , her assets have been dwarfed by hundreds of financiers and businessmen. britain 's super-rich are now more than twice as rich as they were in 2009 , despite the catastrophic economic crisis. queen elizabeth ii , pictured at westminster abbey yesterday. she placed 302nd on the sunday times rich list with a wealth of # 340m , compared with 285th last year and putting her outside of the top 300 for the first time. len blavatnick , pictured left with his wife
a french bus driver has proposed putting on a separate service for roma passengers - because the ` unbearable ' smell is a health risk to everyone on board. dominique granier sparked outrage after he suggested putting on a service specifically for people travelling from a roma encampment next to a cemetery into the centre of montpellier , in the south of france. but while his comments were immediately met with horror by some , the bus company tam has taken his comments seriously and is said to have ` outsourced ' part of the route. odour : the smell on route 9 in montpellier is said to be `
-lrb- cnn -rrb- you might call her a watchdog , because this boston area doberman really has a thing for timepieces. she recently ate three. last thursday , jeff courcelle came home from work to find 5-year-old mocha -- a pure bred fawn-colored doberman pincher -- hovering over a pile of screws , metal pieces , three watch heads and some chewed leather straps. `` my husband , who 's the most calm person that i know , called me up and said , ` i 'm not quite sure if i should panic , ' '' said courcelle 's wife , michele parkinson. the 80-pound doberman
the tsa got to keep $ 675,000 in spare change dropped by travellers at airport security last year. over the past five years , airline passengers have left behind more than $ 2.7 million in quarters and dimes. and the funds collected appear to be increasing every year , according to figures from the transportation security administration. the funds collected by the tsa appear to be increasing every year , according to figures from the transportation security administration. last year the tsa were allowed to keep $ 675,000 in spare change - almost double what was collected in 2008 at $ 383,414 ,. the sum
they may be known as masters of disguise , but this little owl could n't conceal his jealousy as he desperately tried to interrupt a brotherly cuddle between his two siblings. as his two siblings settled down to have a rest on their tiny perch , the needy owlet was spotted tactfully creeping along a tree branch before tugging at one of his brother 's wing. the little owl 's sibling rivalry then gets the better of him , as he swoops under his sibling 's wing , prompting an amusing game of tug-of-war. the scene was photographed from just six metres away by 48-year-old dean mason who
for those who like their plot lines thick and brimming with intrigue , steering clear of paisley last night seemed the judicious option. a celtic side with the scent of the treble in their nostrils facing a st mirren outfit badly in danger of entering free-fall scarcely looked like a recipe for a friday-night thriller. and yet , for all ronny deila 's side prevailed in the end , this scrap provided compelling evidence that they wo n't simply be given a free ride towards a fourth successive title in the coming weeks. celtic winger kris commons -lrb- right -rrb- has a shot on goal during the spl match against
a czech politician says he has created an entirely new country by claiming three-square-mile patch of land along the croatia-serbia border that neither country claims is theirs. vit jedlicka , 31 , a member of the czech republic 's conservative party of free citizens , is the self-declared president of ` liberland ' , which is located on the banks of the danube river. the land making up the so-called ` micronation ' was apparently forgotten when the balkan peninsula which split into new countries following the breakup of yugoslavia in the 1990s. mr jedlicka says that under international law he is now entitled to take control of the apparently ` unclaimed ' territory '. hope : if liberland
cigars may be more harmful to smokers than cigarettes , researchers warned yesterday. the news comes as cigar use rises in the us , where the study was carried out , and cigarette smoking declines. alarmingly , more young people appear to be taking up cigars thanks to new ranges of flavoured ones. researchers have warned that cigars may be more harmful to smokers than cigarettes. they found the risk for cigar smokers of dying from oral , oesophageal or lung cancer was at least as bad as for cigarettes. cigar consumption more than doubled from 6.2 billion in 2000 to more than 13.7 billion in 2011 -- in contrast with a 33 per cent fall for cigarettes. researchers analysed 22 studies , including five from britain , and found the risks for cigar
clothing that features slogans joking about stalking has been slammed by the suzy lamplugh trust , a london-based charity which aims to ` make society a safer place '. a number of online retailers stock the offending garments , which feature phrases such as ' i heart my stalker ' and ` some people call it stalking. i call it love ! ' according to the slt , the t-shirts mock a serious issue which affects one in six women , and play into people 's fear of being laughed at , which prevents victims from seeking help to deal with stalkers and puts them at a higher risk of being attacked. scroll down for video. funny ? a selection of t-shirts -lrb- pictured -rrb- branded with
last weekend , after a sunny day in the borders , i posted this picture of myself on twitter with the caption ` just met nicola sturgeon lookalike out canvassing ! ' i admit , it was n't a particularly funny joke , but i had no idea of the outrage my light-hearted comment would provoke from the devoted followers of scotland 's first minister and the leader of the snp. i was called ugly , vile , ` someone who deserves to die ' , and one wit even ` hoped i would catch malaria '. in all , i 've probably received more than 600 insults , and two days later they 're still coming. luckily , i 've got a thick skin , but
three more of hillary clinton 's ` everyday americans ' have been revealed to have strong links to the democrat party - including one who could be set to support a rival bid for the white house. julie stauch and married couple sean bagniewski and vidhya reddy all appear in on the video announcing clinton 's 2016 bid. they are part of a diverse group of people - from young mothers and people preparing for retirement , to spanish-speaking brothers preparing to start a business and an asian-american college graduate looking for her first job - chosen to show aspirational citizens as clinton looks to speak to to
the search for a missing 15-year-old girl in ohio who ran away from home on her bike early sunday morning has ended after she was found in the same town safe and sound monday afternoon. details about where lauren york was during her more than 24 hours missing were not detailed by police. ` update : my daughter lauren york has been found. we are all praising god , ' her mother grace york posted on facebook monday afternoon. lauren 's parents believe she left their home in north ridgeville around 4am , and first noticed she was missing when they
the tears have dried but for how long ? it 's been almost a year to the day since darrell clarke cracked in front of the cameras as he explained how bristol rovers fell out of the football league for the first time since 1920. if he had spent the entire press conference scratching his head in silence no-one would have blamed him. the circumstances were extraordinary ; the chance they have on saturday for quick redemption is made all the more fascinating because of what happened in that crazy finale. rovers had spent less than an hour in the league two relegation zone all season but , crucially , it was the last hour of the campaign. the music stopped , mansfield had beaten
when she was 15 weeks pregnant with her fifth child , clare van santen was told she had breast cancer. ' i was pregnant with elijah when i found out that i had breast cancer , so it was a bit scary wondering what was going to happen with the pregnancy and the other kids , ' ms van santen told daily mail australia. after undergoing a specific chemotherapy regime which had been found to have no negative impact on unborn children , and having a mastectomy , her son was born happy and most importantly , healthy. ` he had a full head of hair when he
it 's every interviewer 's worst nightmare. ask the wrong question and you find your interviewee walking out on you mid sentence. which is exactly what happened when channel 4 news presenter krishnan guru-murthy tried to ask the actor robert downey jr about his drug-taking past. after questioning the 50-year-old actor as to whether he had managed to fight his demons the actor said : ` i 'm sorry , i really do n't ... what are we doing ? ' before walking out of the interview. channel 4 presenter krishnan guru-murthy looks bemused as robert downey junior walks out on an interview with him after the journalist asked him about his personal life. in the footage of
a new video of rihanna at the coachella music festival appears to show the star preparing a suspicious substance and holding her nose. the clip , posted on instagram and quickly deleted , show the 27-year-old singer sitting at a table with what looks like a slim white tube in her hands as her pals dance around her. after the camera cuts to her friends , it then pans back to rihanna holding her nose for several seconds. scroll down for videos. what 's going on ? in this video , posted to instagram , rihanna can be seen holding a suspicious object. something to tell us
pep guardiola hit his critics for six as bayern munich trounced porto to reach the champions league semi-finals on tuesday night. it was an emphatic statement of intent : the german juggernaught is steaming towards the final in berlin on june 6. the six goals smashed past the hapless portuguese pretenders in the quarter-final second leg at the allianz arena now takes bayern 's goals total for the season to a spectacular and barely believable 115. and they 're not done yet , not by a long way. bayern still have five bundesliga matches to play as they march towards a third consecutive title , the german cup semi-final against borussia dortmund on april 28 , and potentially three champions league matches , should
i hope when you were sitting at home in front of your tellies looking forward to the latest instalment of the arsene vs jose show that you remembered all important thing : this classic managerial match-up is no capital club sprint , it 's a london derby marathon. and yes , it might well have been entertaining to see the pair - one dressed as a clown , say , and the other a superhero - having it out on the streets while crammy and brendan told us some fascinating facts about historical landmarks. perhaps they can do that next year ? this year ,
-lrb- cnn -rrb- it is not hard to imagine the conversations inside the hillary clinton camp prelaunch : how do we take the best known woman in the world and make her seem like less of a big shot ? how can the people in iowa and new hampshire get to know the `` real hillary , '' the midwestern methodist ? -lrb- as a friend told me , she 's someone who `` likes to sing ` god bless america ' on new year 's eve. '' -rrb- and how to open the minds of people about someone everyone already has an opinion about ? same questions , no doubt , that the staff asked in 2008 when she ran against the newbie barack obama ,
floyd mayweather dismissed conor mcgregor 's recent comments about being able to ` kill ' the boxer inside 30 seconds - claiming he is just being a publicity hound. with under two weeks to go until his $ 300milllion fight with manny pacquiao , the undefeated champion claims that the irish ufc star is just looking to gain some attention off the back of the media frenzy surrounding the fight. he told tmz sports : ' i do n't take that dude seriously. he 's just trying to get himself some publicity. ' conor mcgregor showed off his expensive bmw 640i m sport convertible on his latest instagram post. mcgregor fights jose aldo on july 11 , as his metaphoric rise in the ufc
as if it was n't bad enough having a job that involves routinely entering strangers ' homes , these estate agents may have just been put off for life. as a part of sky living 's promotion for its upcoming three-part drama , the enfield haunting , real london estate agents were invited to value a house in a viral video. what they did n't know , is that the house had been rigged with special effects to give the appearance of being possessed by a ghost. london estate agents were invited to a fake haunted house , where they were subject to terrifying pranks. installed with
catania , italy -lrb- cnn -rrb- the boat that sank in the mediterranean over the weekend with hundreds of migrants on board may have capsized after being touched or swamped by a cargo ship that came to its aid , a u.n. official said. carlotta asami , a spokeswoman for the united nations ' refugee agency , made the comments to cnn early tuesday after she and two of her colleagues had spoken to multiple survivors from the disaster who arrived in catania , italy. `` they say that there was a point in which they were very close and probably what happened is that , you know , a big ship creating a big wave -- they were
bbc presenter charlie stayt has been blasted after he misspelt the word ` education ' during a live report on the issue. viewers took to twitter to complain after he missed out the letter ` c ' when he scrawled the word on a whiteboard at a primary school in southampton , hampshire. viewer hardy lion tweeted : ' #bbcbreakfast ha ha spelt education wrong !!! back to school ! ' back to school : eagle-eyed viewers spotted charlie stayt 's embarrassing spelling error during a live broadcast. the presenter left out the letter ` c ' when he wrote the word for the third time on the whiteboard this morning. the presenter later described the gaffe as ` one of those things , ' after being alerted to
all smiles : sanjay chaddah outside court yesterday. a property developer who falsely accused his neighbour 's son-in-law of a racist assault in a row over a new driveway smirked yesterday as he walked free from court. sanjay chaddah concocted a 't issue of lies ' , claiming dean paton had kicked him and called him a ` p ** i ' following the 18-month boundary dispute in a genteel village in the wirral. but the move backfired when police discovered that the altercation had been caught on cctv and cleared mr paton of any wrongdoing. yesterday chaddah , 43 , who claimed he was suffering from post-traumatic stress , punched the air with delight as he strolled free from court after being given a
curtis stone 's image has always been of the affable aussie who loves to cook , but when it comes to his kids there 's some food that he just wo n't allow them to eat no matter what. the celebrity chef , who lives in los angeles with his actress wife lindsay price and their two boys , hudson aged three and seven-month-old emerson , is not about to let junk food pass their mouths. ` someone said to me on a tv show in america `' but how do you stop your kid from eating hot dogs ? '' i 'm like that 's pretty easy ,
-lrb- cnn -rrb- caught up in a rip current while snorkeling at finn 's beach in bali , roxy walsh was holding on to some rocks when she spotted something special. engraved with the words , `` darling joe , happy 70th birthday 2009. love jenny , '' the antique ring lodged in the rocks clearly meant something to both joe and jenny. but there were no other clues -lrb- besides the fact that the words were written in english -rrb- as to where the couple might live. when she returned home to palm beach , australia , walsh was determined
ed miliband was accused of ` offensive ' behaviour ` touching on racism ' by a sikh community leader yesterday after banning journalists from a place of worship. the labour leader visited the gurdwara -- a sikh temple -- during a campaign tour of the midlands on wednesday. but his team banned national media journalists from the event -- despite the fact that gurdwaras are traditionally open to all. worshippers were also banned from using cameras and phones to take pictures of the labour leader , who had donned a red head-covering to comply with sikh customs. scroll down for video. behind closed
` evil ' : the duchess of cambridge 's uncle gary goldsmith took to twitter after his beloved chihuahua cheech was run over by a ` speeding ' cyclist in regents park. the duchess of cambridge 's uncle hit out yesterday at a ` speeding ' cyclist who ran over his dog and ` left him for dead '. gary goldsmith , the controversial brother of kate 's mother , carole middleton , posted a picture of the alleged culprit who hit his chihuahua , cheech , on social media. his accompanying message included the words : ` evil s *** ... coming to get ya. ' the flamboyant millionaire businessman , who was once caught up in a tabloid sting in which he was alleged to have offered a reporter drugs
with two personal maids and travel by private jet , choupette is by far the world 's most pampered pet. and , it now appears the three-year-old cat belonging to karl lagerfeld is also the richest. the fashion designer has revealed his white siamese earned # 2.18 million last year - that 's just # 220,000 less than cara delevingne , one of the world 's top models , who took home # 2.4 million. scroll down for video. karl lagerfeld , 82 , with three-year-old siamese choupette , who has earned # 2million from tv appearances. last year choupette earned nearly as much as cara delevingne , despite only doing two
your wedding is fast approaching and , as a last hurrah , you decide to celebrate in the most extravagant way possible - with a trip to ` space vegas '. here even a ` poor space miner can maybe strike it lucky at the zero-g roulette tables '. that 's the fantastic future imagined by one artist , whose awe-inspiring drawings of a next-generation space station in orbit reveal what space travel may one day look like. taking one of several imaginative space planes , in this future timeline you 'll be partying to your heart 's content in an orbital extravaganza. concept artist alex brady from cambridge has created beautiful pictures of
children caught throwing rocks at police in the northern territory will be removed from their families if their parents do n't ` get off the grog ' and bring them home , the local government has warned. the northern territory 's chief minister adam giles and minister for children and families john elferink made the threat after a recent rise in youth crime in alice springs surrounding the easter holidays. ` i 'm giving the parents of the children responsible for this spate of violence a very clear message. get your kids off the streets. get them back to communities and
a policeman has ploughed a lone furrow after ten years as one of the most remotely stationed officers in australia. later this year senior constable neale mcshane is set to retire from his decade long post in the harsh region of birdsville , which borders on the simpson desert in far south-west queensland. the 59-year-old has spent 40 years as an officer in three different states , but he told daily mail australia that nothing compares to the immense heat and desolate conditions of patrolling birsdville , which has a jurisdiction of about the size of the united kingdom. ` there 's nothing
-lrb- cnn -rrb- after deliberating for more than 35 hours over parts of seven days , listening intently to the testimony of more than 130 witnesses and reviewing more than 400 pieces of evidence , the teary-eyed men and women of the jury exchanged embraces. since late january , their work in the massachusetts murder trial of former nfl star aaron hernandez had consumed their lives. it was nothing like `` law & order. '' the days were long and tedious. now it was over. `` it 's been an incredibly emotional toll on all of us , '' lesa strachan told cnn 's anderson cooper
the number plate that got jeremy clarkson and his former top gear colleagues harangued out of argentina was a direct reference to the falklands war , a judge has ruled. while the bbc claimed the plate , which read h982 fkl , was an ` unhappy coincidence ' , maria cristina barrionuevo said they were deliberately ` provoking people ' when they drove it through the country last year. in a report released earlier this week she slammed their actions as ` arrogant and disrespectful '. scroll down for video. a judge has ruled the controversial number plate that led to jeremy clarkson and his
victim : dr martin luther king. the fbi repeatedly deceived congress by destroying vital files relating to the assassination of martin luther king , a new book claims. leading king historian stuart wexler said that the bureau chose to cover up the potential role of a high level informant in the killing rather than tell the truth. wexler said that it could have been one of the greatest scandals in the history of the fbi - but now we may never know what happened. by destroying the files the fbi disobeyed a direct order not to do so from a congressional committee which had been set up to investigate the killing of king and former president john f kennedy. wexler
every one of africa 's 54 member countries will vote for sepp blatter in next month 's fifa presidential election , the continent 's soccer boss said on tuesday , referring to the 79-year-old swiss as ` dear sepp. ' in front of blatter 's three challengers , issa hayatou , president of the confederation of african football , promised unanimous support in his speech to open caf 's annual congress in cairo. ` africa is comfortable having you. africa stays with you , ' hayatou said , according to a transcript of his comments provided by caf. sepp blatter -lrb- left -rrb- has received the full backing of african football 's
ahead of another weekend in the barclays premier league , sportsmail brings you the latest squad news , odds and stats on every top flight fixture as it breaks. simply click on your team in the fixture list below to find out who is ruled out and who is making a return as well as all the key statistics surrounding your club 's fixture. in or out ? keep up-to-date with all the latest team news and stats ahead of the premier league weekend. saturday. arsenal vs liverpool -lrb- 12.45 pm -rrb-. everton vs southampton -lrb- 3pm -rrb-. leicester city vs west ham united -lrb- 3pm
the diversity of life on earth is increasing despite dire warnings that the planet is facing a mass extinction , a leading writer has claimed. stewart brand , president of the long now foundation and editor of the whole earth catalogue , believes the focus on widespread extinctions may actually be harmful. instead he argues it is highly unlikely that the planet is facing a sixth mass extinction as many threatened species are recovering. this chart shows the increase in marine biodiversity from the fossil record and the five mass extinction events. his views are likely to be controversial with conservationists who have been warning that human activities risk killing off a large proportion of species on earth
judges have caused controversy by ordering that the parents of nine children involved in plots to travel to syria should have their identities hidden. they include three terror suspects who have all previously been named but now can not be identified to protect their youngsters from the glare of publicity. also among the parents are a couple who lied to the authorities about losing their daughter 's passport. scroll down for video. all smiles : waheed ahmed , son of labour councillor shakil ahmed , after being held on the syrian border. critics argue that the parents should be named because they could be extremists and therefore a risk to other members of the public. one case involves a family of nine britons -- three men , two
the huge build-up to england women 's under 19 replay against norway was truly bizarre and unprecedented. and it was a game only supposed to last for 18 seconds. leah williamson held incredible nerve to retake a penalty which she ought to have taken on saturday , were it not for german referee marjia kurtes ' terrific blunder. kurtes disallowed williamson 's penalty for encroachment from england players at the weekend , but instead of ordering her back to the spot , awarded a free-kick to norway. leah williamson -lrb- centre -rrb- stepped up again to take the penalty during the 18-second rematch against norway. williamson went
an indian woman who holds several awards for the extreme length of her hair has ambitions of one day becoming a guinness world record holder. smita srivastava , of allahabad , in the indian state of uttar pradesh , currently holds the record for having the longest hair in india -- documented at 6ft -lrb- 1.8 m -rrb- in the limca book of records. her hair now stands at 7ft -lrb- 2.1 m -rrb- -- more than three inches longer than the height of the average basketball player. smita srivastava currently holds the record for having the longest hair in india , documented in the limca book of
the founder and ceo of chobani has settled a lawsuit filed by his ex-wife , who laid claim to half the $ 2 billion greek yogurt empire. hamdi ulukaya was once a turkish immigrant with dreams of making it big in the u.s. food industry. his american-born ex , dr. ayse giray , sued him in 2012 on claims her family lent him $ 500,000 that helped make his dreams a reality. on april 10 , after years of wrangling and a pronouncement by giray 's camp just last month that the parties were no where near an agreement , ulukaya settled for an unknown sum. settled : hamdi ulukaya , the founder and ceo of chobani , has settled a lawsuit filed
unite baron len mccluskey has boasted that trade unions ` own ' the labour party and its policies. ` the labour party is our party. we built it , to serve us ' , he declared and went on to say : ` these are our policies ... they are now within our grasp. ' the boast comes only 24 hours after alex salmond bragged that he would be writing labour 's budget. the arrogant claim by the former scottish first minister , who is running as an snp candidate , was featured on the front page of yesterday 's mail. unite boss len mccluskey , pictured , boasted that the trade
ahead of the 79th edition of the masters , sportsmail counts down the 20 greatest shots ever seen at augusta national golf club. here are nos 20-11. mark o'meara celebrates his winning putt in 1998. 20 mark o'meara , 1998. aged 41 , mark o'meara 's chances of a major championship appeared to have gone despite a fine career and many victories on the pga tour. but o'meara shot two birdies in three holes from the 15th on sunday and a good approach into the 18th left him with a 20-footer to beat david duval and fred couples. in the manner of his great friend
beach-goers were faced with a different kind of sea creature when they entered the water at victoria 's picturesque rye beach last week - a swimming echidna ! the prickly australian mammal was filmed paddling out to sea in the turquoise waters off the mornington peninsula , 83 km south of melbourne. where it was heading , is anyone 's guess. scroll down for video. this echidna was spotted paddling out to sea off rye beach , a popular surfing and fishing spot on victoria 's mornington peninsula. the video of the swimming echidna , which looks to be happily using its ant-eating snout as a snorkel
it is the biggest culinary question which divides the westcountry : when eating a scone , do you add jam or cream first ? today david cameron waded into the long-running dispute , and quickly got into a muddle about the devon and cornish way of eating a cream tea. the prime minister made the gaffe on a campaign visit to devon , before risking the wrath of purists by claiming ` it all tastes the same '. scroll down for video. david cameron , on a visit to devon this morning , made the blunder of confusing the two methods for eating a cream tea. how do you eat your scone ? how do you eat your scone
april 8 , 2015. after a report on headlines concerning the u.s. and cuba , cnn student news gives some perspective on california 's historic drought : its effects are becoming more likely to ripple across the nation. there 's been a flu outbreak in chicago -- but not one that affects humans. and a proposed tunnel would connect denmark and germany via an undersea road and rail line. on this page you will find today 's show transcript and a place for you to request to be on the cnn student news roll call. transcript. click here to access the transcript of today 's cnn student news program. please note
rescue workers tasked with freeing almost 100 dogs that had been kept locked up in a blacked-out barn in tennessee this week say they were met with fear when approaching the animals , but not their own. ` they had been suffering a very long time. i saw little to no emotion , and when i did see an emotion , i saw fear , ' said scotlund haisley , president of animal rescue corps , which led the rescue operation. the dogs , who had been living in complete darkness , were found last saturday in the barn in manchester ; many emaciated , ` living in several inches
china 's ding junhui suffered a bizarre lapse of concentration which ended his chance of a rare maximum 147 break at the world snooker championship on tuesday. ding potted 12 reds and 12 blacks to rack up 96 points but after knocking in the 13th red he screwed back up the table to get position on the blue. the world no 3 suddenly realised what he had done and held his head in his hands before starting to giggle along with his first-round opponent mark davis. ding jinhui was on for a maxumum break of
louis jordan , 37 , released a three-paragraph statement on monday in which he said he stayed inside his cabin to keep dry and avoid sun , wind , waves and sea spray during his ordeal. the man rescued from a disabled sailboat off the north carolina coast has responded to critics of his story by claiming that he avoided sunburn and blisters by staying in the vessel 's cabin and that he survived by rationing food and water. louis lordan released a three-paragraph statement on monday in whcih he said he stayed inside the cabin to keep dry and avoid sun , wind , waves and sea spray. ` every time i went
the world 's oldest person has died a few weeks after celebrating her 117th birthday - after saying her life seemed ` rather short '. misao okawa was surrounded by her family and staff at her nursing home in osaka , japan , as she died of heart failure on april 1. born on march 5 , 1898 , the great-grandmother had lived through two world wars , the invention of the television and the first successful powered aeroplane flight by the wright brothers. the world 's oldest person , misao okawa of japan , died on april 1 aged 117. the great-grandmother had only celebrated her most recent birthday on march 5 , where
harvey weinstein 's wife of eight years is furious and humiliated by the allegations that he groped a 22-year-old italian model , according to a new report. fashion designer georgina chapman , 38 , said she does not want the accusations tied to ambra battilana and her husband to further embarrass their children or interrupt her business , a source told the new york daily news. ` she 's furious. she thinks it 's embarrassing not only to her but to their kids , ' said the socialite who worked with the couple. weinstein , 63 , has emphatically denied sexually assaulting battilana during a march 27 business meeting
having been on the receiving end of a 6-1 thumping , a defeat like that could be justifiably met with a backlash by angry supporters. watching a 3-1 first leg aggregate advantage turn into a 7-4 deficit come the end of the reverse encounter too could send many fans apoplectic at the capitulation of their side. however that does n't appear the case for those devoted to porto. porto supporters gave their team a hero 's welcome following their 6-1 defeat at bayern munich on tuesday. porto star striker jackson martinez was one of many players to look perplexed by their warm
doctors have condemned a social media campaign which accuses mothers who have a caesarean as being ` too lazy to have a baby '. the image , which is believed to come from a firebrand american religious group called ` the disciples of the new dawn ' in the u.s , has been circulating on mother 's groups in australia. university of sydney 's professor of gynecology hans peter dietz told daily mail australia the image represents a broader anti-caesarean sentiment which has harmful consequences for women who should be choosing caesareans for health reasons. an offensive image circulating social media which endeavours to shame women who have undergone caesareans. ` they
facebook has two days to release all emails to a defense lawyer whose client has fled from criminal charges that he falsely claimed a majority ownership in the social media giant. the documents requested include details relating to a contract with paul ceglia during an 18-month stretch beginning in 2003. ceglia has been on the run for a month after cutting off his electronic ankle bracelet. his father told a court they believe facebook and the prosecutors were conspiring against him. on friday , u.s. district judge vernon broderick told facebook inc. and owner mark zuckerberg they have until monday to relinquish the information that was requested by ceglia 's lawyer , robert
it is probably the most unpleasant experiment you will read about today : what happens when your skin starts to tear. researchers have uncovered the reason why skin is so difficult to tear even when put under extreme pressures , by cutting samples of real skin and attempting to pull them apart. they found that rather than simply tearing , mammalian skin actually has sophisticated stress resistance properties that prevent holes and cuts from expanding. the researchers cut real skin samples and then attempted to rip them by pulling them apart -lrb- shown above -rrb-. using x-ray beams they were able
they say you should never forget your roots. even more so in the case of this striking tree spotted in southern china. the banyan tree in guangxi province does not stand on a single trunk , but a whole web of roots. it has captured the attention of locals , who say they have watched the whole thing sway in the wind due to its flimsy structure , reported the people 's daily online. scroll down for video. fairy tale : the banyan looks like enchanted trees found in children 's books. uprooted : the original tree roots grew up against a wall , before it was moved to
-lrb- cnn -rrb- recently , nashville 's district attorney banned prosecutors from offering female sterilization in plea deals. believe it or not , nashville prosecutors have offered this option four times in the past five years. there has been public outrage at the notion that a defendant in america in 2015 would be offered a choice of sterilization as part of a plea deal. except , it happens all the time. some have claimed this practice `` evokes a dark corner of american history '' where the mentally ill or `` deficient '' were forced to undergo sterilization. yeah , that 's true. we did that. and it was bad. except this is n't quite that. female sterilization is linked to the controversial
a self-proclaimed animal lover was ` shocked ' and ` disgusted ' to find a ball that she thinks was purpose designed to harm animals or children near her home. tegan peters , 22 , from auckland new zealand said she immediately wanted to warn her pakuranga community after finding a tennis ball deliberately covered in sharp pins in ti rakau park , south of auckland. ms peters said she noticed the ball as she was driving past and decided to pull over , thinking it could be a good present for her one-year-old rottweiler-cross , odin. self-proclaimed animal lover , tegan peters , pictured
david curry -lrb- pictured -rrb- was asked to leave the wallow wetherspoon pub in blyth , northumberland because he was wearing tracksuit bottoms. a father was asked to leave a wetherspoon pub for a family breakfast with his wife and stepdaughter because he was wearing tracksuit bottoms. david curry , 49 , had travelled ten miles from home to visit the wallow in blyth , northumberland , for the first time with wife vee , 45 , and her daughter kayleigh. but when the family arrived mr curry was told he could not stay in the pub because he was wearing a pair of # 40 adidas
a game of cat and mouse has been captured in a series of striking images as the pair battle it out on a shed rooftop like a real life version of much-loved cartoon duo tom and jerry. it is an age-old rivalry that rarely ends well for one of its parties and so it proved in this remarkable set of photos. the snaps of a cat playing with a mouse on a roof in shepton mallet , somerset , illustrate the perils the tiny rodents face in the town. ironically the pet cat 's name is mouse. unfortunately for this mouse that 's where all similarities between the moggy and
michael bisping is eyeing a long-awaited homecoming ahead of his fight against cb dollaway. the manchester middleweight takes on dollaway in montreal on saturday night bidding to avoid losing successive fights for the first time in his career. and assuming he does so , bisping is open to fighting again in glasgow this july , five years since he last fought in the uk. michael bisping gets up close to cb dolloway during the ufc 186 weigh-in at metropolis on friday. ` i know it 's a cliche but i feel like i 'm in the best shape of my life. i 'm ready to take on the world , and by world i mean cb dollaway , ' he said. ` for me it 's just another day in the
-lrb- cnn -rrb- the first trailer for a documentary on the life and music of late british singer amy winehouse was released thursday. the teaser for `` amy : the girl behind the name , '' set for uk release on july 3 , features early footage of winehouse talking about how her music career was born and where she believed she was headed. `` singing has always been important to me , but i never thought , ` i 'll end up singing ' or ` i 'll be a singer , ' '' winehouse said. `` i felt like i had nothing new that was coming out at the time that really represented me or the way i felt , so , you know , i just started writing. '' winehouse , known
duhok , iraqi kurdistan -lrb- cnn -rrb- the children laugh and shriek , as some of them seem to always have the capacity to do no matter how depressing the circumstances. their bright clothes provide splashes of color against the otherwise drab monotone white of the endless rows of tents. a small group plays with rocks , replacements for the toys they left behind when they fled , while others clamber through a jagged tear in the wire fence surrounding the refugee camp. the shariya refugee camp opened around six months ago , made up of some 4,000 tents and counting. thousands of yazidis now call this corner of iraqi kurdistan home , about 18 miles -lrb- 30 kilometers -rrb- from one of the front lines with
a newly-released film about manny pacquiao offers a look into the philippine boxer 's childhood ahead of his much anticipated fight against floyd mayweather jnr next month. ` kid kulafu ' , named after a brand of wine whose bottles pacquiao collected as a child , charts his rise from humble beginnings to his first step into the boxing ring. ` he 's just like every one of us , ' director paul soriano said at the film 's manila premiere on tuesday night. ` he was born with nothing but because of god , because of hard work and faith , he became something. ' scroll down to watch the trailer. film director
some find them unnerving and even slightly creepy while , to others , they are endearing , mysterious and charming. whatever your view , one thing 's for certain : when it comes to twins , particularly identical ones , they are an endless source of fascination. yet , despite all this interest , the rest of us remain baffled , emotionally and scientifically , by the uncanny bonds identical twins share. having spent a year researching twins for my new novel , i have come to realise that we are only beginning to grasp how strange they truly are and quite why they have compelled us for thousands of years. ashley -lrb- left -rrb- and mary-kate olsen -lrb- right -rrb- are two of the most famous twins in the world and despite their very
defeated : napoleon -lrb- illustrated -rrb- lost at the battle of waterloo in 1815. guests attending a service in london to mark the 200th anniversary of the battle of waterloo have been told not to act in a ` triumphalist ' way -- to avoid upsetting the french. invitations to the service at st paul 's cathedral advise that it will avoid glorifying the duke of wellington 's historic victory over napoleon in 1815. but last night the move was criticised by politicians , who said it ` took political correctness to an absurd new degree '. the invitation to the waterloo 200 event says : ` the service , although related to a military victory , is not in any way glorifying
the mere mention of somalia elicits images of poverty or violent conflict for most people who have never travelled to the nation in the horn of africa. their only exposure tends to be upsetting scenes on their television screens or negative stories in the newspaper , but its people are using the power of social media to show their homeland in a positive light. one of the brightest stars , ugaaso abukar boocow , has become a celebrity on instagram , where she is trying to change people 's perceptions with photos and videos that reveal a side of somalia that most people have never seen. scroll
in 1982 , hollywood-born chanteuse charlene had a surprise worldwide hit with i 've never been to me. ` i 've moved like harlow in monte carlo , ' she sang , ` and showed 'em what i got ... ' -lrb- actually , when the song became a hit she was in straitened financial circumstances and working in a sweetshop in ilford , essex , so instead of moving like harlow she could have been singing about moving to harlow. -rrb-. one of the most irritating lyrics in the song - it has many - is when she sings about the ` isle of greece ' , as if she were discussing the isle of man
those who achieve greatness are high achievers from an early stage. they know this better than most at anfield. take michael owen. by the time he was 20 in december 1999 , his list of accomplishments read like the wish-list of many footballers. he had been named pfa young player of the year -lrb- 1998 -rrb- , scored one of the greatest world cup finals goals and won bbc sports personality of the year. there were also 18 england caps and he had passed 50 career goals for liverpool. raheem sterling , pictured in training on thursday , has rejected a new contract
a man who spent nearly 30 years on alabama 's death row was freed friday after a decades-long fight to prove his innocence. according to the birmingham news , as he walked free , he declared : ` the sun do shine ! ' anthony ray hinton , 58 , was released in the morning from the jefferson county jail in birmingham. he hugged tearful family members as he walked out and was embraced by his sister , darlene gardner. his sister sobbed as she hugged her brother : ` thank you lord , thank you jesus. ' scroll down for video. freedom : anthony ray hinton -lrb- center -rrb- walked
donning stilettos , lipstick and mascara , the young men take to the streets of one of washington dc 's most violent neighborhoods. but under their clothing - and in some cases , in their louis vuitton bags - they are carrying knives , brass knuckles and pepper spray. meet some of the more than 200 members of check it , the only documented gang of gay and transgender youths in america. the teenagers and young adults , who have faced discrimination throughout their entire lives , are the subjects of a new independent documentary. the film , also named check
a 16-year-old schoolboy is warning classmates to avoid the ` kylie jenner ' challenge after being left with a bruised face when he sucked into a glass to emulate the kardashians star 's bee-stung pout. kevin coulton from manchester decided to stick his mouth in the rim of a glass because ` everyone was doing it '. but the 16-year-old was left with dark bruising around his lips and chin which lasted more than three days. scroll down for video. kevin coulton , 16 , put his lips in the rim of a glass and blew to achieve a fuller pout. but the schoolboy was left with bruising round his chin and mouth. now he is
from top to third to second to top to second again. what a perfect game to represent such an absurd season. bournemouth were out of it. then they were in it. then it all went bonkers and eddie howe was caught between feelings of regret and unhappiness with paul tierney , the referee. the stripped-down fact is that it finished 2-2. the glorious detail is that bournemouth trailed to a kieran lee sucker punch , levelled through yann kermorgant and then had a man sent off. a problem ? not really. chris maguire converts an injury time penalty so salvage a draw for sheffield wednesday at dean court. maguire celebrates his late , late strike as the owls held bournemouth to a draw on their home turf. bournemouth :
we reveal how to get the enviable physiques of the stars. this week : sienna miller 's waist. judging by her tiny waist , sienna miller works at maintaining her shape. sienna miller s a yoga fan - her mother started one of the first london yoga schools in the seventies. yet despite being ` very sporty at school ' , the actress says she 's ` not a gym person '. but the mother-of-one is a yoga fan - her mother started one of the first london yoga schools in the seventies. sienna also works with a personal trainer , power-walking and jogging
he 's the latest person to travel to a galaxy far , far away. and on sunday director gareth edwards took to the stage to reveal a few details about rogue one , the first of the standalone star wars films , at the stars wars celebration in anaheim , california. at the same time , the iconic franchise 's twitter account posted a capsule of the storyline , saying : ' a band of resistance fighters unite for a daring mission to steal the death star plans in star wars anthology film , rogue one #rogueone. ' scroll down for video ... first look : director gareth edwards revealed a glimpse of the first star wars spin-off rogue
the search for missing woman jessica bialek is over after she returned to her home this evening. the 37-year-old had been missing since about 8:30 am on wednesday morning. she returned to her home near sydney on thursday evening , and is ` safe and well ' with loved ones. ms bialek 's husband , sabino matera , confirmed she was home shortly after 6:30 pm on thursday. scroll down for video. the father of missing sydney woman jessica bialek -lrb- pictured -rrb- has made a desperate plea for information about her whereabouts. ` jessica is safe and at home. found. thank you , ' mr matera posted on his facebook account.
the man who threw a banana peel at dave chappelle on monday night denies he is racist , claiming it was ` just a joke '. defending his actions , christian englander added that he threw another at a second black man just two days later - insisting that was also a joke. ` i 'm sorry that my joke was misconstrued as a racial attack on dave chappelle , ' the 30-year-old artist told the albuquerque journal. the second , he threw because the ` irony of this situation is too much to pass up '. englander was arrested on suspicion of disorderly conduct and battery during chapelle 's show in new mexico. on thursday , he claims to have
do you want to live like hip hop mogul lucious lyon from the hit show 'em pire ' ? if you have the bank balance of a mogul you could splash out on the house used for location shoots in the fox show , which is filmed in the chicago area. the enormous 20,000 square foot mansion in the ritzy suburb of barrington is opulent and private , sitting by two lakes in eight acres of manicured gardens. scroll down for video. fit for a mogul - the enormous mansion serves as the backdrop to the hit show empire. it took five years to build the house , which sits by two lakes in
what alastair cook did here , particularly in the first hour of his innings , was spot-on. that has to be his template from now on and if he carries on the way he has played here in grenada , those hundreds will come again. this was really encouraging for the england captain but ultimately hugely frustrating because he could n't push on to that all-important hundred. cook 's problem has been opponents stopping him scoring in areas where he has always been prolific. he has struggled when he has looked to make runs with shots that he rarely employed before. alastair cook 's innings into day three in grenada was spot on , particularly the first hour of it. cook worked his way to an encouraging 50
-lrb- cnn -rrb- most climbers who try do n't succeed in summiting the 29,035-foot-high mount everest , the world 's tallest peak. but they do leave their trash. thousands of pounds of it. that 's why an experienced climbing group from the indian army plans to trek up the 8,850-meter mountain to pick up at least 4,000 kilograms -lrb- more than 8,000 pounds -rrb- of waste from the high-altitude camps , according to india today. the mountain is part of the himalaya mountain range on the border between nepal and the tibet region. the 34-member team plans to depart for kathmandu on saturday and start the ascent in mid-may. the upcoming trip marks the
pouting and playing with her mother 's pearl necklace , sweden 's princess leonore looked distinctly out of sorts during a visit to the vatican. but at just 14-months-old and on the verge of the terrible twos , the infant duchess of gotland would probably have preferred to be doing something else. cradled in the arms of her pregnant mother , princess madeleine , 32 , the little girl was instead whisked off to meet pope francis. displeased : princess leonore looked less than impressed with her trip to the vatican. madeleine , who wore a traditional lace mantilla for the occasion , is thought to be around six months pregnant with her second child and will give birth this summer. but before that happens , she has
when pele and bobby moore embraced , yielding perhaps the most famous of all images of sportsmanship on a football pitch , the final whistle had already blown. that was in 1970 , at the end of a wonderfully hard-fought world cup group match between england and brazil , which the south americans won 1-0. so loudly did the football world applaud such an exhibition of mutual respect between two giants of the game that all these decades later , the applause still resounds. that image of them is frequently flourished as a perfect example of what the game was , and is used to compare , unfavourably , with what it has become. newcastle keeper tim krul congratulated sunderland striker jermain defoe on his goal at half-time. bobby moore 's famous
for those who ca n't get enough of starbuck 's frappucinos , they will have s ` more opportunities to guzzle some down-and they may want to camp out in front of the store. for a limited time starbucks will be introducing the s'more frappuccino which is scheduled to hit stored on tuesday , april 28. cnn reports that bottles of the flavor have been on sale in grocery stores since last month. s'more fun for summer : for a limited time starbucks will be introducing the s'more frappuccino which is scheduled to hit stored on tuesday , april 28. camping favorite : starbucks
water police have been called in to help with the search of a missing autistic boy , as 11-year-old luke shambrook is ` fascinated ' by water but can not swim. luke has been missing for two nights in a victorian national park , with temperatures dropping to as low as eight degree celsius on saturday night. however , he may not even know he is lost and is known to frequently hide , according to his family. he was last seen leaving candlebark campground in fraser national park near lake eildon at 9.30 am on good friday. according the herald sun , the 11-year-old was
roman abramovich has never spoken in public since buying chelsea , nor is there any expectation that he will. so the nearest to that happening could be a landmark event at stamford bridge next month. marina granovskaia is a chelsea director and arguably the most powerful woman in english football as the club 's transfer and contract negotiator. she is also abramovich 's day-to-day link with his football team. she is confirmed to speak -- at least according to the organisers -- for the first time publicly to an audience of 300 senior sports industry figures at a women in sport conference planned by the leaders brand on may 21. marina granovskaia poses with eden hazard as the
if there 's someone who is n't scared to show her colourful side in these times of taupe and elephant breathe , it is celebrated interior designer abigail ahern. now the best-selling author is on a mission to spread her colourful ethos with her new style bible , aptly named colour. ` the ability of colour to transfrom surroundings , to excite , inspire , tantalise and calm , is second to none ! ' enthuses ahern , who says walking into her own colourful home gives her a ` squishy feeling of contentment ' everyday. abigail ahern described the colours used by kelly wearstler
kitchens sell houses. they are the heart of the home , the hub of dinner parties and usually the ` debrief of the day ' meeting room. so what makes a great kitchen ? it 's a balance between a warm and inviting design combined with practical efficiency. after judging the kitchens on the block last week and taking into account what buyers look for in a kitchen , property buyers expert frank valentic gives his tips for ensuring great kitchen design. activity based design :. the key to ensuring the practicality of your kitchen is to zone areas of the kitchen based on activities e.g. food preparation , cooking , clean-up etc. with storage for those activities within those zones. these areas
manchester airport bosses are investigating after passengers on a ryanair flight were allowed to walk through a deserted passport control unchecked. holidaymakers onboard the delayed flight from madrid to manchester had been due to land at 11.25 pm on friday. but by the time they finally arrived three hours later , they disembarked to find an empty arrivals hall at terminal 3. scroll down for video. passengers from the delayed ryanair flight from madrid to manchester were able to simply walk past empty security cubicles. passengers claim they were not asked for their passport or any other documents but were able to simply stroll past the empty security cubicles. schoolteacher clinton lakin
how we work out the distance of something we can hear but not see has been somewhat of a mystery - until now. scientists say we know how far away the source of a sound is by listening to the echoes it produces. in a study they found that the reverberations of sound help us locate the distance of , for example , a car passing round a bend or a person nearby. scientists at the university of connecticut say we know how far away the source of a sound is by listening to the echoes it produces -lrb- stock image shown -rrb-. in a study they found that the reverberation of sound helps us locate the distance of , for example , a car passing round a bend
when booking a holiday it is easy to be confused when it turns out your flight to vancouver in canada goes to airport code yvr , or why you will be landing in malaga , spain , at an airport with the code agp. while many main airports have codes which make sense , such as jfk for john f. kennedy international airport in new york , of lhr for london heathrow , others can leave passengers baffled - or in fits of laughter. from unfortunate codes such as omg and sux to the funny lol , there are some seemingly very random three-letter combinations around the world. scroll down
a gay student in louisiana says she is going to skip her senior prom because the school principal wo n't let her wear a tuxedo. claudetteia love , a senior and one of the top students at carroll high in monroe , said she was planning on going to the prom without a date and with a group of friends , but now she and her friends are staying away. though a petition was started and signed by members of the senior class to allow love to wear a tuxedo , it was not acted on by school faculty. carroll high school senior claudetteia love
you could have fried an egg on david cameron 's upper lip yesterday afternoon when he appeared in sunny bristol. the pm was speaking in a rather peculiar building -- an almost empty science park on the city 's outskirts , its round atrium area filled with party activists. the space was uncomfortably hot and mr cameron was looking straight into a merciless , piercing , armpit-moistening sun. the prime ministerial upper lip was soon glistening. attack of the sweats ! david cameron worked up a sweat as he made a visit to poole in dorset and sunny bristol. pictured : the prime minister speaks with
john lewis is still desperately trying to sell its leftover christmas stock despite spending millions on a festive advertising campaign. the department store has slashed the prices on almost 200 products in an attempt to flog christmas trees , festive ornaments and decorations - more than three months after december 25. it comes after the major high street outlet reportedly spent # 7million on its tear-jerking 2014 christmas advert campaign featuring monty the penguin. john lewis is still desperately trying to sell its leftover christmas stock such as this father christmas decoration-just days before easter. the department store giant has slashed its prices
the sheriff who had former new england patriots player aaron hernandez in custody for more than 18 months said tuesday that he 's a master manipulator and will probably do fine in prison now that he has been sentenced to life for murder. bristol county sheriff thomas hodgson said hernandez knows how to use his charm and manipulate better than anyone he has ever seen , adding that the former football star is generally affable and polite and would try to use those qualities to get what he wanted at the bristol county house of corrections. ` he would make every effort
saturday night live cast member cecily strong took aim at barack obama and washington 's elite when she hosted the correspondents ' dinner. the comedian famous for her portrayal of ` girl you wish you had n't started a conversation with at a party ' started off saturday 's fete by saying that ` it feels right to have a woman follow president obama , does n't it ? '. she continued with a barrage of jokes skewering the president 's inner circle and assembled media , including hillary clinton and nbc at the annual event dubbed the ` nerd prom '. scroll down for video. cecily strong ,
on a day of fireworks off the pitch as the row over end of season championship scheduling exploded , rangers fans let themselves down by setting off flares in the energy assets arena. as the smoke cleared on this 1-1 draw against bottom side livingston , though , stuart mccall was left ruing the explosive impact of myles hippolyte despite his ibrox side nudging one point clear of hibs in second place. the livvy attacker 's absolute cracker of a free-kick had sent the home side into the lead just two minutes after the break. hippolyte 's joy was to be short-lived , though , as rangers centre-half marius
the u.s. teenager facing 15 years in jail for the murder of her mother grinned nervously as she took her baby to court in bali again today - while maintaining her innocence. heather mack ,19 , smiled and laughed as she cradled her baby stella - born last month - in a holding cell at the denpasar district court as she announced : ' i should not be sent to prison because i 'm innocent. ' i have n't murdered anybody. i did n't murder my mother. ' she was also filmed singing the rihanna hit umbrella as she nursed the infant outside of the courtroom. heather mack , pictured smiling behind bars , is accused of the murder of her
the relationship between the fa and premier league -- never great at the best of times -- has deteriorated further with the ridiculous clash of fixtures on saturday. both organisations blame each other for their respective rights holders , sky and the bbc , scheduling the marquee chelsea vs manchester united league match against the fa cup semi-final between reading and arsenal. the cup game attracted a peak audience of 6.9 million , over treble the 2m rating for the pl game on sky. but both viewing figures would have been higher had they not coincided. arsenal 's fa cup semi-final
andre schurrle admits he was relieved to end his goal drought by scoring his first goal for wolfsburg in the bundesliga on saturday. the former chelsea forward thanked wolfsburg supporters for their patience and admitted not scoring for the german side was ` eating away ' at him. the 24-year-old scored his first since joining from chelsea in february as they beat stuttgart 3-1. andre schurrle admits he was relieved to end his goal drought by scoring his first goal for wolfsburg. the former chelsea forward thanked wolfsburg supporters for their patience as he netted on saturday. ` it was about time i scored. i 've missed a lot of chances here and i 'm just happy to have hit the
forget fetching sticks. this musically-minded dog would rather be playing piano sonatas. sadie the german shepherd was filmed at home in alberta , canada , switching on an electric organ with her nose and sitting down to play some tunes. footage shows her plonking her front paws down along the keyboard , as she sits with her back legs positioned on the piano stool. instead of classical music , sadie appears to recite a minimalist piece with clashing notes and no time signature. after a confident start , the pup takes a pause and looks towards the camera. ` oh , did you make a mistake ? ' her owner says while filming. signaling a brief
a new comprehensive study of 3.9 million military personnel who served after 9/11 has found no direct link between deployment to a war zone and elevated suicide rates. researchers at joint base lewis-mcchord in tacoma , washington , concluded that military suicides may be more likely after members leave the service than during active duty deployment , particularly if their time in uniform is brief. ` it was certainly intuitive as the wars went on and suicides went up for people to assume that deployment was the reason , but our data show that that is too simplistic ; when you look at the total population , deployment is not associated with suicide , ' said lead author mark reger. new study : researchers at
a family of four are lucky to be alive after a bedroom ceiling collapsed in their home. the damage was just part of the destruction caused by cowboy builders who had been called in to fix a leak in the beckle-raymond 's three bedroom property in north london. instead , they left phillip , his wife gaby and their two young children , orion and aurielle , in an unsafe building with no roof while they ran off with # 17,000 of their money. scroll down for video. phillip and gaby outside their london home which was left a wreck thanks to cowboy builders. ` when the builders walked out , we only had tarpaulin protecting the house throughout winter , ' gaby explains on channel 5 show britain 's horror homes. `
a 14-year-old girl has died and her mother has been left severely injured after they were thrown off a moving bus following a sexual assault in india. arshdeep kaur and her mother shinder , were travelling from their home in punjab , northern india , to visit relatives when a group of about half a dozen men began harassing them. the men grabbed arshdeep and made several attempts to ` molest ' her and her mother , but instead of defending them , the bus staff joined in the sexual assault. scroll down for video. victims : arshdeep kaur , 14 , and her mother shinder , pictured in hospital , were travelling from their home in punjab ,
george osborne said he wanted to see half a million first time buyers get on the housing ladder every year. half a million first time buyers will be helped onto the housing ladder every year by 2020 , george osborne pledged today. the chancellor said he wanted a 1980s-style property ` revolution ' after years of declining home ownership. he pledged to double the number of people buying their first home using government help-to-by schemes. since 2010 there have been 1.2 million first-time purchases and mr osborne wants at least 2.4 million more over the next five years. mr osborne said he wanted to reverse the ` steady ' decline in first-time buyers getting a home. he told sky news
human traffickers are brazenly offering desperate libyan migrants passage across the mediterranean on facebook. a number of pages , written in arabic , have reportedly been found on the social media site targeting refugees fleeing war and poverty. they are said to be advertising ` reliable ' and ` comfortable ' travel to europe on overcrowded vessels for around $ 1,000 per person. migrants , who are trying to reach greece , are seen on a capsized sail boat , as the crisis escolates. desperate migrants pictured in the sea off the greek island rhodes after a wooden boat ran aground. the discovery comes after the deaths of
a majority of the public does not want camilla to become queen if prince charles succeeds to the throne , a poll for the daily mail reveals today. and the nation is completely split on whether charles should become king at all. only 43 per cent believe he should ascend to the throne compared with an almost identical number saying he should stand aside in favour of his elder son prince william. william and prince harry are the most popular members of the royal family , closely followed by the queen and the duchess of cambridge. scroll down for video. a majority of the british public does not want to camilla -lrb- left -rrb- to become queen if the prince of
something odd is going on this year in goa - and it has to do with the rows of empty sunbeds. with the rouble in trouble , russians are freezing at home , rather than sizzling in india 's flop-in-the-sun western state. sorry to be mean , but it 's all too good to be true for the rest of us. blissful : agonda beach is one of the many relaxed stretches of shoreline along the edge of goa. the beaches are more relaxed , the restaurants and bars quieter , the accessories less shiny. my friend alex and i find direct flights for # 348
there will have been eight madrid derbies by the end of this season , no city showdown has been played more in recent years. mailsport looks at the reasons why atletico madrid 's meeting with real madrid can also lay claim to be the greatest city derby in world football. opposites attract. the clash of styles is always fascinating. carlo ancelotti must accommodate cristiano ronaldo , gareth bale and karim benzema and that leaves him little choice but to play a 4-3-3. cristiano ronaldo , gareth bale and karim benzema must all be accommodated , leaving little choice but 4-3-3. real madrid and atletico madrid are meeting for the fifth and sixth time in european competition that brings them level with
in the hunger games , katniss everdeen is pulled out of obscurity , swiftly develops expert bow-and-arrow skills and leads a government rebellion - all without having to deal with braces or a single spot. however , the rise of the young adult heroine has prompted a backlash on twitter , as more people compare the fictional portrayals with the mediocrity of their own lives. teenagers have taken to the social media site to hilariously voice their frustrations between the fantastical lives in the pages of books and in films , and reality using the hashtag #realisticya. the hunger games book -lrb- left -rrb- , the
ufc women 's champion ronda rousey reinforced her support for manny pacquiao in his may 2 megafight with floyd mayweather as she paid a visit to the filipino 's los angeles training camp. rousey , the undefeated ufc bantamweight title holder , has made it clear she is in underdog pacquiao 's camp in the the lead up to the fight. ` truly honored to meet such a humble and genuine person. thank you @mannypacquiao for welcoming us into your home , ' rousey posted on twitter. ronda rousey said she was ` truly honoured to meet such a humble and genuine person ' in manny pacquiao. pacquiao posted this image with
vidarbha , india -lrb- cnn -rrb- yogita kanhaiya is expecting a baby soon. she already has a two-year-old son. her husband , moreshwor , a cotton farmer , wo n't be around to see his children grown up. he committed suicide early in the pregnancy. eight years back , yogita 's father-in-law , also a cotton farmer , took his own life. `` he was in so much debt , '' 25-year-old yogita said of her late husband. `` he was n't getting any money from cotton. he chose death over distress. '' it 's a familiar story in families across western india 's cotton production belt , where , a cotton lobbyist group claims , one cotton farmer commits suicide every eight
she may be a first daughter , but sarah obama is still a teenager and ca n't seem to tear herself away from her music - even for a rare family nature hike. sasha , 14 , was spotted listening to earbuds as she , sister malia and their parents ditched the white house - and the press pool - for an impromptu trip to great falls park in virginia on sunday. the unscheduled trip came after the white house had sent reporters home for the day , sending the presidential press pool into a temporary tumult about where president barack obama and the first family had gone. scroll down for video.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- an amnesty international report is calling for authorities to address the number of attacks on women 's rights activists in afghanistan. the report , entitled `` their lives on the line , '' examines the persecution of activists and other champions of women 's rights not only by the taliban and tribal warlords , but also by government officials. its publication is timely. the brutal murder of farkhunda , a young woman in afghanistan , whose body was burnt and callously chucked into a river in kabul , shocked the world. accused of burning pages from the muslim holy book , the quran , many protested
self-styled ` anarchist libertarian ' squatters have set up camp in one of london 's most historic monuments and unfurled banners reading ` homes for all '. the protesters mounted admiralty arch , which joins trafalgar square with the mall , and called for others to join them. it is not clear what their protest is attempting to highlight , as a garbled message posted on facebook by the group simply calls for ` christmas lights ... any and all radical/revolutionary messages '. but banners bearing messages such as ` better squat than let homes rot ' and ` respect existence or expect resistance ' were seen hanging from the grade-i listed building , as the masked demonstrators sat with their legs dangling over the side. scroll down for video. self-styled ` anarchist libertarian ' squatters have set up camp in one of london 's most historic monuments and unfurled banners reading ` homes for all ' one of
paige vanzant and felice herrig had to be pulled apart as they squared off ahead of their strawweight clash in new jersey. vanzant , at only 21 and with just five fights behind her , has already ruffled feathers after being one of a select few to sign an individual contract with reebok. and herrig was clearly riled during the traditional staredown in times square. felice herrig and paige vanzant face off during the weigh-in. herrig and vanzant will face each other in the octagon on saturday night. vanzant steps on the scale during the ufc fight night weigh-in event at the prudential center. vanzant fights for the
-lrb- cnn -rrb- wanted : film director , must be eager to shoot footage of golden lassos and invisible jets. cnn confirms that michelle maclaren is leaving the upcoming `` wonder woman '' movie -lrb- the hollywood reporter first broke the story -rrb-. maclaren was announced as director of the movie in november. cnn obtained a statement from warner bros.. pictures that says , `` given creative differences , warner bros. and michelle maclaren have decided not to move forward with plans to develop and direct ` wonder woman ' together. '' -lrb- cnn and warner bros.. pictures are both owned by time warner. -rrb-. the movie , starring gal gadot in the title role of the amazon princess , is still
a stunning bride rode to her wedding on the horse she saved from dying of starvation. sally white , 28 , rescued the terrified animal from a bleak hillside where he was abandoned without food and water. his ribs were poking through and vets feared he would not survive more than a few days. but sally 's love and care for the skinny and mistreated horse has turned it into a magnificent steed - and the pair have become inseparable. a stunning bride rode to her wedding on the horse she saved from dying of starvation. sally white , 28 , rescued the terrified animal from a bleak hillside where he was abandoned without food and water. when sally married
the bbc has axed richard hammond and james may from the top gear website after co-presenter jeremy clarkson was sacked from the show. the motoring programme 's website previously featured the broadcasting trio alongside the stig at the top of the page but now the racing driver appears solo in his white helmet. it comes just over a week after the 54-year-old host was sacked from the bbc for an ` unprovoked ' attack on a top gear producer. scroll down for video. change : the top gear website now features an image of the stig on his own at the top of the page. before : the website used to feature an image of all three presenters - richard hammond -lrb- left -rrb- ,
she 's a best-selling singer , actress , beauty buff and one of the world 's most stylish stars. and now , rita ora - who is only 24 and has already made the transition from a kosovan-born fledgling singer to one of the globe 's most successful stars - has channeled her passion for fashion into a new adidas range. for her latest collaboration with adidas originals , rita has taken the brand 's classics and put her own bold spin on them. the result ? a collection that is as daring and vibrant as the designer herself. scroll down for video. rita ora has channeled her passion for fashion into a new adidas range , so femail caught
gopro director nick woodman is set to be named the highest-paid ceo of 2014 at the tender age of 39. the pioneering camera innovator clinched the title after being granted 4.5 million restricted stock units - valued at $ 284.5 million - at the end of the year. it won him the top spot on the annual bloomberg pay index. slumping to second place , chenerie energy 's houston-based chief executive charif souki was valued at $ 281 million. and now the firm has announced it is cutting his pay. in his prime : gopro creator nick woodman , 39 , is set to be named america 's highest-paid ceo of 2014. woodman 's product - a camera which can be fixed to helmets , the body , or
a polish prince has challenged nigel farage to a sword fight over his attacks on immigration. janek zylinski , the aristocratic son of polish war hero who fought the nazis in 1939 , posted the challenge online after declaring that he had ` had enough ' of the ukip leader. brandishing his sword , mr zylinski said : ` enough is enough , mr farage. so what i 'd like to do is to challenge you to a duel. i 'd like us to meet in hyde park one morning , with our swords , and resolve this matter. ' janek zylinski , the aristocratic son of polish war hero who fought the nazis in 1939 , posted the challenge online after declaring he had `
despite battling an a rare congenital condition two-year-old nathaly hernandez wo n't let things get her down , as a heartwarming new video shows. the smiley toddler - who has lived at the home of the innocents nursing facility in kentucky since she was three months old - was filmed as she perfectly lip-synced to miley cyrus ' wrecking ball. footage shows her putting her heart and soul into the song - particularly as the rousing chorus builds. as she opens her mouth wide and scrunches up her face , nathaly determinedly raises her arms to indicate she 's singing at the top of the lungs. she also sways her head to the beat. scroll
early in the build-up to aston villa 's winning goal on sunday , steven gerrard challenged for successive headers in the centre circle and lost both. that does n't mean he was at fault for what happened in the subsequent 20 seconds but it was illustrative nevertheless of a long , sapping afternoon for liverpool and their fading captain. gerrard 's time at liverpool will now end in anti-climax. the chances are that he will say his farewells via a series of short cameos , many of them as a substitute. steven gerrard was denied the chance of a happy ending as aston villa beat liverpool at wembley. liverpool captain gerrard reacts as tom cleverley
they have been married for less than a year and already there 's a baby on the way. on tuesday jessa duggar announced she 's pregnant with her first child with husband ben seewald , 19. ` we 're expecting ! ' the 22-year-old 19 kids & counting star told people. ` we are so excited. the due date is november first , our wedding anniversary. ' scroll down for video. a baby on the way : jessa duggar announced she 's expecting her first child with ben seewald , 19. ` we 're expecting ! ' the 22-year-old 19 kids & counting star announced on tuesday. excited for the arrival : the tlc stars also shared this
michael vaughan will become the most powerful man in english cricket if he is confirmed as paul downton 's successor at the helm of the national team. it emerged on thursday that the former england captain has already held talks with new ecb chief executive tom harrison and is in pole position to become the new director of cricket ahead of andrew strauss and alec stewart. yet vaughan will demand almost unprecedented responsibility if he is to head up the revolution that harrison and chairman-elect colin graves have begun with wednesday 's sacking of downton as managing director. clearly , if the ecb
the indiana pacers ' chris copeland and his wife were stabbed during an early-morning argument after they left a popular new york club on wednesday , according to reports. copeland , 31 , and his wife , katrine saltare , 28 , were talking in the street just before 4am when a 22-year-old man , shezoy bleary , interrupted them , the new york post reported. when copeland , who used to play for the new york knicks , told the man to back off , the suspect allegedly pulled out a knife and plunged it into the athlete 's abdomen and elbow. he then turned on saltare , stabbing her in the breast , buttocks and arm , sources told the post. scroll down for
phil taylor suffered his fourth loss of the premier league season with defeat to dave chisnall in a dramatic night of darts on thursday. taylor , the 16-time world champion , squandered a 4-2 lead to lose the next five legs and the match 7-4. the defeat for taylor sees the 54-year-old finish the opening set of round robin fixtures in fifth. phil taylor squandered a 4-2 lead to lose 7-4 against dave chisnall during their premier league darts clash. chisnall celebrates after his victory moved him up to second in the table after nine matches of the season. michael van gerwen 7-4 james
-lrb- cnn -rrb- tuesday , april 14 , is equal pay day. here 's the announcement presidential candidate hillary clinton should make :. `` today in america , women earn on average 77 cents for every dollar men earn. and the gap is even greater for women of color. that 's unconscionable. as president , my top priority will be fixing inequality and ensuring that 100 % of the population is paid 100 % of what they 're worth. and so , i 'm announcing that if elected president , i will take a 23 % pay cut , equivalent to the current gender wage gap , to stand
with its blend of portuguese and chinese culture , it did n't take us long to discover the unique appeal of macau. soon after arriving by high-speed turbojet ferry from hong kong , we were sitting in antonio , a beautifully tiled restaurant that could easily have been in lisbon. the food and drink was excellent -lrb- owner antonio coelho whips up a mean souffle -rrb- , and the fado singing of entertainer marcelino was truly memorable. scroll down for video. macau has 26 casinos , including the largest in the world , the venetian. located at the mouth of the
burnley manager sean dyche has dismissed speculation linking him with derby. recent reports claimed dyche has been lined up as a possible successor to steve mcclaren , who is the bookmakers ' favourite to take over at newcastle. dyche says he remains committed to the task in hand at turf moor , though. burnley manager sean dyche , aka the ginger mourinho , insists he is enjoying life at turf moor. the clarets earned a point in a goalless draw with tottenham but remain fixed in the relegation zone. ' i think it 's quite obvious , i am enjoying the challenge here. i am not looking further afield , ' the burnley boss said. ' i
a federal judge has ordered the internal revenue service to hand over a list of the 298 tea party organizations that it targeted with broad and often intrusive questions when they applied for nonprofit tax-exempt status. the decision from u.s. district judge susan dlott means right-wing groups are a step closer to being allowed to pursue a class-action lawsuit against the irs. the agency has admitted playing political favorites with the tax code beginning in 2010 , when it began applying extra scrutiny to groups with red-flag words like ` patriots ' or ` tea party ' in their names. while those organizations ' applications were held up for years , liberal groups sailed through the process. federal tax-exempt status is confered on groups that serve a
human remains have been found in the search for a missing college freshman who vanished while home for spring break last month. anjelica ` aj ' hadsell , 18 , has been missing since march 2 , when she was on a break from longwood university in farmville , virginia and home in norfolk. the remains were found outside a residence in franklin on thursday morning , police said. franklin is around 40 miles from norfolk. the body has been sent to the chief medical examiner 's office to be identified and to determine the cause of death. the fbi is now
children of the 1970s and 1980s will likely remember the chunky , plastic fisher-price magnets that adorned fridges in family homes. the popular toys were designed to help teach children to read and spell. but for some people , they had another unintended consequence ; the magnets forever changed the colours that people would associate with letters. the child with the hood in this photo was born in 1988 and is an adult synesthete. his colour-letter pairings matched 25 of the 26 letters in the fisher-price magnet set , which is in the foreground. at least that 's the conclusion of a study on synaesthesia
ahead of this weekend 's premier league action , sportsmail will be providing you with all you need to know about every fixture , with team news , provisional squads , betting odds and opta stats. here is all the information you need for swansea 's home clash with everton ... swansea city vs everton -lrb- liberty stadium -rrb-. team news. swansea. veteran full-back angel rangel is in line for his first swansea start for over two months at home to everton in the early barclays premier league kick-off on saturday afternoon. rangel has not started since the end of january following the arrival of kyle naughton but the former spurs defender has been ruled out for the rest of the season after damaging ankle ligaments against
this is the photograph circulating on social media site snapchat that is believed to show a principal watching pornography in the office of his elite private school. the picture , taken by a person who claims to be a student at geelong college , south-west of melbourne , is believed to show disgraced principal andrew barr surfing for pornography while on-the-clock. in the picture taken through a window , the man has his back to the camera and graphic images can be seen on his computer screen. mr barr resigned from his position at the geelong college after an investigation , which included a search of his computer , after the photograph appeared
bayern munich coach pep guardiola weathered his first major crisis at the german club after his team crushed porto 7-4 on aggregate on tuesday to move into the champions league last four. the spaniard in his second season in charge was with his back to the wall after their surprise 3-1 first leg defeat in portugal last week. never had one of his teams lost before the semi-finals in the competition but that prospect suddenly seemed real. bayern munich celebrate in front of their delighted fans after overturning a first leg deficit to reach semi-finals. thiago alcantara jumps highest to head the home side in front on 14 minutes and set the bayern on their way. damned to succeed , guardiola repeatedly said he was aware of what he needed
-lrb- cnn -rrb- warren weinstein , who appears to have been the only american citizen held hostage by al qaeda , was accidentally killed in a u.s. drone strike in january. but it did n't have to be that way. a senior u.s. official familiar with the handling of the issue told cnn that the u.s. government made no serious effort to negotiate for the 73-year-old development expert 's release , either directly to al qaeda or through proxies in pakistan. another senior u.s. official told cnn that weinstein 's capture by al qaeda made it hard for the united states to negotiate , even though proxies such as the pakistani
frank sinatra underwent a vasectomy so could not have fathered ronan farrow , according to his youngest daughter , tina sinatra. showbiz 411 's roger friedman said that the 66-year-old laughed when he asked her if mia farrow 's son ronan was her brother. he said that tina , who is the daughter of sinatra and his first wife nancy , told him : ` could n't be. frank had a vasectomy before that. i do n't know whose son ronan is. ' scroll down for video. frank sinatra -lrb- left -rrb- underwent a vasectomy so could not have fathered ronan farrow , -lrb- right -rrb-
danny willett gave a rules official , who had been in his line-of-sight , a verbal blast which was clearly audible to spectators surrounding the 17th green at the masters on thursday. englishman willett vented his anger after his second shot from beyond the green trickled all the way across the putting surface and left the preacher 's son facing a bogey or worse. ` of anyone you should know the rules , ' willett shouted loudly at the official , who was sitting about 60 yards away in a golf cart , outside the gallery ropes. danny willett waits to play a shot on the fifth during the first round at 2015 masters on thursday. the 27-year-old englishman carded a one-under 71 during his first ever
those surprised at yaya toure 's apparent desire to talk himself in to a transfer from manchester city this week should not be. the ivorian 's cv tells the story of a player who has always placed pragmatism above sentiment when it comes to his choice of clubs. toure , for example , left home as a teenager to play in the belgian second division. following that came some formative years playing for metalurh donetsk in eastern ukraine. history also tells us that toure , now almost 32 , never stays in one place too long. equally , though , toure 's rather clumsy statements of recent times should not be allowed to detract
panama city -lrb- cnn -rrb- this was the handshake that shook the western hemisphere. president obama briefly met his cuban counterpart , raul castro , on friday night at a dinner for the dozens of latin american leaders convening in panama city for the summit of the americas. this was historic. the two nations have barely been on speaking terms -- officially -- for more than 50 years. the meeting was so important that bernadette meehan , national security council spokesperson , issued a statement : `` at the summit of the americas this evening , president obama and president castro greeted each other
suddenly , after close to 14 years of international football and just 33 caps , michael carrick is the answer for england. he was very impressive against italy in a friendly , true ; and he has been an important influence on manchester united 's revival. yet it would be unfortunate in the extreme if four consecutive england managers had all failed to spot a game-changing wizard in their midst. here 's the reality. carrick has made nine competitive starts for england , and the majority have been ordinary at best. he played in the match against ecuador in the 2006 world cup ,
harry panayiotou has scooped the barclays premier league player of the month award after impressing for an in-form leicester city side in march. the striker , 20 , scored three goals , including those in impressive victories against sunderland and reigning champions chelsea , and has been chosen ahead of all the players in division 1 and 2 based on his performance statistics. panayiotou also netted a hat-trick in his third game for st kitts and nevis on international duty , and is looking to make an impression under nigel pearson at the king power stadium. sportsmail held an exclusive q&a with the forward after he found out about the accolade. harry
going to any major sporting event these days is a pricey affair. there 's the cost of the ticket , getting to the venue and the all important souvenirs. that 's not to mention keeping fed and watered all day. but it seems patrons at the masters can get themselves a decent meal for a reasonable price. you can get a taste of the south with a bar-b-que or classic chicken sandwich for $ 3 -- which is about # 2.05. the masters is one few sporting events which offers food at reasonable prices for its punters. shot of the day. lee westwood nearly got off to
-lrb- cnn -rrb- as nepal grapples with an earthquake that has killed more than 3,400 people , ronen ziv worries about someone he has never met. his unborn baby is due this week in kathmandu. he had tickets to travel to nepal for his child 's birth from a surrogate mother , but now he has no choice but to wait in his native israel for news. `` it 's terrifying , '' ziv said. `` i can tell you i did n't get much sleep ... all my thoughts and all my prayers are for the surrogate mother and the unborn child. '' nepal is a popular place for israeli couples to have surrogate children. ziv 's first child ,
-lrb- cnn -rrb- thousands of syrian and palestinian refugees trapped in the yarmouk refugee camp have suffered what can only be described as untold indignities. but while the story is in itself tragic , it is the individual lives at the heart of the camp that make the imperative for humanitarian action so compelling. i encountered two such individuals on my mission to damascus -- jihad and mohammad -- tiny , vulnerable infants who were taken from yarmouk in recent days , a place that was described last week by the u.n. secretary-general ban ki-moon as `` the deepest circle of hell. '' the fact that they are alive truly make them miracle children. looking into those bright young faces , touching their pristine hands , the logic of our humanitarian mandate -- the mission to protect -- never felt stronger to
it 's not intended to be a safety video. but this stomach-churning clip of a longboarder crashing downhill at high speed certainly serves as a warning to wear a helmet. footage shows the skater confidently sailing down a concrete slope in santa monica , los angeles , before he loses balance and falls headfirst. for a short moment he scrapes along the ground on his stomach. he then rolls over several times. finally he comes to a stop and as he lies on his side , he clutches his head in pain. the skater 's friends then rush over to check if he 's okay. going , going : this stomach-churning clip of a longboarder
microsoft has a new pilot program to hire people with autism for full-time positions within the company. the announcement was made on the company 's blog by microsoft corporate vp of worldwide operations , mary ellen smith , who has a teenage son , shawn , with autism. the positions will be based at its redmond campus in washington and the program will be run in partnership with specialisterne , a danish nonprofit that helps train people with autism for careers in it. smith wrote on the blog : ` it 's simple , microsoft is stronger when we expand opportunity and we have a diverse workforce that represents our customers. ' the announcement was
a 46-year-old man has been charged with aggravated assault , reckless endangerment and dui after driving 11 miles and through seven towns with another man on the hood of his car in pennsylvania. however the driver , dwayne harvard , maintains he is not the one who should have been arrested. harvard claims the man , steven sutton , 36 , of pittsburgh , confronted him in the driveway of his home in springdale , saying he was furious that harvard was giving sutton 's girlfriend , anna mazzetti , a ride home. ` he took a cinder block and he was trying to hit the truck , ' harvard told wtae. ' i said , '' calm down. you put the block down ''. ' man on board : dwayne harvard ,
while many designers , some modelling agencies , and even vogue magazine have pledged in recent years not to work with models under the age of 16 , plus-size model ashley graham , 27 , says she 's been working since well before that cut-off age - and in her underwear , no less. one of the stars of lane bryant 's new i 'm no angel campaign , the size 16 bombshell recently revealed to yahoo style that she 's been stripping down to her skivvies since she was 14. ` my first job ever was lingerie , ' she says. ` my mom had to sign a petition that said they would airbrush my nipples out. ' scroll down for
a restaurant manager has been branded the ` stingiest boss in europe ' for charging a mum 36p to heat up her baby 's feeding bottle. mum gitte denteneer asked staff at the rubens eaterie in leuven , belgium , to warm up some milk for her two-month old son lucca. but when she came to pay , she was stunned to find that 50 cents had been added onto the bill. outrage : a restaurant manager has been branded the ` stingiest boss in europe ' for charging a mum 36p to heat up her baby 's feeding bottle. she tweeted a photo of the bill , which went viral
the captain of a ship that sank off the coast of africa ` started applauding and cheering ' when his vessel was entirely submerged , according to anti-poaching activists who saved the man and his crew. crew aboard sea shepherd vessel bob barker , which had been pursuing the ruined vessel named thunder for 110 days in an effort to stop alleged poaching activities in antarctic waters , found themselves taking on the role of saviours when the boat 's distress signals were sounded. ` what was incredibly strange was that the captain of the thunder , when the vessel did actually sink , started applauding and cheering , which i took to
a respected philadelphia law professor who made national headlines after accidentally emailing her students a porn link has spoken out about how she 's reclaiming her dignity since the public scandal. lisa mcelroy , 50 , reportedly sent the explicit link to her drexel university students under the subject line ` great article on writing briefs ' on march 31. mcelroy said she was ` mortified ' and ` in terrible shape ' when she found out what she had done , she wrote in a column for the washington post. respected drexel university law professor lisa mcelroy , 50 , who made national headlines last month after accidentally emailing her students a porn link , has spoken out about reclaiming her dignity since the scandal. the legal writing
trailing birmingham city by two goals , bournemouth were down to fourth in the championship at one stage in the afternoon but a thrilling four-goal turnaround moved them back to the top. ` that 's the madness of it , ' manager eddie howe said in the aftermath. ` i could n't believe in one game we dropped to fourth. it 's great for the neutral , but not so great for us. ' the south coast club had not conceded the first goal at dean court this campaign and have struggled to get anything from losing positions , but comebacks rarely come better than being two behind after 21
nearly half of parents have not taught their children how to dial 999 - and many youngsters think the emergency number is 911 , a study found. many said their children were not mature enough to learn the life-saving skill. and , shockingly , an even greater number said their children would not know the difference between 999 and 911 , the emergency number in the us. scroll down for video. nearly half of parents have not taught their children how to dial 999 - and many youngsters think the emergency number is 911 , a study found. the survey of 757 parents was
-lrb- cnn -rrb- -lsb- breaking news update , posted at 5:22 p.m. et -rsb-. none of the girls rescued from raided boko haram camps in nigeria has been identified thus far as among the missing chibok girls , a high-ranking nigerian army official said. the official did not rule out that captives from other boko haram camps that were raided might be girls abducted in april 2014 from a school in chibok. the official said he would have the final word by day 's end on wednesday. -lsb- previous story , posted at 4:52 p.m. et -rsb-. nigerian troops rescued 200 girls and 93 women tuesday in the sambisa forest ,
millionaire real estate heir robert durst was indicted wednesday on the two weapons charges that have kept him in new orleans even though his lawyers say he wants to go to los angeles as soon as possible to face a murder charge there. a grand jury charged durst with possession of a firearm by a felon , and possession of both a firearm and an illegal drug : 5 ounces of marijuana , said assistant district attorney chris bowman , spokesman for the district attorney. durst 's attorneys could not be immediately reached for comment. millionaire real estate heir robert durst was indicted wednesday on the two weapons charges that have kept him in new orleans even though his lawyers say he wants to go to los angeles as soon as possible
anzac day is a time to come together as one to salute our diggers who sacrificed and fought in gallipoli , but it seems some have found another way to commemorate the special day. from pulling faces to complaining about waking up early for dawn service , tens of thousands of selfies from across the country have emerged on social media to mark the centenary anzac day. many had shared some special moments with their families and friends at football matches or a trip to the pub for two-up but others seemed to think the day was more about how they
ferguson , missouri -lrb- cnn -rrb- change has come to ferguson. after months of turmoil and upheaval , months of frustration and anger , the beleaguered city has a new governing board. and it looks very different than the old one. buoyed by a higher-than-normal 30 % turnout , two african-american candidates won their wards tuesday night to make the six-member city council 50 % black. ferguson 's population of about 21,000 is 70 % black , but the city council was predominantly white , as is the police force. supporters of both candidates said that from the tragedy of a young black man
financially-troubled cska sofia 's latvian goalkeeper maksims uvarenko has not been paid for three months and has had to ask his parents to send him money to pay his rent. but despite the financial problems , uvarenko , who joined the bulgarian club on an 18-month contract in january , has been impressed by the ` unique ' fans and their passionate support. ` the lack of money is the biggest problem i 've faced at cska , uvarenko told local media on wednesday. ' i still have n't received any salary and i 've been at the club for three months. goalkeeper maksims ukarov has not been paid by cska sofia since joining the club in january. ` my wife and i are
-lrb- cnn -rrb- monday night , as unrest raged across baltimore 's streets , amanda rothschild lay awake in her remington home , a neighborhood in the northern part of the city , thinking about what the next day would be like. as a co-owner of charmington 's , a cafe in the intersection of three major baltimore neighborhoods , rothschild knew that the cafe and its workers needed to support the city after all the unrest. `` there was some fear , but it was really mixed in with an overwhelming sense that everyone here needs help , '' she said. as protests erupt nationwide after the death of freddie gray , a black man who suffered a severe spinal cord injury while in police custody , some local businesses
an eight-year-old girl showed off her hand speed and overall boxing prowess while completing a pad work drill with her father. evnika saadvakass , from kazakhstan , became a youtube sensation when she was five-years-old after she was filmed throwing around 100 punches in less than two minutes. the video was viewed around three million times and now two years on the young girl has returned to update the world on her progress. evnika saadvakass became a youtube sensation when she was five-years-old when her video received around three million views. captured on a 40-second-clip , evnika 's work rate is relentless and her ability staggering. standing with an orthodox stance , the youngster begins raining
-lrb- cnn -rrb- lest we americans forget that -- in the wellsprings of our nation -- france bore the torch of liberty alongside us , our old ally has launched a reminder from across the atlantic 's waves. l'hermione , with three sail masts and bright royal blue and gold markings , is a painstaking replica of an 18th century french frigate that fought with the united states ' founding fathers in the war of independence. it set sail in france on saturday for virginia to retrace a journey through american history. in 1780 , the original hermione was assigned to a
from a man obsessed with looking like kim kardashian to a woman who had cement injected into her face , reality tv 's favorite doctors are back to taking on some of the world 's most shocking plastic surgeries gone wrong. dr terry dubrow and dr paul nassif , the resident experts on the popular e! series botched , which is due to begin its second season tonight , spoke to cosmopolitan.com about the ` jaw-dropping ' cases they were faced with while filming the upcoming season of the show , explaining that many of the various cosmetic blunders featured go beyond anything either of them had ever been faced
-lrb- cnn -rrb- five young men were arrested saturday in melbourne , australia , in what police called a major counterterrorism operation. three of the teens , all of them either 18 or 19 , have since been released `` pending further enquiries , '' australia 's federal police said , but two remain in custody. sevdet besim , 18 , has been charged with conspiring to commit a terrorist act , and was denied bail saturday. the other suspect , a 19-year-old , has not yet appeared in court. `` some evidence that we have collected at a couple of the scenes and some other information we have leads us to believe that this particular matter was isis-inspired ,
a nine-year-old girl who plummeted 30ft headfirst down the inside of a hollow tree claims she ` went to heaven and sat in jesus 's lap ' while unconscious after the fall. her mother , christy wilson beam , 42 , has spoken of her amazement after annabel , now 12 , escaped the horrifying accident unscathed - even waking miraculously cured of a devastating illness that had plagued her childhood. for the first time in her life , she can eat solid food -- and her mother thinks her brush with jesus is the reason why. scroll down for video. annabel beam , now 12 , believes she visited heaven when unconscious after falling 30ft at the age
the secret drawings and letters belonged to the co-pilot of enola gay bomber which dropped the bomb and reveal captain robert lewis 's immense guilt following the mission. he wrote a letter following the bombing in which he recounts : ` my god , what have we done ? how many did we kill ? ' i am certain the entire crew felt this experience was more than anyone human had ever thought possible. ` if i live a hundred years i 'll never quite get those few minutes out of my mind. ' scroll down for video. historic : a previously unseen hand-drawn flightplan of the mission to drop an atom bomb on hiroshima is
-lrb- cnn -rrb- the underwater search area for missing malaysia airlines flight 370 looks set to double in size. teams are scouring the depths of a remote part of the southern indian ocean for the remains of the passenger jet that disappeared more than a year ago with 239 people on board. so far , they 've covered about 60 % of the priority search zone without reporting any trace of the airliner. families of passengers and crew members still have no answers about what happened to their loved ones. if the searchers have n't found anything by the time they 've covered the entire 60,000-square-kilometer priority zone , the search will stretch into a new equally vast area , government officials from malaysia
-lrb- cnn -rrb- nine of ten mostly foreign prisoners on death row in indonesia have been given 72 hours notice ahead of their execution , according to a spokesperson for the attorney general 's office. `` seventy-two hours notification means three days , at least , to go to the execution. it may be longer. in other words , there will be no execution less than 72 hours after notification , '' tony spontana told cnn by phone sunday. though indonesian officials said all 10 would be executed at the same time , spontana said french national serge atlaoui had filed a challenge to the state administrative court on thursday so his sentence has been delayed. meanwhile , edre olalia , a lawyer acting for philippines maid mary jane veloso , told cnn sunday that veloso had telephoned her sister on saturday at about
sit down for a moment. relax. then clasp your hands together so your fingers entwine -- do n't overthink it ! now look at your thumbs. which one is on top -- the left one or the right ? if you are a man , the odds are it will be the left ; if you are a woman , it is more likely to be the right. now unfold your hands and take a look at your fingers , in particular your index finger -lrb- next to your thumb -rrb- and your ring finger -lrb- next to your little finger -rrb-. it can be quite subtle , but in men the ring finger -lrb- measured from the crease where it
runner : a short story about a long run. by lizzy hawker. -lrb- aurum press # 12.99 -rrb-. waiting nervously at the starting line of her first 155 km race around mont blanc , 29-year-old lizzy hawker looked down at her holey long johns , clumpy trail shoes and the poorly fitting rucksack she had borrowed , then up at the elite lycra kit of her fellow competitors. she had entered the 2005 ultra-trail du mont-blanc -lrb- utmb -rrb- on a whim -- but now , the reality of the challenge ahead began to sink in. she would be covering almost the same distance as that between her birthplace in the london suburbs and southampton , where she was studying for a phd in environmental science. and her slight , 5 ft 4 in body would have to keep lifting
former captain of the fictional star trek enterprise , william shatner has proposed a radical method to solve california 's ongoing drought disaster. he is planning to run a kickstarter campaign and is hoping to raise $ 30 billion -lrb- # 20 billion -rrb- to build a pipeline from seattle to bring water to the state. but the proposal to build a pipeline hundreds of miles long has been declared ` highly illogical ' by some experts. scroll down for video. former captain of the fictional star trek enterprise , william shatner -lrb- pictured -rrb- has revealed radical proposals in an interview with yahoo news. he wants to build a 4ft-wide
a queensland man was shocked when he discovered his delivery from five kilometres away had been on 2000km journey. the man , who only gave his name as chris ordered some computer equipment be delivered from griffith university at nathan in brisbane 's south to a parcel locker at sunnybank - located less than five kilometres apart. the tracking information of his delivery detailed its three-day , two-state odyssey. chris said australia post had not been in touch to apologise for the delay. the package was sent almost 2000kms away to chullora in new south wales , after it was picked up in nathan , queensland. the package was picked up from the sender in
bearing in mind he 's a dog , don the border collie did a pretty good job yesterday of piloting a tractor across a motorway. to be fair , however , this probably was n't the first thought to strike rush-hour drivers as they watched him crash through a fence and come hurtling towards them. like a scene from wallace and gromit , the intrepid sheepdog was at the controls when he sent the farm utility vehicle down a steep bank , on to the busy carriageway and into the central reservation barrier. don 's owner tom hamilton -lrb- pictured -rrb- was tending to a lamb when the sheepdog took control by nudging the controls. the tractor smashed
mogadishu , somalia -lrb- cnn -rrb- a car bomb exploded at a restaurant near the presidential palace in the heart of somalia 's capital tuesday , killing at least 10 people , including a woman and a boy , police said. somalia-based islamist militant group al-shabaab claimed responsibility for the attack. group spokesman sheikh abdiaziz musab , speaking to pro-al-shabaab outlet andalus radio , said the blast targeted and killed several somali intelligence agents. somali police spokesman qasim mohamed roble told reporters that the car bomb killed no government official or soldier. among the dead , he said , was a boy who shined shoes. the area is not a new target for al-shabaab , which has battled somalia
ap mccoy stood with the trainer , jonjo o'neill , in the parade ring. he tried to talk but his mind was elsewhere. he was waiting for the end to come. at 4.15 pm a bell rang out. mccoy did not need to be reminded for whom it tolled. he knew it tolled for him. he obeyed the signal for the jockeys to mount. he walked alongside box office , the final ride of his astonishing career , and then clambered into the saddle. the tears streamed down his face but he pulled down his goggles so that nobody would see. he rode out on to the course. mccoy was presented the champion jockey trophy by ian wright -
a food supplier for supermarket giant tesco has sacked a farm worker who was caught on camera urinating in a field of vegetables. a disgusted member of the public snapped the man on his mobile phone after spotting him using the field as a makeshift toilet. the worker , who can be seen in a high-vis jacket , casually stood in the middle of the crops urinating on the plants - despite a toilet being only 18 metres away. caught on camera : the farm worker seen urinating in a field of vegetables in benington , lincolnshire. a member of the public took the picture and informed the field owner th clements & son. th clements & son , which
i really enjoy celeb watching. for me it 's all about watching the parade of stunning women wearing dresses that i would neither be able to fit into nor afford. as i get older however , different things draw my attention. a clear sign that i 'm firmly settled in middle age may be the utterly sad truth that , i am riveted by the tight jaw lines. and on a recent trip to the u.s. it seemed that i am not the only one. i spent my time there scouring the faces of the women - and men - that i met , trying to spot a wobby chin or weak lower cheek. as a matter of fact i could n't find
when the ultra-rich splash out on a new superyacht , they expect it to come with all the latest accessories. and that 's exactly what they get with the 223ft explorer , which comes with its own helipad , infinity pool and plenty for space for supercar and jetski storage. with space for 12 lucky guests on board , the concept yacht from british yacht designer tony castro is the ultimate toy for the extremely wealthy and has been dubbed the ` range rover of the seas '. the 223ft explorer is an exclusive superyacht which comes with its own helipad and car storage as well as space for 12 guests. for those who do n't fancy taking a dip in the sea , there is an infinity pool on deck
politicians ' living quarters are under close inspection in order to establish just how human and how like -lrb- or unlike -rrb- us they really are. it is the current prime minister 's kitchen that has got everyone talking more than any of the other political leaders ' -- perhaps because he is a known ` toff ' , and britain , despite protests from the left and now the right , really still are obsessed with class. do you have as much cachet as cameron ? perhaps you 're more onslow and daisy than hyacinth ? scroll down for video. samantha and david cameron 's home has been put into the spotlight recently but do his belongings live up to etiquette expert william hanson 's expectations ? use my
former couple : ann malsbury -lrb- right -rrb- battered lee judson -lrb- left -rrb- with a saucepan and hair straighteners. an ex-girlfriend has avoided jail despite trying to strangle her former partner with an ipod cable. ann malsbury , 22 , of coventry , west midlands , also battered lee judson , 21 , with a saucepan and hair straighteners after she flew into a rage. the chef 's ex-boyfriend had gone round to her home in the city to collect his belongings after the pair broke up following an 18-month relationship , warwick crown court was told. but when mr judson bent down to pick up something , malsbury jumped on his back and wrapped a white ipod lead around his neck before trying
-lrb- cnn -rrb- another controversy has erupted from the press tour for the soon-to-be-blockbuster marvel 's `` avengers : age of ultron. '' after robert downey jr. walked out on an interview , his co-stars chris evans and jeremy renner found themselves in hot water wednesday over comments they made in a similar junket interview. when asked by digital spy about the character black widow 's flirtations with the other superheroes , renner responded `` she 's a slut , '' and evans , laughing , added that she is a `` complete whore. '' joking or not , fans on social media did n't take it lightly. by thursday , both actors apologized. cnn obtained a statement from renner saying , `` i am sorry that this tasteless joke
in february of this year , bride-to-be adele mckenzie found the dress she had dreamed of wearing when she married her partner of nine years , david elliot. little did she know she would never get the chance to wear it , despite already paying for half. the 31-year-old said when she slipped into the white lacy gown , she instantly saw herself standing in front of her friends and family and exchanging marriage vows with the love of her life. ` i had dreamt about this princess dress since i was a little girl , ' she told daily mail australia. adele mckenzie was set to marry the love of her life , david elliot , when she was
the new youtube kids mobile app targets young children with unfair and deceptive advertising and should be investigated , a group of consumer advocates told the federal trade commission in a letter tuesday. google introduced the app in february as a ` safer ' place for kids to explore videos because it was restricted to ` family-focused content. ' but the consumer activists say the app is so stuffed with advertisements and product placements that it 's hard to tell the difference between entertainment and commercials. scroll down for video. the home screen comprises eight tiles showing different videos as well as four icons -lrb- pictured -rrb- : a tv set for
andrew hennells , pictured , posted a message on facebook admitting his plans to rob a tesco supermarket 15 minutes before holding up staff. a man who boasted about plans for an armed robbery on facebook minutes before he threatened staff in tesco has been jailed for four years. andrew hennells posted details of his plan to the social networking site - stating he was ` doing. tesco. over ' at 7.25 pm on february 13. a quarter of an hour later , norfolk police were alerted by a member of the public to a man brandishing a knife demanding cash from staff working
ss sergeant oskar groening - known as ` the bookkeeper of auschwitz ' - is set to go on trial charged with complicity in the killing of 300,000 jews at the nazi extermination camp. an ss sergeant known as ` the bookkeeper of auschwitz ' is set to go on trial charged with complicity in the killing of 300,000 jews at the nazi extermination camp. auschwitz survivors and the relatives of those murdered there filed into court today for the trial of 93-year-old oskar groening - who may well have met their loved ones shortly before they were gassed. they spoke of their pain , pride and duty in confronting this ` cog ' in the machinery of genocide. groening , known as ` the bookkeeper
it 's the must-have wedding snap for newlyweds -- the happy couple celebrating with their closest family and friends after they tie the knot. but not everyone was smiling after sir paul mccartney married heather mills. take a closer look at macca 's wedding party picture and you 'll spot his daughters stella and mary looking decidedly glum. scroll down for video. the pair -- daughters of sir paul 's first wife linda , who died of cancer four years previously -- were said to have been less than overjoyed by their father 's choice of partner. the remarkable picture is a portent of the bitterness that would follow the wedding
a man has died after he was crushed by a garbage truck doing the early morning rounds in melbourne 's west. police say the man , a garbage truck driver , was collecting bins in footscray early on saturday morning when the truck rolled forward , pinning him between the vehicle and a pole. paramedics tried to revive the man but he died at the scene. workcover are investigating the incident , police said. police say the man , a garbage truck driver , was collecting bins in footscray early on saturday morning when the truck rolled forward and pinned him against a pole. the man died at the scene. meanwhile another man has died and two others are fighting for
an 11-year-old chinese schoolboy has become mute after he drank a glass of water which had been laced with perfume and chalk dust as part of a prank. pupil xiao gao , from fujian province in south eastern china , has not said a word in five days after a classmate who had allegedly bullied him gave him the water , reports people 's daily online. but medical experts are at a loss to explain his sudden inability to talk and say that the combination of water , perfume and dust - while nasty - should not have caused that type of damage. pupil xiao gao , aged 11 , -lrb- pictured -rrb- from fujian
terrorists are undergoing training in rural areas of west wales , it has emerged. locations in ceredigion , powys and pembrokeshire are also being used to radicalise muslims , according to an officer from the wales extremism and counter terrorism unit. those involved in such activities ` take part in seemingly ordinary activities ' in the community but ` have an ulterior motive ' , detective constable gareth jones said. training : locations in ceredigion , powys and pembrokeshire in west wales , illustrated above , are being used to radicalise muslims , according to an officer from the wales extremism and counter terrorism unit. speaking to ceredigion council , dc jones stressed
arachnophobes beware - the following will make your blood run cold. a victorian driver got a rude shock when a massive huntsman crawled out from inside his door handle. the spine-tinging video , which was captured in wangaratta , northeast victoria , begins with the man approaching his black holden ute and spraying the door with an insect repellent. the driver sprays his car with insect repellent , forcing a huntsman spider to reveal itself from under the door handle. ` get out , you bast *** , ' he stoically says to the spider. but the man appears less composed when the hairy huntsman 's legs pop out ,
david cameron urged an audience to support west ham during a speech yesterday - despite the fact he 's always claimed to be an aston villa fan. the prime minister subsequently admitted he 'd suffered a ` brain fade ' during the election campaign address in croydon , where he was outlining his vision for black and ethnic minority communities. he said : ` this a country where people of all faiths , all colours , creeds and backgrounds can live together in one place. david cameron looks a bit sheepish after accidentally urging the audience to support west ham - though he did n't correct
as seasons go , this one has been pretty close to perfect for bristol city. runaway leaders in sky bet league one , they became the first team in the football league to mathematically secure promotion on tuesday night - and in sensational style. hitting bradford city for six of the best in their own backyard saw them triumphantly over the finishing line , although given their free-wheeling and free-scoring form the result really came as little surprise. aden flint celebrates with a bottle of sky bet champagne following bristol city 's promotion. city players are sprayed with champagne after securing promotion from league one. and there 's more. add to that their memorable johnstone 's paint trophy victory at wembley last month -
they were young men from stable families who believed they were stuck in dead end jobs and looked on with jealousy at the flashy lifestyles of others who had girls , money and fast cars at their fingertips. what andrew chan , then aged 21 , and myuran sukumaran , 24 , came to have in common was the belief that smuggling drugs would provide them with a short cut to the life of ease and glamour and - their biggest mistake - that they could get away with it. thirteen years since their fateful first meeting , after all their legal appeals and pleas for clemency have been rejected , the ringleaders of the infamous bali nine , who were caught trying to smuggle more than eight kilograms of
intel has shown of a terrifying glimpse of the future - a swarm of robot spiders that can be controlled with a flick of the wrist. at the chip giant 's developers forum in china , intel ceo brian krzanich revealed the demonstration to show off the firm 's button sized computed and controller wristband. he was able to cause lights on the robots to change shape , and control their movement from the bans. scroll down for video. intel ceo brian krzanich controlling the four spiderbots with a smart wristband. the robots were powered by curie , a computer the size of a button developed by intel. ` today , i want to show you another example of curie , ' he explained. ` we put together a small wristband that can be used
almost 6,000 migrants were rescued in the mediterranean over the weekend , as traffickers took advantage of clement weather and calmer seas to dispatch dozens of boats. between friday and sunday 5,629 migrants were picked up in the sicilian channel. italy is the first port of call for migrants seeking new lives in europe. 160,000 made the journey last year , often on unseaworthy and overcrowded vessels. nine bodies were recovered after a boat carrying more than 150 people capsized off the coast of libya , the italian coast guard said. 144 were rescued. scroll down for video. almost 6,000 migrants were rescued in
a mother whose son suffers an incredibly rare disease , which makes his skin appear scalded , was shocked after a stranger reported her to police for child abuse. four-year-old rj jackson is one of just 70 people in the world who suffers netherton 's syndrome. his skin appears red and inflamed , and is often covered in dry skin that appears like scales on his body. his mother valerie jackson has to regularly cover him in creams to try and prevent his skin drying out. but while out shopping recently , mrs jackson was suddenly surrounded by armed police , who had been called by a member of the public. valerie
the world endurance championship , whose annual highlight is the le mans 24 hours sportscar classic , is getting rid of the grid girls. in a move that will be applauded by many , and is sure to dismay those accustomed to seeing scantily-clad beauties posing next to cars before a race , the fia-backed series is adopting a more progressive stance. ` from silverstone next week , you will see that for any race we will do - no grid girls like in the past , ' wec chief executive gerard neveu said after a presentation on thursday for the opening
they are proud words but ones spoken with relief coursing through them. they are a mother 's innately , protective words. ap mccoy 's mum. ` we are all going to sandown on saturday , ' says claire mccoy. ` it will be emotional in one way and relief in another. i 'll be glad and i will be sorry too. he has had a great career. ` twenty five years. it is the end of an era. i would not say i enjoyed every day of it and it is great he is hopefully coming out in one piece. tony mccoy poses
hull city are keen on signing leeds united midfielder alex mowatt. the 20-year-old has impressed this season scoring nine goals and has drawn admiring glances from several premier league clubs. hull manager steve bruce is keen to snap up any promising british talent as he looks to rebuild for the summer. providing his side can escape the drop mowatt is one of the players who he is interested in. leeds united midfielder alex mowatt -lrb- right -rrb- celebrates scoring a goal against wolves on monday. the 20-year-old has impressed in the championship this season and has attracted several top-flight suitors. hull sent scout john rudge
the son of gerry anderson , the brains behind the original thunderbirds , has criticised the computer-generated remake for lacking the ` magic ' of the classic show. jamie anderson said the cgi characters did not have the same charm as the ` lovingly detailed ' miniature puppets. thunderbirds will return to our screens tonight 50 years after the futuristic puppet show launched and landed all over the world. however , the jerky puppets that rescued the world from all kinds of disaster have been replaced by cgi images to create an entirely new look. original : gerry anderson , co-creator of thunderbirds , with star puppets parker and lady penelope. remake :
nicola adams has no intention of following her former great britain team-mate natasha jonas into retirement as she focuses on becoming a double olympic gold medallist in rio next year. having overcome another lengthy injury lay-off , adams is preparing to return to an english ring for the first time since her london 2012 triumph at the national championships in liverpool next week. and with a world gold medal still proving elusive , the 32-year-old adams insists she has absolutely no plan to set a time-scale on when it will finally be time to hang up her golden gloves. british boxer nicola adams is hoping to become a double olympic gold medallist in rio. adams -lrb- right , pictured during her london 2012 final win over cancan ren -rrb- is hoping to
two trainee obstetricians have been removed from a newly developed $ 2 million hospital in western australia reportedly over concerns about the quality of service and problems with patient safety at the obstetric unit. the concerns around fiona stanley hospital , in southwest perth , were revealed to thewest australian by unnamed sources. however , according to health authorities , the move was purely based on reshuffling junior medical faculty. the latest potential developments at the hospital follow recent reports that blood and bone fragments were found on supposedly sanitised medical instruments. the $ 2 billion fiona stanley hospital in southwest perth was found to have blood and bone fragments of some its medical instruments. the west australian was told junior doctors were moved to ` maximise training opportunities ' by a state committee that
he looks barely teenage. but this child has amassed thousands of twitter followers with his pictorial updates of ` gang life '. the baby-faced boy from memphis , tennessee , poses with guns , cash , and bags of what looks like marijuana. scroll down for video. baby-faced : this little boy has amassed more than 3,000 followers on twitter with pictures like these. in many pictures he is smoking suspicious substances , with captions such as ` high life ' backlash : the boy , from memphis , has prompted a wave of critics calling his stunts ` sad ' in one video he laughs and points the gun at the camera in an apparent attempt
a man stuck by a serious bowel infection has been cured after undergoing a faecal transplant , with stools donated by his daughter. len barnes shed three stone as he battled the life-threatening condition clostridium difficile , suffering bouts of diarrhoea. he lost his appetite and endured continuous pain. despite numerous courses of antibiotics during long spells in hospital , the 75-year-old was showing no signs of improvement. it was then that specialists suggested a faecal transplant. len barnes , 57 , from stockton , has been cured of the severe bowel infection clostridium difficile after undergoing a faecal transplant. his daughter debbie , left , acted as donor. ` i 'd never heard of it before , ' said mr barnes.
an aspiring model who set a honey trap to lure a professional gambler to his ` pitiless and wicked ' death in a bid to steal his winnings has been jailed for 16 years. leonie granger , 25 , targeted playboy mehmet hassan , 56 , after spotting him flashing a roll of # 50 notes at a casino in london 's west end. the care assistant , from gillingham , kent , used her good looks to befriend the poker player , who showered her with gifts , cash and trips to fancy restaurants. scroll down for video. aspiring model leonie granger -lrb- left -rrb- has been
if you 've always dreamed of seeing penguins in antarctica or tracking the siberian tiger in russia - but gorilla trekking in rwanda and spotting grizzlies in alaska also feature on your to do list , this could be the safari for you. but before you don your khakis , you 'll need a whopping # 176,000 going spare to take part. the grand adventure promises to deliver up and close and personal moments with some of the world 's most elusive and enchanting wildlife. scroll down for video. the adventure promises to deliver up and close and personal moments with some of the world 's most elusive and enchanting wildlife. to
a new york man who won three marathons in eight days last month said that his winnings will go toward the medical bills of his infant son , who has spina bifida , a developmental congenital disorder. bryan morseman , 29 , from bath , new york , started his streak at the montgomery marathon in alabama on march 14. he ran the tobacco road marathon in cary , north carolina , the next morning because it was one the way home to new york. a week later he placed first at the yeungling shamrock marathon in virginia beach. bryan morseman , 29 , of bath , new york , ran three marathons in eight days in hopes of raising money to pay for leeim 's medical bills. leeim was born with spina bifida
-lrb- cnn -rrb- buzz has surrounded hbo 's new documentary `` going clear : scientology and the prison of belief , '' but scientologist john travolta is not a fan. travolta told the tampa bay times that he has not seen the documentary , `` and i do n't really care to. '' `` i 've been so happy with my -lrb- scientology -rrb- experience in the last 40 years that i really do n't have anything to say that would shed light on -lrb- a documentary -rrb- so decidedly negative , '' travolta said. the actor , one of the church of scientology 's most high-profile members
-lrb- cnn -rrb- several of the world 's worst terrorist groups , like isis and al-shabaab , aim to create societies governed by strict , distorted versions of sharia law. that means anyone who does n't subscribe to such extremist views are enemies and in danger -- christians included. of course , christians are n't the only ones who have suffered at the hands of such organizations. for example , most victims of isis are fellow muslims who refuse to go along with the isis worldview and ruthless tactics. still , there 's ample evidence that christians have been targeted. the latest came friday , when an italian prosecutor revealed that a network of pakistanis associated with
a holocaust survivor who last week forgave a 93-year-old former ss officer - known as the ` bookkeeper of death ' - has angered her fellow plaintiffs by saying he should not be prosecuted. eva mozes kor , 81 , who publicly embraced oskar groening in court last week in an extraordinary act of forgiveness , called for the prosecutions of former ss officers to end. by doing so , she faced criticism from her co-plaintiffs in the case who suggested she should not have taken part in the trial in germany. scroll down for video. embrace : seventy years after auschwitz was liberated , eva kor embraced former nazi guard oskar groening. survivor : eva kor spoke of how josef mengele stood over her bed and laughed when she was injected with a ` deadly germ ' regret : groening -lrb- pictured -rrb- described in chilling detail wednesday how cattle cars full of jews were brought to the
it may have been invented for students to use. but youngsters appear to be deserting facebook in droves because it is now so popular with their parents -- and grandparents. almost a third of people aged 16-to-34 have deleted their accounts because they no longer see it as ` cool '. the trend comes as increasing numbers of older users turn to the social network to stay in touch and share family pictures. nearly 60 per cent of britons aged over 55 now have a facebook account , according to research. facebook has even started running television adverts to entice the so-called ` silver surfers ' to join. now a survey of around 2,000 britons has revealed that it is having the opposite effect on youngsters.
a gel made from patients ' own blood could help heal burns more quickly - and stop wounds getting worse. the gel contains platelet-rich plasma -lrb- prp -rrb- - a concentrated mix of substances in the blood that play a role in healing. it is made by taking a small amount of blood from a patient 's arm -lrb- amounts vary depending on wound size , but typically no more than a couple of tablespoons -rrb- and then processing it in a machine that spins the blood at high speed until it separates into its various components. blood is largely made up of a clear yellowish liquid ,
showcasing a pair of toned arms and a pretty decolletage , the strapless dress is a red carpet staple for fine-boned actresses such as jennifer aniston and gwyneth paltrow. but can a woman with 34g curves like mine ever look fab in a strapless dress ? secret support. lace pencil dress , # 169 , monsoon.co.uk. blue caged heels , # 39.99 , zara.com. i would never have believed that a strapless dress might make me look smaller than i am. this one manages the impossible. the narrow skirt clings to my hips and legs , making me look taller and slimmer ,
a mexican. archaeologist hunting for a royal tomb in a tunnel. beneath a towering pre-aztec pyramid has made a discovery that. may have brought him a step closer : liquid mercury. in the bowels of teotihuacan , a mysterious ancient city that. was once the largest in the americas , earlier this month sergio gomez found ` large quantities ' of the silvery metal in a chamber at. the end of a sacred tunnel sealed for nearly 1,800 years. and because of the potential supernatural significance of liquid mercury in ritual ends , deeper into the complex gomez hopes to find the elusive last resting
winning the league championship used to be the ultimate achievement for any manager and make him bombproof for many years to come. that 's not the case today. incredibly , the last four mangers to have won the premier league have all left their jobs by the following year -- three sacked and one retired. and on the latest evidence , it will be no surprise if manuel pellegrini becomes number five this summer. a dejected manuel pellegrini following manchester city 's 2-1 defeat to crystal palace on monday night. pellegrini guided city to their second premier league title in three seasons back in may. but pellegrini 's city side were humbled at selhurst park on monday to
kicking , punching and moving around during sleep might be an early sign of parkinson 's disease , a new review suggests. moving around in sleep , and seeming to ` act out ' dreams is a characteristic of a condition called rapid eye movement sleep behaviour disorder -lrb- rbd -rrb-. researchers have discovered about half of people with rbd will develop parkinson 's disease or another neurological disorder within a decade of being diagnosed , livescience reports. people with rapid eye movement sleep behaviour disorder -lrb- rbd -rrb- move around in their sleep and ` act out ' their dreams. up to 90 per cent of people with the
sales of manny pacquiao boxing gear and effects have soared as much as 10 times ahead of his may 2 megafight with floyd mayweather , with philippine retailers struggling to cope with demand from fans snapping up any paraphernalia they could find. online and front-end retailers are seeing record sales of pacquiao t-shirts , boxing gloves , figurines , caps and jackets , with buyers stocking up on items they believe could at least double in value if he wins what is the highest grossing bout in history. ` many are buying because prices might rise further if manny wins. so while the fight is still days away , they are already buying these items , ' said 50-year-old carolyn
crown princess mary of denmark cut a stylish figure as she attended a remembrance ceremony in denmark on thursday. the tasmanian-born royal looked appropriately sombre in a chic black ensemble paired with grey accessories to mark the 75th anniversary of the occupation of aabenraa. the crown princess stepped out solo for her royal duties , following a week of family celebrations honouring the 75th birthday of queen margarethe ii. scroll down for video. striking : crown princess mary of denmark cut a stylish figure as she attended a remembrance ceremony in denmark on thursday. sombre : mary was in the town of aabenraa to mark the 75th anniversary of the invasion of denmark by germany on april 9
a one-year-old boy who was shot and killed by another toddler who picked up and fired a loaded gun has been pictured. braylon robinson was playing at a house in cleveland , ohio , on sunday when another three-year-old boy found the unattended weapon and pulled the trigger. the bullet struck the baby boy in the face. minutes later , he was rushed to an area hospital , where he was later pronounced dead. it is unclear whether the infant was related to the older boy. now , investigators are apparently trying to determine where the gun came from - and the identity of the person responsible for bringing it into the house and leaving it within the toddler 's reach. scroll down for video. horrifying :
caykur rizespor midfielder ludovic obraniak was taken to hospital with a suspected heart problem after being substituted during his side 's match against fenerbahce on saturday. the poland international had to be replaced after just 30 minutes before being taken for tests. caykur rizespor revealed on social media that obraniak was not in any immediate danger following preliminary tests. ludovic obraniak -lrb- left -rrb- is currently on loan at caykur rizespor from german side werder bremen. moussa sow celebrates after scoring for fenerbahce during their 5-1 win on saturday. there were fears that the 30-year-old , who is on loan from bundesliga
a 37-year-old man was in custody tuesday following the deaths of his wife and their two children at their home in suburban detroit , police said. the bodies of a 37-year-old woman , a 2-year-old girl and an 8-year-old boy were discovered by police monday night , eastpointe police lt. neil childs said , and investigators were trying to determine the circumstances surrounding the deaths. ` we had no prior runs out there for domestic violence or anything of that nature , ' childs said. ` as far as motive is concerned , we 're still investigating. ' the victims have been identified as christie fradeneck , her daughter celeste fradeneck
-lrb- cnn -rrb- sophisticated , glamorous and spacious -- when the super-rich go house-hunting they are searching for something special. real estate in london 's swankier suburbs can catch a buyers ' eye. mayfair , kensington and chelsea have long been the stomping ground of the elite -- and are now welcoming a new wave of african investors. `` the africans who are coming into london now are africans who themselves have worked for their money , '' explains bimpe nkontchou , a british-nigerian wealth manager based in london. `` they have grown in industry and are actually part of the exciting
all three of the main parties ' education spokesmen revealed they would have no problem with the next education secretary sending their children to private school. the outbreak of honesty among politicians came when the bbc 's daily politics show presenter andrew neil , asked if it would be a ` acceptable for an education secretary to send their children to a private school '. tristram hunt , labour 's shadow education secretary answered first and said : ` yes. in certain circumstances '. he also confirmed labour could fire the thousands of ` unqualified ' teachers across the state sector. all three of the main parties '
john carver will turn to siem de jong in a bid to save newcastle 's sorry season. the # 6million summer signing suffered a collapsed lung in february and it was initially feared he would miss the remainder of the campaign , especially as it was the second time he had fallen victim to the problem. de jong has started just one premier league game since arriving from ajax and he was only days away from a return to action following a five-month layoff with a torn thigh muscle when he was diagnosed with the collapsed lung. newcastle attacking midfielder siem de jong could return to action before the end of the current campaign. de jong , pictured in training on april 9 with his team-mates , will feature for newcastle 's reserve side. however
ronny deila lauded his players for stretching their lead at the top of the premiership with victory at st mirren -- then hit out at the state of pitches in scotland. a james forrest strike and stefan johansen 's penalty were enough to see off a spirited challenge by the bottom side as celtic moved eight points clear of aberdeen. but although pleased with the way his side stayed patient to win , deila felt their cause was n't helped by the state of the paisley surface. and he believes scottish football will struggle to develop top players if there is n't a drastic improvement in our pitches. celtic
a woman is set to marry after falling in love with the driver who crashed into her car while she was parked waiting for her husband to return. ranette afonso , 42 , will marry marko conte , 30 , this october after they fell head over wheels in love and moved in together within two months of the fateful bump. ranette , from north london , who has a 21-year-old son and 18-year-old daughter with the husband from whom she is now divorced , said : ' i was waiting for my husband , who had popped into the bank , when i noticed a sporty nissan skyline trying to squeeze into a tiny space behind me. ranette afonso , 42 -lrb-
in the aftermath of sunday 's derby disaster the talk among fans was of summer incomings to reboot a blue machine that , all-of-a-sudden , looks as outdated as a commodore 64. then there is the inevitable speculation over the future of under-fire manager manuel pellegrini. but the biggest challenge for manchester city this summer could be keeping hold of something they already have. manchester city striker sergio aguero looks on dejected during the defeat by united at old trafford. the afternoon started so well for aguero and city when he opened the scoring after just eight minutes. aguero celebrates his 99th goal for manchester city with david silva as
a mum who says she felt like a ` rabbit in headlights ' after having her first child has designed an app to guide mothers through pregnancy and early motherhood , which even tells breastfeeding mothers which boob to use next. chloe owens , 27 , from swanley , kent , came up with the idea for bump 2 breast when she was pregnant with daughter lola , now three months old. like most first-time mums , chloe and husband david , had no idea what to expect when they brought their first child home from hospital. chloe owens , 27 , from swanley -lrb-
the book sex by numbers : what statistics can tell us about sexual behaviour was released this week and it 's a must-read for anyone fascinated by who really does what , where , when and how in bed. the author , david spielgalhalter , a cambridge university professor , sets out to investigate various sexual statistical claims and separate myth from reality. it 's prompted me to do the same. scroll down for video. scientists who reviewed 20 different studies of penis size , including 15,521 measurements of penises from around the world found some surprising results. since no other part of the human body is more shrouded in myth and folklore than men 's most precious part , it seemed the
eight san francisco police officers accused of sending racist and homophobic text messages have been suspended , and the police chief is recommending that the veteran employees be sacked. chief greg suhr announced in a statement friday that he has asked a police oversight committee to approve firing the officers. he called the texts ` despicable ' and says those who sent them ` clearly fall below the minimum standards required to be a police officer. ' authorities say that the offensive texts targeting blacks , mexicans , filipinos and gay men , which make repeated use of racist and homophobic slurs , were sent between 2011
lampedusa , italy -lrb- cnn -rrb- the cramped galley of the ship is filled with the smell of fresh garlic frying in olive oil. gaetano cortese , a tall , thin , sunburned 27-year veteran of italy 's guardia di finanza -lrb- finance police -rrb- is waxing eloquent on his favorite subject : food. `` we picked it this morning from the hills of lampedusa , '' he declares with a flourish , waving thin sprigs of wild asparagus under my nose. he demonstrates how you must break it apart with your fingers , bit by bit , until you get to
an airport worker has been awarded $ 40 million in compensation for a freak runway accident which left him paralyzed from the waist down more than seven years ago. brandon afoa , 33 , of puyallup , washington , was operating a tug to push aircraft at seattle-tacoma international airport when the brakes and steering failed , causing him to crash into a luggage lift. the incident , which took place at 2am on december 26 , 2007 , left afoa unable to use his legs or right arm. much of his intestinal tract also had to be removed by surgeons. afoa went on to sue port of seattle -
a dallas architect has taken 14 shipping containers and transformed them into a stunningly modern 3,700-square-foot three-bedroom home. the home , dubbed ` pv14 ' , also boasts a 1,400 sq ft roof deck that can fit up to 150 people , a 40ft long swimming pool on the ground floor and a 360 degree view of white rock lake and the sparkling lights of the city 's downtown. matt mooney wanted to stay true to the materials that became the foundation for his home. dallas architects matt mooney and michael gooden have transformed 14 shipping containers into a stunningly modern home. the 3,700 sq ft three-bedroom home , dubbed ` pv14 , ' boasts a 40ft long swimming pool on
they see less of leigh griffiths on the streets of leith now than they used to. he no longer plays for hibernian for a start. reinventing himself as celtic 's top scorer , the front-page headlines are also less evident. if no one imagines he now spends his days train-spotting , the nights seem a little quieter than they once were. leigh griffiths celebrates scoring his third goal of the afternoon against dundee united on sunday. hat-trick hero griffiths takes the ball home following his heroics against dundee at tannadice park. the 24-year-old -lrb- left -rrb- embraces his manager ronny deila after sunday 's convincing win. ` leigh used to
so the farewell tour will fizzle out rather than end with a bang. steven gerrard hoped his liverpool career would end at wembley but now the curtain will fall in stoke. the dream was for gerrard to end his 25-year association with liverpool by lifting the fa cup on his 35th birthday before starting his new adventure with la galaxy yet now the prospect is nothing like so glamorous. losing to aston villa in sunday 's semi-final will take time to get over. ` we did n't play , we looked very nervous , ' said gerrard on talksport. ` we 're a team built on
-lrb- cnn -rrb- the mass killings of armenians in the ottoman empire , which began 100 years ago friday , is said by some scholars and others to have been the first genocide of the 20th century , even though the word `` genocide '' did not exist at the time. the issue of whether to call the killings a genocide is emotional , both for armenians , who are descended from those killed , and for turks , the heirs to the ottomans. for both groups , the question touches as much on national identity as on historical facts. some armenians feel their nationhood can not be fully recognized unless the truth of what happened to their forebears is acknowledged. some turks
in the ancient inca kingdom , the wheel was yet to be invented , iron was foreign and steel was unheard of. so when the incas needed to travel across the andes , they did so on handwoven rope bridges , stretched over gorges and rivers. five hundred years later , just one of the inca rope bridges remains : the keshwa chaca , which spans the apurimac river near huinchiri , peru , in the province of canas. dangerous work : local villagers work on renewing the keshwa chaca - the last inca rope bridge - in the andes near huinchiri , peru. incredible skill : the 90ft
-lrb- cnn -rrb- gwyneth paltrow , the actress turned lifestyle guru , is known for promoting detoxes and health cleanses on her site , goop.com. but she 's now bringing awareness to the difficulties of life on food stamps. in a tweet friday , paltrow showcased an array of leafy greens , dried beans and rice , purchased for the amount a person living on food stamps is allotted each week , she explained. the amount of supplemental nutrition assistance program benefits a person can get is based on the u.s. department of agriculture 's thrifty food plan. the plan estimates how much
-lrb- cnn -rrb- sky watchers in western north america are in for a treat : a nearly five-minute total lunar eclipse this morning. here 's how it 's unfolding :. it started at 3:16 a.m. pacific daylight time , when the moon began moving into earth 's shadow. for the next hour and 45 minutes , that shadow will move across the moon and engulf it at 4:58 a.m. pacific time. the total eclipse will only last four minutes and 43 seconds , and nasa says that makes it the shortest one of the century. watch it live on nasa tv. while people west of the mississippi river will have the best view , at least a partial
a british isis fighter has complained about fellow jihadis fleeing the frontline then boasting of their bravery on twitter while posing with their weapons. omar hussain , 27 , from high wycombe , regularly makes videos and posts on social media about life in the so-called islamic state under the name abu sa'eed al-britani. last month he complained about peeling potatoes and his troubles with washing his clothes. in his latest video the former morrisons security guard , who used to live at home with his mother and has not managed to get himself a jihadi bride , accuses a fellow ` brother ' of running away from the frontline
-lrb- cnn -rrb- would you want a tv program about your family history to include details of a distant , long-deceased relative who had owned slaves ? seriously , who in their right mind would want to be tarnished by the sins of an ancestor you had no connection to other than a remote bloodline ? i would n't , and neither did ben affleck , who lobbied producers of a pbs show , `` finding your roots , '' to remove any reference to his great-great-great grandfather benjamin cole , a georgia slave owner in the mid-1800 's , in an episode that looked
-lrb- cnn -rrb- chile 's calbuco volcano erupted twice in 24 hours , the country 's national geology and mining service said early thursday. the agency said it was evaluating the spectacular nighttime eruption , but indicated it was `` stronger than the first one. '' about 23 1/2 inches -lrb- 60 centimeters -rrb- of ash fell in some places , according to the ministry of interior and public safety. authorities issued a red alert for the towns of puerto montt and puerto varas in southern chile. both are popular tourist destinations. a 12-mile -lrb- 20 kilometer -rrb- exclusion zone was established around the crater. military and police forces
andy murray clearly has a vision for how his wedding day will play out when he marries his long-term girlfriend kim sears in his hometown of dunblane on saturday. the world no 3 posted on twitter a hilarious series of ` emojis ' to his 2.98 million followers , displaying his various plans for the day. from the tweet its clear murray expects a day featuring plenty of laughter , romance , alcohol and even dancing. andy murray is delighted after some snooker with friends ross hutchins -lrb- left -rrb- and jamie delgado -lrb- centre -rrb-. the world no 3 posted this humorous tweet in 'em ojis ' on the morning of his wedding day in dunblane. murray 's friend and fellow tennis player jamie delgado also tweeted how the scot has been preparing for the big day with a caption
over the past couple of weeks it has n't just been zayn malik 's departure from one direction that has been making the headlines , it 's been his personal life too. for zayn 's relationship with little mix singer perrie edwards as come under scrutiny as the 22-year-old was once again accused of cheating on his fiance. at the weekend swedish model martina olsson claimed that she had slept with zayn while he was holidaying in thailand recently. scroll down for video. zayn and perrie pictured in happier times , the young couple have this week jetted off on what was thought to be a make or break holiday following accusations of him cheating.
sushi is a love-hate thing as a new video demonstrates. casey levi filmed the moment he tried to get his son sam to eat a california roll with a $ 10 prize up for grabs. he stipulated that there must be no ` gagging or making any faces. ' footage shows the youngster stepping up to the challenge but backing down after a minute 's hesitation and running off ` to be sick '. sam says at one point just looking at the sushi fills him with ` disgust '. ` it makes me want to vomit , ' he exclaims later on. caught on camera : casey levi filmed the moment he
for the 160,000 people crammed into churchill downs on derby day , picture-taking can run neck-and-neck with betting and sipping mint juleps amid a winning field of photo opportunities : sleek racehorses , daring fashion statements , celebrities and the twin spires. but this year , they 'd better not use selfie sticks. joining a growing list of museums , music festivals and sports venues around the world , the iconic louisville track hosting the 141st running of the kentucky derby on may 2 has banned the pole-like contraptions that grasp cellphones and allow people a longer reach to snap their self-portraits. churchill downs , which hosts the annual kentucky derby on may 1st and 2nd , has
i spoke to carl froch for an hour this week and we have talked long and hard about what he is going to do next. needless to say , we were disappointed to see julio cesar chavez jnr lose at the weekend against andrzej fonfara. it was n't a result we were expecting and it also blows away the chance of froch and chavez fighting in las vegas -- a fight carl wanted. now we turn to three big fights in the next two months to see what carl does next. i have held talks with gennady golovkin 's manager and there is also the possibility of bernard hopkins , but there are three fights
three former england rugby internationals on a charity expedition to the north pole continued with their trip despite the landing gear of their plane collapsing on their way out. lewis moody , danny grewcock and josh lewsey said they felt nothing more than a jolt. poor visibility at the makeshift 800m strip beside the russian operated camp barneo first caused an aborted landing. three former england rugby internationals - lewis moody , josh lewsey and danny grewcock - continued with their trip to the north pole despite the landing gear of their plane collapsing on their way out. the experienced pilots were then forced
a man who was locked up and tortured in a chinese cotton mill for 18 years has finally been rescued. xie shisheng , who was just 16 years old when was imprisoned by the mill owner , was found in a small dark room by authorities earlier this week. now 34 , a very gaunt xie , who did not know what year it was when he was rescued because he was so isolated from the outside world , said he was hit with a hammer , never fed properly and beaten daily. rescued : xie shisheng , who was just 16 years old when was imprisoned by the mill owner , was found by police in small dark room by police. government authorities in
most people , when scooping a massive win on the pools or national lottery , might follow the advice of a grey-suited financial adviser and buy a good-sized house , a reasonably flash car , take a couple of nice holidays and then live off the income from what 's left. but the story of viv nicholson -- who died on saturday aged 79 -- is an exuberant lesson in what happens when you ignore all the advice and just blow the lot. when viv , a cake-factory worker from castleford in yorkshire , and her coal miner husband keith won # 152,319 , 18 shillings and
forget teddy bears. one baby girl has found the ultimate snuggle buddy : boo the husky dog. troy slezak from huntington beach , california , filmed his seven-month-old daughter stella playing with the giant pooch on the living room floor at home. footage shows the duo rolling around together and even stopping for nose rubs. best of friends : troy slezak from huntington beach , california , filmed his seven-month-old daughter stella playing with the giant pooch on the living room floor at home. at one point stella places one hand by boo 's mouth. but the friendly dog does n't bite and calmly gives the tot a loving lick back. she even gives stella a lick on the lips before the two lay down side-by-side. smiles all around
a british-born street artist is taking a bold stand against american culture in his most recent piece currently on display across los angeles. this week , artist plastic jesus put up seven ` no kardashian parking anytime ' signs around hollywood , including in front of the kim , khloe and kourtney kardashian-owned clothing store dash and other hot spots such as the ivy restaurant and cecconi 's on melrose. plastic jesus told the hollywood reporter that he came up with the idea for the piece while driving down melrose avenue a few weeks ago. london-born street artist plastic jesus erected several ` no kardashian parking anytime ' signs around los angeles this week - including
a widow who was left # 15million by a high-rolling gambler has launched a multi-million pound lawsuit against his family -- claiming she is owed up to # 385million more. ruanne dellal says her husband jack was worth at least # 400million when he died and the # 15million left to her was an ` absurd presentation ' of his true wealth. the former beauty queen has launched a high court claim against his relatives , in which she claims the property tycoon must have given away vast chunks of his fortune in secret deals to his family. scroll down for video. lawsuit : jack dellal left his whole estate to wife ruanne , but she is suing
-lrb- cnn -rrb- `` hamlet. '' `` romeo and juliet. '' `` a midsummer night 's dream. '' for centuries , these plays and three dozen more by william shakespeare have formed history 's most heralded literary canon. but now they may have to make room for an addition to shakespeare 's famous oeuvre. new research indicates that `` double falsehood , '' a play first published in 1728 by lewis theobald , was actually written more than a century earlier by shakespeare himself with help from his friend john fletcher. the findings were published this week by two scholars who used computer software to analyze the writings of the three
lausanne , switzerland -lrb- cnn -rrb- the bad news ? the deadline to agree on what will be the parameters for an endgame pact on iran 's nuclear program has come and gone with no deal. the good news ? the sides are still talking. whether your glass is half-full or half-empty , it does n't change the fact that it 's not easy to reach resolutions on complex issues involving nuclear physics and international relations. nor does it change the fact that tuesday 's self-imposed deadline did n't really matter anyway : the date that really counts is june 30 , when the parties must figure out a
she 's a household name , having hosted several tv shows , edited the australian women 's weekly , and launched her own wellness website ` balance by deborah hutton ' ... and now deborah hutton has added another accolade to add to her merit - she 's releasing a cook book of favourite recipes that she has compiled over the years. this week hutton has released ` my love affair with food ' in collaboration with the australian women 's weekly , featuring over 40 recipes as well as some of her cherished food memories and personal photos. the 53-year-old media personality shared her favourite recipes from the book with daily mail australia. scroll down for recipes. cooking credit : media
the seven-year-old daughter of a lesbian couple has made a video to help explain to other children who have two mothers how they were created. sophia breaks down the issue simply for youngsters by explaining the baby-making process in a very cute way. the short film was created by the next family , an organisation that supports diverse families. how life begins : seven-year-old sophia , the daughter of two moms , made a video to help others understand how her moms had a baby. simply put : sophia created some illustrations to help make her point as she addressed the camera. ` if you 're a kid with two moms and you
a 60-year-old woman has been arrested for allegedly running an unlicensed dental clinic. carmem dierks was running the dodgy practice in west orange county , florida , according to authorities. she is facing charges of practicing unlicensed dentistry and operating an unregistered dental lab , according to the orlando sentinel. during a raid on her practice , authorities discovered hundreds of patient files , two dentist chairs , an x-ray machine and dental molds. carmem dierks , 60 , was running a dodgy dental practice in west orange county , florida. she was arrested on tuesday by sheriff 's deputies and posted
bruce jenner revealed he is a republican and a christian during the much-anticipated interview in which he revealed he is transitioning to be a woman. interviewer diane sawyer looked shocked when he made the revelation on her abc 20/20 special last night. jenner said ` i 've always been on the more conservative side ' when he was asked about lgbt issues - and replied ` yes ' when asked if he was a republican. sawyer had mentioned president 's decision to identify trans citizens in his most recent state of the union address. jenner said : `` he actually was the first one to say the actual word transgender , i will
a women 's rights group has slammed a popular eatery for their latest advertising campaign which they claim objectifies women 's bodies to sell beer. the lowenbrau keller , in sydney 's the rocks , has released a social media and bus campaign featuring the slogan ` wunderbra ' underneath a photograph of a woman in a low-cut lederhosen holding a tray of beer steins. the same campaign also features an image of two women in a similar state of dress with the caption ` make mein a dubbel ' , sparking outrage from collective shout , who claim the advertisements reinforces
-lrb- cnn -rrb- pushed to his limits , a college professor took the extreme measure of threatening to fail his entire class. in an email to his students , irwin horwitz accused them of `` backstabbing , game playing , cheating , lying , fighting. '' the professor at the texas a&m university galveston campus expected his missive would create some conflict , but that it could then be resolved quickly -- and quietly. those hopes were dashed when one report by local media mushroomed into a tornado of nationwide coverage. the story went viral. suddenly , his name was spreading on twitter , facebook and reddit , accompanied by the kind of strong , unvarnished opinions that you can make about people
a local council has been criticised for banning an indian food stall from a st george 's day event because it ` only wanted english food '. british-born stall-holder tania rahman , 27 , was asked by salisbury city council if she wanted to run a stand at the celebration later this month. but when she asked to be counted in she was told her stall , chit chaat chai , would not be allowed because it is not ` english-themed '. ` discriminatory ' : tania rahman received a letter from salisbury city council telling her it would not accept her offer to run a food stall at a st george 's day event because it ` only
ahead of a weekend featuring drama from the barclays premier league and fa cup semi-finals , sportsmail brings you the latest squad news , odds and stats on every fixture as it breaks. simply click on your team in the fixture list below to find out who is ruled out and who is making a return as well as all the key statistics surrounding your club 's fixture. in or out ? keep up-to-date with all the latest team news and stats ahead of the weekend. saturday. premier league. crystal palace vs west bromwich albion -lrb- 3pm -rrb-. everton vs burnley -lrb- 3pm -rrb-. leicester city vs swansea
it was good while it lasted. starbucks announced late friday night that a computer outage that affected registers at 8,000 stores in the us and canada , prompting baristas to give away free drinks , has now been resolved. the global coffeehouse chain said in an update on its site that stores are expected to open for ` business as usual ' saturday. the company said earlier the outage affected 7,000 stores in the us and 1,000 in canada. it did not explain exactly what caused the outage , which began in the early evening on the east coast and in the
it is a saddening site of great human and cultural loss following nepal 's devastating earthquake that has killed at least 4,000 people. but dozens of people have been clambering around the debris of the famed dharahara tower in kathmandu to take selfies in front of the wreckage. they have been taking pictures amongst the rubble of the historic nine-storey structure , which has been reduced to an enormous pile of red brick dust. scroll down for video. ` this is not right ' : a man takes a selfie at the historic dharahara tower that was damaged in saturday 's earthquake in kathmandu , nepal. criticism : one rescuer in nepal said those who were taking photographs of themselves and friends were not ` understanding the
on may 23 , 2010 , bride-to-be rachelle friedman was pushed into a pool. breaking her neck , she was instantly paralyzed from the neck down. as paramedics rushed around her , friends wept , and her fiancé frantically phoned from three hours away , rachelle had one question : could she still have kids ? ` it was the first thing i thought of , ' rachelle told dailymail.com. ' i had no idea what was going to happen to me , or what was going on. but ever since i fell in love with chris i wanted to have babies with him. when i fell in the pool and they were saying things like `` paralyzed '' , i did
england ace joe hart labelled fellow goalkeeper gianluigi buffon a ` legend of the game ' after seeing the italian veteran claim his 147th cap. hart , who passed an impressive milestone of his own by representing his country for the 50th time on tuesday night , said after the 1-1 draw with italy that buffon was an inspiration. speaking to fa tv , hart said : ` i 'm still learning my game and i 'm still watching the likes of buffon and the way he goes about his business at 37 years old. england and manchester city goalkeeper joe hart has lavished praise on fellow goalkeeper gianluigi buffon. hart has labelled buffon , who
-lrb- cnn -rrb- duckie 's still got moves. on tuesday night 's `` late late show '' on cbs , actor jon cryer reprised the character 's record-store dance to otis redding 's `` try a little tenderness , '' right down to the wall-dancing , the counter-bashing and , of course , the trademark white shoes. in the original scene , one of the best-loved bits from the 1986 john hughes film , cryer dances around a record store , lip-syncing the song as he tries to win the affection of molly ringwald 's andie. in tuesday 's recreation , he dances in tandem
usually parents get to work teaching children their abcs. but one parent decided to teach their baby an altogether less practical trick. american youtube user kentuckyfriedidiot filmed himself teaching his newborn daughter how to suck a plastic water bottle. footage shows him gnawing on the side of a drinks container before stopping and prompting his child to follow. the infant then obediently performs the same stunt with a water bottle of her own. the duo then sit together enjoying some bonding time with their simple props ,. to date the clip has been watched more than 190,000 times , with many viewers deeming
brighton and hove albion are giving the club 's young players training in the law and ethics surrounding sexual consent. the championship side are the first club to provide training and counselling to its youth players , reports the bbc. the protect , inform and prevent -lrb- pip -rrb- programme aims to explain when consent can be said to have been given , in law. brighton and hove albion are giving young players training in the law and ethics surrounding sexual consent. part of the training is said to involve players taking part in confidential question and answer sessions about previous encounters and is led by a former police detective and a
the amount of time people spend listening to bbc radio has dropped to its lowest level ever , the corporation 's boss has admitted. figures show that while millions still tune in , they listen for much shorter bursts. the average listener spent just ten hours a week tuning in to bbc radio in the last three months of 2014 , according to official figures. the length of time people spend listening to bbc radio has dropped to its lowest level ever , figures show. this was 14 per cent down on a decade earlier , when listeners clocked up an average of 11.6 hours a week. the minutes of the bbc trust 's
the curtain fell on mercedes-benz fashion week australia 2015 on thursday night in a spectacular finale show by johanna johnson. the glamorous hollywood-inspired collection , ` sirens ' call ' , featured mirrored embellishments , fringing , and feathers , while the hair and make-up appeared to be influenced by the great gatsby. johnson 's trademark gowns featured heavily in the collection , which was created in under one month , interrupted by separates of leather and cashmere. scroll down for video. grand finale : mercedes-benz fashion week australia 2015 ended in sydney on thursday night with a spectacular show by johanna johnson. hollywood glamour : the
kim jong-un learned to drive when he was just three years old and won a yacht race at the tender age of nine. at least that 's according to a new school textbook that takes the meaning of the phrase 're - writing history ' to a whole new level. the bizarre claims are being taught to pupils across north korea as a way of indoctrinating future generations into glorifying their dictator in much the same way that his father , the late kim jong il , and his grandfather , kim il sung , were blindly heralded in days gone by. perhaps unsurprisingly , the manual contains now mention of the country 's history , instead devoting
the lapd for searching for the person who tagged a police horse with graffiti this week - but the answer may be in the so-called ` art '. the horse , charly , was patrolling venice beach with his minders on tuesday when the vandalism incident occurred. it was broad daylight , and somehow the person managed to spray charlie without the handlers seeing - a move that taggers pride themselves on , but usually with stationary objects and facades. ' i think it 's unfortunate , but people love to tag things in venice , so really , i guess a horse is just the next step , ' local mark
there 's no doubt that mesut ozil is an easy target for ex-pros and pundits. but when he 's at his best he is worth paying to watch. i 'd much rather see a quality player do something special than a bunch of grafters with nothing to show for it. against liverpool , ozil was at his brilliant best in a massive game. you do n't become a real madrid hero or win the world cup without being something special. ozil is just that. mesut ozil wheels away to celebrate after his brilliant first half free-kick against liverpool. ozil is congratulated by his team-mates during arsenal 's impressive 4-1 victory on saturday afternoon. 7 - ozil has been involved in seven goals in
it 's normally steffon armitage who triggers it , but this time it is nick abendanon 's doing. he played so well for clermont auvergne last weekend -- again -- that england 's policy against picking players based abroad is back in focus. for the umpteenth time , the rfu and stuart lancaster are being urged to invoke the ` exceptional circumstances ' get-out clause. there is an assumption in many quarters that , this being a world cup year , it is time to abandon all principles and do whatever it takes to ensure that every englishman , wherever he may
another 19 kids and counting star is one step closer to saying ' i do '. josiah duggar , 18 , has revealed that he has entered into a courtship with 17-year-old marjorie jackson , who he met while the pair were taking spanish lessons together. and just like several of his siblings before him , as the two embark on the path towards a potential marriage , josiah and his new love interest will have to follow his family 's incredibly strict courting rules , which require the couple to go on chaperoned dates , with ` side hugs ' the only permitted form of physical contact. ' i met marjorie a few years ago , when i was taking spanish
while the world 's most elite surfers have taken to their boards to win the illustrious margaret river pro , the real prize has gone to the spectacular and sometimes frightening wipe-outs. australian josh kerr took home the prize for the most impressive crash when he put too much weight on the front of his board and flipped head first into the break , emerging bruised and beaten. the 31-year-old was attempting to surf the notorious ` box ' - a right hand barrel at margaret river 's main break on wednesday. scroll down for video. the most impressive wipe-out went to australian surfer josh kerr when he plunged head first into the reef. kerr
when it comes to travel , there are a lot of things that affect the trips we book - and one of them could be the way we vote. while conservative supporters love a good trashy plane read , it seems liberal democrats prefer to opt for the window seat for flights , while ukip supporters are the most likely to want to save money on holiday. the unusual statistics were revealed as part of a travelzoo survey into voters and their holiday habits , revealing the greens love a long-haul trip and labour are the most likely to try out their dance moves on
a new mother who ` died ' for 11 minutes during her son 's birth woke up four days later with no memory of ever being pregnant or having her baby. hilary wilson , from whitchurch , shropshire , was technically dead for a terrifying 11 minutes after suffering a severe cardiac arrest as her son , felix , was being born. the 41-year-old woke up four days later , with absolutely no idea that she had been pregnant , or that she had given birth to felix just days earlier. it was only when she saw a picture of her new baby wearing her children 's hand-me-downs
tousled hair. check. five o'clock shadow across a lantern jaw. check. a hint of fresh sweat ? check. the current crop of male leads smouldering all over our television screens are rocking a ` pretty but gritty ' look that makes colin firth 's erstwhile mr darcy look positively hygienic. shows such as poldark , vikings , outlander and game of thrones are dressing up their key actors in breeches , leather and chain metal and asking them to get down and dirty for their art , much to the delight of watching female fans. battle of the breeches ! actor kit harington -lrb- left -rrb- , clad in leather , plays jon snow in the hit hbo fantasy
an adorable fox cub trapped in a garden fence was set free by a wildlife expert named simon cowell. the rescue mission was captured on camera and features mr cowell , who runs the wildlife aid foundation in leatherhead , surrey , travelling to the cub 's location in his car. he notes that the young fox is unable to go forwards or backwards in its current position and that it has been stuck around 40 minutes so in desperate need of being set free. the young fox cub had been stuck for around 40 minutes and was in desperate need of being set free. upon arrival , mr cowell
the mail on sunday has set a remarkable new record -- after being voted sunday newspaper of the year for a third year in succession. a hat-trick in the prestigious london press club awards is unprecedented for a quality , family newspaper. judges gave the award to the mail on sunday ahead of fellow nominees the sunday times and independent on sunday , saying such a rare feat was ` fully deserved by a paper where journalistic excellence across the board has led to commercial as well as journalistic success '. they also praised our all-round quality that , week after week , sets the agenda and forces daily
lounging on a deckchair by the pool , soaking up the sun in a skimpy bikini , rhiannon langley is just like any other tourist on holiday in thailand ... except she 's sporting two bruised eyes , swollen cheeks and a bandaged nose. the 24-year-old from melbourne is recovering from rhinoplasty , but rather than recuperating at home , she is at a five-star hotel , part of the $ 5,190 ` bangkok nose job ' medical tourism package she is on. rhiannon , a popular social media personality with almost 200,000 instagram followers , told daily mail australia that she has been enjoying
pep guardiola will be reunited with barcelona after his bayern munich were paired with the catalan giants in the champions league semi-finals. the manager is to return to the nou camp for the first time since leaving in 2012. real madrid face juventus in the the other semi-final. the first legs will take place on may 5/6 with the returns the following week. pep guardiola is to return to the nou camp as bayern munich face barcelona in the champions league. the draw was made at uefa 's headquarters in nyon , switzerland on friday morning. the semi-final draw had all the usual anticipation and build-up that comes with uefa
multi-million pound yachts , private jets and exclusive bolt-holes are not only the preserve of the super rich. if you know where to look , how to shop and when to book you can save thousands of pounds on exclusive travel deals. from private islands and aston martins to castles and 75ft yachts , travelmail brings you an expert guide to holidaying like millionaire - no six-figure salary or coutts bank account necessary. scroll down for video. if you know where to look and when to book you can holiday like millionaire - no six-figure salary necessary. private jets. if you think chartering a private jet is only possible for the likes of
a chinese villager who was desperate to become a grandfather has been arrested for buying a wife for his son , then reselling her to another family after realising she was infertile. the man , known only as xu , even tried to impregnate the ` daughter-in-law ' himself after discovering his son had not slept with his wife a single time. xu is currently under arrest for human trafficking by the police of lianyungang city in eastern china , according to the people 's daily online. desperate for a grandchild , xu -lrb- pictured -rrb- bought a wife for his son ,
rubbish teams refused to empty a recycling bin because it had an empty crisp packet on its lid. binmen said the bag of walkers prawn cocktail crisps fell foul of the rules -- even though it had been dropped there by a litterbug. elsewhere they left another bin full of rubbish because there was a scrap of cellophane on top. the binmen in farnham , surrey , said the bag of walkers prawn cocktail crisps fell foul of the rules -- even though it had been dropped there by a litterbug and not by the owner of the bin -lrb- file image -rrb-. now enraged residents in farnham , surrey ,
cape verde 's 2-0 win over portugal was the most eye-catching international result of the week. so , who are cape verde and why has this tiny island off the west coast of africa suddenly become an international football force ? where are the cape verde islands ? cape verde is a group of islands 400 miles from senegal off the west coast of africa. its population is around 500,000 and boasts both beautiful beaches and striking volcanic landscapes , making it a haven for tourism. cape verde is a picturesque island off the african coast with a population of just 500,000 people. does it have any footballing tradition ? more than you think. manchester united winger nani is from cape verde and could
a new york city doorman says he 's been fired for being too good at his job. ralph body , up until march 29 , manned the front desk of the luxury 27 on 27th building in long island city , queens. the 41-year-old told the new york post he ` gave his life ' for his wealthy tenants and would go out of his way to do any personal tasks they asked -- all while keeping a cheerful smile on his face. but that willingness to go above and beyond for tenants -- by taking care of pets and watering plants , among other chores -- did n't sit well with the 2-year-old building 's management
suddenly an opportunity. from looking as if a door had been slammed shut on them , liverpool , unexpectedly , have a chance to kick it back open and capitalise. when liverpool 's players trudged from the emirates stadium pitch , having been pummelled into submission by arsenal , all hope of a top-four finish looked to have evaporated. brendan rodgers , subdued and disconsolate , admitted as much in his post-match debrief. the rodgers who left london nine days ago is very different , though , to the rodgers who will step into anfield 's technical area on monday , feeling optimistic and satisfied
a nurse screamed with joy and then burst into tears as her paralyzed patient suddenly got up out of her wheelchair and walked towards her. bailey murrill , of denton in texas , had been inexplicably paralyzed for 11 days and was being cared for in hospital. she had regained feeling and movement in her legs and when her favorite nurse came on shift decided to surprise her by getting up out of her chair. scroll down for video. bailey murrill surprised her shocked favorite nurse when she got up and stood on her own for the first time after being inexplicably paralyzed for 11
belgian teenager obbi oulare scored as club brugge came from behind to beat anderlecht in front of scouts from a number of europe 's top clubs. scouts from manchester united , everton , sunderland , burnley , dortmund and leverkusen were in belgium to watch the top of the table clash. and sportsmail understands 19-year-old oulare was the reason the scouts from england and germany were in attendance. club brugge forward obbi oulare holds off a defender during his side 's europa league game last week. oulare started against dinpro in midweek and scored against anderlecht for the brugge on sunday. and he did not disappoint
-lrb- cnn -rrb- the night before her daughter 's first triathlon , kate parker could tell the child was nervous. ella and her younger sister , alice , are athletic , loud , curious , wild-haired kids. they grew up watching their mother compete in races and ella had asked to sign up for her own. still , as they laid out everything she 'd need the next day , parker , a photographer , could tell she was afraid. `` why do n't we get a picture ? '' parker asked ella , now 9. `` show me your strongest face , show me your bravest face , even if you do n't feel that way right now.
ahead of this weekend 's premier league action , sportsmail will be providing you with all you need to know about every fixture , with team news , provisional squads , betting odds and opta stats. here is all the information you need for sunderland 's home clash with crystal palace ... sunderland vs crystal palace -lrb- stadium of light -rrb-. team news. sunderland. sunderland midfielder sebastian larsson is suspended for crystal palace 's barclays premier league trip to the stadium of light on saturday. the sweden international will sit out the next two games after reaching 10 bookings for the campaign during sunday 's 1-0 derby victory
cell phone footage has emerged appearing to show actor dennis quaid having a diva-esque meltdown on the set of his latest movie. the video , which surfaced on reddit on monday evening , shows quaid -- famed for roles in blockbusters such as wyatt earp , any given sunday and the day after tomorrow -- losing the plot after someone appears to wander into his line of sight. ' i am acting here , and this d *** head wanders onto my set. i ca n't even get a line out until dopey the dick starts whispering in your ear , and you 're
not one but two very familiar faces will be ranged against andy murray on the support benches as he revisits one of the most highly charged matches of his career. tomas berdych is his opponent in the semi-final of the miami open , the man murray met -- and eventually beat -- at the same stage of the australian open in january. it was a match that had everything , with even the saintly kim sears caught uttering profanities in the direction of the czech powerhouse. andy murray will have to cope with seeing two of his former team in the opposite corner in miami. fitness trainer jez green -lrb- left -rrb- and coach danny vallverdu left murray to join tomas
-lrb- cnn -rrb- the sun had n't risen at garissa university college. most students slept in their beds. a few had woken up to head to early morning christian prayers. then the terror began. it started with an explosion and gunshots around 5:30 a.m. thursday -lrb- 10:30 p.m. et wednesday -rrb- at the kenyan school 's front gates. the attackers continued to fire as they stalked through campus , with the red cross saying they stopped at a girls ' dormitory. at one point , they burst into a room where christians had gathered and took hostages , said lecturer joel ayora. a student in the room told alex kubasu , a reporter
a man caught on film by surveillance cameras allegedly hitting his three-year-old toddler in the face at a supermarket was arrested on friday. kero-tv reports 23-year-old justin whittington of bakersfield , california was taken into custody on thursday night on suspicion of child endangerment after the video of the alleged abuse surfaced online. the relationship between the toddler and whittington has not yet been revealed by police but the owner of vest market harry dindral said the man was the boy 's father and said that he 's seen them in the store together before. warning graphic content. scroll down for video. the punch : surveillance video shows a man chasing a toddler then hitting him
atlanta -lrb- cnn -rrb- a passenger on an atlanta-bound air canada flight told a cnn reporter on the plane friday that a stranger sitting behind him tried to choke him. oliver minatel , 22 , said he was sleeping on air canada flight 8623 from toronto when he felt something around his neck. `` with a rope , something that he has , he just jumped on me. that 's what happened , '' minatel told cnn 's paula newton moments after the incident. she was seated four rows behind minatel , a professional soccer player traveling with his team. the incident occurred
former olympic swimmer eamon sullivan has revealed the details of his romantic proposal to his girlfriend , perth lawyer naomi bass. the smitten couple were holidaying in japan and were out for a walk one evening when bass mentioned how the beautiful setting among the cherry blossom trees would be perfect for a proposal , sullivan , 29 , told woman 's day. the sporting hero has won two silver olympic medals and a number of gold and bronze at the commonwealth games. ` we were walking one night and came across a lone tree in full bloom , complete with white
the front pages of saturday 's australian newspapers featured moving tributes to richie benaud , the former australia captain and iconic cricket commentator , who has died aged 84. the daily telegraph in australia had a special tribute edition with the headline ' a marvellous innings ' next to a striking image of benaud during the 1961 ashes series. the weekend australian went with ` the voice of our endless summers falls silent ' , while the age simply had a picture of benaud standing on a cricket field with the dates 1930-2015. the age had a special tribute edition to richie benaud on saturday. the weekend
a young man who has been stuck in the foster system since the day his mother gave birth to him behind bars has finally found a home. davion navar henry only , 16 , became the face of adoption and an example of all the struggles faced by many teenagers in the system when in 2013 he stood up in a suit and told worshipers at florida 's st mark missionary baptist church ; ` my name is davion and i 've been in foster care since i was born. i know god has n't given up on me , so i 'm not giving up either. ' he then said ; ` i 'll take anyone.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- officer michael slager 's five-year career with the north charleston police department in south carolina ended after he resorted to deadly force following a routine traffic stop. slager , 33 , has been fired , officials said wednesday. his wife is eight months ' pregnant and the city will continue paying for her medical insurance until the baby is born , north charleston mayor keith summey told reporters. he also has two stepchildren. his mother was interviewed by abc news on thursday. she told abc her son loved being a police officer. `` i ca n't imagine him doing something that. ... it 's not like him. that 's just not his character , ''
nairobi -lrb- cnn -rrb- an elite police commando unit waited hours for transport from nairobi , kenya , to garissa , where al-shabaab terrorists had taken over a university on april 2 , according to one of the commandos who participated in the response operation. the commando asked not to be identified for fear of reprisals and because he was not authorized to speak. al-shabaab slaughtered 147 people at the school. of the fatalities , 142 were students at the university , and the rest were security forces and campus security. at 7:00 a.m. local time , the response team was told to assemble for a mission to garissa
-lrb- cnn -rrb- the university of michigan has decided to proceed with a screening of the film `` american sniper '' despite objections from some students. more than 200 students signed a petition asking the school not to show the movie as part of umix , a series of social events the university stages for students. bradley cooper was nominated for an oscar for his portrayal of chris kyle , a navy seal and the most lethal sniper in u.s. military history. kyle was fatally shot at a texas shooting range in 2013. some students believed the movie 's depiction of the iraq war reflected negatively on
an indian salesman is facing seven years in prison and a fine of up to one million dirham - around # 186,000 - for allegedly cursing islam and the prophet mohammad on facebook. the 41-year-old man - identified only by his initials s.g. - is said to have posted a ` blasphemous ' status on his facebook page after watching a news bulletin about the war in iraq on television last july. if found guilty , the suspect could face up to seven years in jail , a fine of between dh250 ,000 to dh1 million , or both. the indian salesman faces imprisonment after he allegedly shared a ` blasphemous ' status on his facebook page. he told police he was sent the image over whatsapp , but allegedly then
-lrb- cnn -rrb- canadian fighter jets have carried out their first airstrike against isis in syria , hitting one of the sunni militant group 's garrisons. the cf-18 hornets bombed near isis ' de facto capital of raqqa , canada 's department of national defence said wednesday. it described the strike as successful. canadian forces are part of the u.s.-led coalition trying to stem the extremist group 's bloody advances in iraq and syria. canadian warplanes have conducted dozens of strikes against isis targets in iraq since november. canadian prime minister stephen harper announced plans last month to expand the airstrikes into syria. `` this first airstrike under the expanded mandate demonstrates our government 's firm resolve to tackle the threat of terrorism against canada and to promote international security and stability , '' defense minister
-lrb- cnn -rrb- most companies in south korea have hoesik at least once a month and sometimes every week. literally , this means dinner with co-workers. in practice , it means official eating/drinking fests involving multiple rounds of alcohol at multiple venues. for the foreign business traveler , using foreignness as an excuse to bow out of the action only goes so far. the pressure to participate is intense. drinking etiquette is the first thing you teach foreign guests , '' says bryan do , a korean-american director at the south korean branch of a u.s. company. `` it was shocking when i first arrived in korea. `` my boss was a graduate of korea university -lsb- renowned for its hardy drinking culture -rsb- and at my first
` washington 's horribly broken , ' kentucky republican sen. rand paul said tuesday , but it came in the midst of a tv interview broken up by prickly moments and interruptions. paul , who launched his presidential campaign tuesday in louisville , kentucky , sparred with today host savannah guthrie about his past foreign policy positions. as guthrie rattled off a list of issues where she said the senator had flipped and flopped -- iran , aid to israel and defense spending -- a testy and impatient paul cut her off. ` why do n't we let me explain instead of talking over me , ok ? ' he griped. prickly
in a show that could rival sydney 's light show ` vivid ' , carla zampatti 's ss15-16 collection made a splash at sydney 's opera house today to celebrate the designer 's 50 years in fashion. the stunning presentation kicked off proceedings for mercedes benz fashion week that officially begins this sunday , april 12. the collection is said to be a celebratory nod to the excessive glamour of the eighties and features bold indian pinks , buttercup yellows and electric blues against a backdrop of zampatti 's signature black and white tailored pieces. on wednesdays we wear pink !
catania , sicily -lrb- cnn -rrb- we are at the beginning of a massive and mounting crisis with no solution in sight. perhaps that 's incorrect. the migrant crisis that has suddenly drawn hundreds of journalists to sicily has been brewing for years , but in the past 10 days , with as many as 1,600 deaths in the mediterranean , suddenly minds are focused -- for now. almost exactly four years ago , in libya , i caught , perhaps , a glimpse of what was to come. it was late at night in the besieged city of misrata. hundreds of african migrants were caught between the libyan civil war -lrb- back then some
aeroplanes are infamous as breeding grounds for bacteria , with tray tables , seats and blankets singled out as the worst offenders on board. but an entrepreneurial team are hoping their new invention will revolutionise the cleaning of aircraft and help airlines win the battle against bacteria. arthur and mo kreitenberg have created a robot , called the germfalcon , which uses ultra violet light to kill bacteria throughout the cabin. scroll down for video. a father and son team have created a robot , called the germfalcon , which uses ultra violet light to kill bacteria throughout the cabin. the seats , tray tables and blankets on an aeroplane are breeding ground for bacteria including e.coli. according to the businessmen , germs such as e.coli and mrsa can
carla suarez navarro advanced to the final of the miami open after topping andrea petkovic 6-3 , 6-3 in a semi-final on thursday. the spaniard 12th-seed did n't face a single break point and will meet either top seed serena williams or third seed simona halep in saturday 's final. it 's the eighth time that suarez navarro has reached a wta final. she 's looking for her second title. carla suarez navarro celebrates after match point in her match against andrea petkovic on thursday. suarez navarro will play either simona halep or serena williams in the final of the miami open. petkovic , the no 9 seed from germany , lost to suarez navarro
a st. louis woman is doing all she can to stop the city from tearing down the house that has housed three generations of her family. charlesetta taylor , 79 , has lived in her home for 70 years , and was a member of the first african-american family to live in her neighborhood , and now it and 49 others , may be bulldozed. this so the city can make way for a campus for the national geospatial-intelligence agency. scroll down for video. charlesetta taylor -lrb- above -rrb- , 79 , may have her home of 70 years torn down by the city of st. louis. taylor -lrb-
two teenage cancer survivors have been left distraught after photographs they posted on facebook to celebrate getting the all-clear were reported for nudity. tiffany williams and jessica versey , both 19 and from chester , cheshire , became close friends during their treatment and went into remission around the same time. they then took to social media to post images of themselves - including one of miss williams 's bald head and another of miss versey 's chest scar - but these were reported for being ` offensive '. reported for nudity : tiffany williams and jessica versey , took to social media to post images of themselves -- including one
-lrb- cnn -rrb- the much-discussed trailer for `` batman v. superman : dawn of justice '' just got a makeover. soon after the trailer went up late on friday , youtuber bobby burns got to work on doing his own version using classic superhero footage. instead of ben affleck and henry cavill facing off , this version wonders what it would be like if comics ' classic characters adam west and christopher reeve took their places. cnn spoke to 18-year-old burns about what motivated him to make his now-viral video. -lrb- warner bros.. pictures , the studio behind `` batman v. superman , '' is owned by time warner ,
bernie ecclestone has urged lewis hamilton to think the unthinkable -- and consider a move from mercedes to ferrari. formula one 's puppeteer , who still pulls virtually every string in the paddock at the age of 84 , was speaking after calling hamilton in for talks at his office in bahrain. hamilton , 30 , has yet to put pen to paper on a new contract with mercedes. he says that only small details need finalising , but until the ink is dry there are no guarantees he will stay. formula one supremo bernie ecclestone with lewis hamilton in bahrain. nico rosberg got the better of mercedes team-mate lewis hamilton in
sunday , april 26. that is when it becomes real. the second act of tony mccoy 's life. on saturday he will dismount from the bay gelding box office after the 4.25 pm at sandown park -- the bet365 handicap hurdle -- and it will begin. perhaps it will not quite sink in , at first , amid the cheers and roars , the hoopla and a presentation from ian wright , an arsenal hero , as befits mccoy 's club allegiance. yet the following morning , when mccoy awakes an ex-jockey , he will understand there are no more competitive rides , no more races , no more cheltenhams or aintrees or even modest little handicap hurdles to separate
-lrb- cnn -rrb- talk show host dr. mehmet oz is defending himself against a group of doctors who accuse him of `` manifesting an egregious lack of integrity '' in his tv and promotional work and who call his faculty position at columbia university unacceptable. in a written statement issued last week , oz said , `` i bring the public information that will help them on their path to be their best selves. we provide multiple points of view , including mine which is offered without conflict of interest. that does n't sit well with certain agendas which distort the facts. for example , i do not claim that gmo -lrb- genetically modified organism -rrb- foods are dangerous ,
a london marathon runner stopped mid-race to ask his girlfriend to marry him in an incredibly heart-warming video. jordan meikle was filmed approaching the spectator 's barriers at a section of the 26-mile course near canary wharf by his girlfriend 's father mark harris. the 23-year-old , who moments before carefully removed a ring box from a bag around his waist without his girlfriend seeing , is captured standing before her stretching his muscles. jordan meikle stretches his muscles in front of the spectator 's barriers at the london marathon. biding his time while masking the slight smirk on his face , jordan lunges into another stretch --
bald , emaciated and close to death : this is the shocking images on show inside a caged hen farm in victoria. these were the scenes that greeted animal liberation victoria activists who broke into wagner 's poultry farm in coldstream in march. the photographs they took at the yarra valley farm give a chilling insight into the bleak world of caged chicken factories. scroll down for video. some of the hens found at wagner 's poultry farm were ravaged and dying. some looked as if they had only a few days left to live such was their condition. eggs were still being
-lrb- cnn -rrb- on october 31 , 2014 , the italian government announced the end of `` mare nostrum '' -- a naval mission that rescued would-be migrants in peril as they tried to cross the mediterranean to seek security and a new life in europe. in the operation 's year-long existence , the italian navy and coastguard had rescued an estimated 100,000 people. but it proved expensive and politically contentious , and europe was not prepared to help italy shoulder the burden of the crisis. without european support , the italian government cut back the naval assets dedicated to rescuing migrants. mare nostrum , which had been launched after some 600 people died when two migrant ships sank in 2013 , was
more than 1,000 crimes have been created by the coalition in a frenzy of law-making -- including a ban on washing clothes in trafalgar square. the legislative splurge is equivalent to introducing a new law for every working day. in the coalition agreement , the tories and lib dems pledged to roll back labour 's ` state intrusion ' , promising a bonfire of pointless powers. but research shows the government has invented 22 ways of criminalising the public every month. the so-called crimes include diving into the thames without authority , queue-jumping at a tube station and hogging the middle lane of a motorway. making it
-lrb- cnn -rrb- a popular chinese television host known for impromptu satire is now the subject of controversy after being caught on camera cursing the late chairman mao zedong. bi fujian , who works for state-run china central television , was filmed at a dinner party singing a revolutionary song that eulogizes the communist party 's early years when he started going off script. `` the communist party , chairman mao. do n't mention that old son of a b *** h. he made us suffer so bad , '' went bi 's improvised lyrics. the other dinner guests burst into laughter. bi later apologized. `` my personal speech has led to
not every greek island lets you rent a boat and potter about at will , but skopelos does. it 's the difference between a good holiday and an adventurously good holiday - with some embarrassment thrown in. on day one , after manoeuvring our rented boat into sheltered waters off kastani beach , i cut the throttle and my girlfriend threw out the anchor. splash ! splendidly small : skopelos has a relaxed , offbeat vibe that plays out in the pretty port of chora. as the breeze pushed us back , the short anchor line quickly ran out until the end
a georgia woman is speaking out about her refusal to follow doctors ' advice and pull the plug on her husband of just seven months following a devastating motorcycle crash. danielle davis says she looked to her faith when she was faced with the prospect of losing her husband brian in 2011 , just seven months after they were married. ' i knew that god could get us through that , ' she said , in an interview at the couple 's georgetown home tuesday. ' i did n't think that it was too big for god. ' scroll down for video. tragic : danielle davis says she looked to her faith when she was faced with the prospect
a 16-year-old transgender girl who spoke about being bullied at school in fallbrook , california killed herself , a support group said , raising questions about what educators can and should do to support students who change gender identity. taylor alesana described her struggles in one of the many videos she posted to her fans last november , saying ; ` i 've lost tons of friends , tons. and it 's been hell. i go to school every day , and i get my lunch and i sit down alone. ' she took her life on april 2. scroll down for video. taylor alesana -lrb- above
a german language teacher has been suspended in france after suggesting that panzers should invade the country again so as ` subdue unruly pupils '. the frenchwoman also used her classes to defend adolf hitler 's domestic record , and his plans for overseas expansion. ` he was a good man who built motorways and liked music , ' she is alleged to have said , before being suspended from the auguste remoir college in limoges , west-central france. the german language teacher suggested that tanks -lrb- pictured is a panzer during the second world war -rrb- should be used to invade france again to subdue unruly pupils.
former top gear host jeremy clarkson has decided against hosting bbc 's have i got news for you later this month. the tv personality was due to record the show , which he has hosted in the past , on april 23 to be broadcast the following day. the recording would have marked his first appearance for the bbc since being dismissed for hitting top gear producer oisin tymon in a ` fracas ' at a hotel over dinner. scroll down for video. jeremy clarkson will not be hosting an episode of have i got news for you later this month , according to the show 's producers , though they expect him to return to the show later in the year. jimmy mulville
loss : audrie pott , 15 , killed herself in 2012 after she was sexually assaulted at a party. two of her attackers have finally apologized and admitted she was unconscious during the ` criminal act ' two teenagers have finally apologized for sexually assaulting a 15-year-old girl who later committed suicide after images of the attack were shared around her high school. the pair , who have not been named , admitted audrie pott was unconscious at the time and did not consent to their ` criminal acts ' as they reached a civil settlement with her family. they also apologized for sharing false rumors spread around saratoga high school in northern california that ` served to shame
two women were knocked out and a reveller was arrested after ` all hell broke loose ' in a mass brawl involving up to 20 holidaymakers at pontins. police were called after teenagers started ` running riot ' and women threw chairs at one and other during the fracas at southport holiday park , merseyside , yesterday evening. holidaymakers said two women were knocked out in the fight , which they said started in the main hall before spilling out to an outside area. scroll down for video. two women were knocked out and a reveller was arrested after ` all hell broke loose ' in a mass brawl involving up to 20 holidaymakers at pontins -lrb- pictured -rrb- in southport , merseyside. one man from liverpool ,
prince harry will go on tough bush patrols and take part in ` indigenous engagement ' programmes during his four-week secondment with australian defence force , kensington palace has revealed. the prince is due to arrive in australia on the 6th april and will split his time between capital canberra , sydney , darwin and perth. on arrival , harry will be taken straight to the australian war memorial on arrival before heading to barracks to report for duty. on his way : harry will deploy to australia next week and will begin with a visit to the australian war memorial. last trip : harry last headed down under in 2013 when he took part in navy celebrations. first though , he
an oregon man adopted from south korea as a toddler fears that he could be torn away from his wife and three children because his u.s. citizenship was never registered. adam crapser , 39 , of salem , was issued with deportation papers by the department of homeland security in january and a hearing is set for april 2. the father-of-three , who has a fourth child on the way , arrived in america with the name shin sonh hyuk in 1979 around the age of three along with his biological sister. however , his first set of adoptive parents abandoned him
a mother of four has pledged to remove her children from school to attend an ancient maypole festival - despite facing fines or even prosecution. anna james , 32 , has vowed to defy the school 's ban on taking her children to the ` obby ` oss celebrations - claiming the rituals are part of her ` religion , culture and heritage. ' the school blocked her request under a government crackdown on unauthorised absences announced in 2013. mrs james pictured with her son ethan -lrb- far left -rrb- , piran -lrb- centre -rrb- and sophia -lrb- right -rrb- at last year 's maypole festival. but mrs james said she would be willing to take the consequences of any
whether he is in a car park , a factory or even a field , ed miliband is never far from a lectern during the election campaign. the labour leader has been touring the country with the prop in an attempt to make him appear more statesmanlike. he has delivered key speeches in the campaign stood behind the lectern. but it has also been deployed when he is just making some brief remarks or holding question and answer events with members of the public. the labour leader has been touring the country with the prop in an attempt to make him appear more statesmanlike - using it in a north london street on april 16 and then in lincoln the next day. he
england suffered an injury scare at the start of their practice ` match ' here in st kitts when stuart broad dramatically slipped in his delivery stride and was left clutching his ankle on the floor. broad had complained about the state of the crease , which was damp after overnight rain , after bowling just three balls of his first over of the day at warner park. the groundsmen placed sand on the crease but from the very next delivery broad slipped and went crashing to the ground , a blow which necessitated lengthy treatment before he left the field.
out there in the desert , the mirage continues to shimmer for amir khan. the identity of the challenge becomes blurred in the haze. first it looks like floyd mayweather. now he glimpses manny pacquiao. and in which oasis in the sand might he finally touch gloves with one of the two best boxers on earth ? the initial lure has been mayweather in las vegas , nevada. now the siren call is pacquiao in abu dhabi , united arab emirates. for two years khan has been so close to fighting mayweather that he could smell the resin and hear the roar of the crowd. yet each time he reaches out ,
many people have the bad habit of squeezing blackheads and pimples on their faces. but for one new york-based writer , the urge to stand in front of a mirror and poke at and squeeze her pores for hours on end became so bad that it actually started ` sabotaging ' her life. in an inspiring essay for marie claire , jenna marotta , 27 , tells of her experience with dermatillomania - a compulsive skin-picking disorder that left her face bleeding - and how she managed to overcome it. ` i 'd descend `` into the mirror '' for up to
as one of the world 's most successful female designers , victoria beckham was unlikely to turn up at the london marathon in trainers. despite it being an off-duty day , the 41 year old wore a pair of skyscraper heels to cheer on her son romeo , 12 , in the children 's marathon earlier today. she accessorised her skinny jeans , leather jacket and ` team romeo ' t-shirt with a pair of alaïa boots , which retail at approximately # 1,500. scroll down for video. victoria beckham at the london marathon today. r13 kate distressed skinny jeans. get a similar style at farfetch ! visit site. just when we thought we knew victoria beckham 's sense of style better
shopping with friends is bad for your bank balance -- because it encourages people to spend far more than they would if making purchases by themselves. in a survey of 1,000 people from across the country , conducted by personal budgeting software company youneedabudget.com , 64 per cent of adults confessed that they end up spending more money when they shop with friends. the main reasons for this were said to be ` showing off in front of friends ' and ` succumbing to peer pressure and buying things we would n't ordinary buy '. peer pressure : 64 per cent of adults think they spend more money when they go shopping with friends , many blaming
ask manny pacquiao why he believes boxing to be the greatest sport of all and there is no mention of the $ 120 million or more he will be paid for going toe-to-toe with floyd mayweather in the most lucrative fist fight in history. rather , his mind goes back to when the pacman was the packid , a 12-year-old urchin in the mud of the philippines whose mother was eking out the food for the family. ` somebody told me and my friends some fights were being put on in the town , ' he recalls. ` i did not know what boxing was but they said they you got a prize whatever the
it 's hot or not time again as ian ladyman reveals what 's been making him feel warm this week and what 's been leaving him cold inside. hot. chris smalling. smalling used to be part of the problem at old trafford , now the defender 's improvement has been such that he 's at the forefront of manchester united 's march back to relevance. next up for smalling : lessons in passing. chris smalling , in action against didier drogba , has been at the forefront of manchester united 's resurgence. bob willis. it 's a mystery why the former england fast bowler now spends life on the sky sports undercard as he remains one of
the parents of a five-year-old transgender boy are sharing their son 's story with the world in a bid to prove that there is no such thing as being ` too young ' to identify as transgender. massachusetts couple mimi and joe lemay 's son jacob was n't always a boy. the five-year-old was born mia , the second of three sisters. but from a very early age , jacob began rejecting his gender. and after years of questioning how to handle his preferences , before finally coming to terms with what their son wanted , the lemays explained to nbc news that they
amanda holden today revealed that her sister is trapped on mount everest after the devastating earthquake -- but said her life may have been saved because she had altitude sickness. the tv presenter said her sister , debbie , had managed to contact the family to say she was safe after a 7.9-magnitude quake struck nepal on saturday , killing more than 4,000 people. she said : ` it 's awful , i can barely speak. i 'm still quite numb. it 's hard to take in what an awful situation it is in nepal. ' in a fortunate twist , she said debbie had not yet reached everest base camp , where a deadly
a celebrity doctor known as ` healing hans ' has played a key role in getting paula radcliffe to the start line for sunday 's london marathon. ` i was close to pulling out , ' she admitted. ` there was definitely a point i was worried because i thought , `` god , if i ca n't run for 45 minutes , i ca n't get round a marathon ''. ' instead radcliffe turned to renowned german doctor hans-wilhelm muller-wohlfahrt , who has worked with the likes of ronaldo , michael owen and usain bolt. world record holder paula radcliffe said she ` was close to pulling out ' of the london marathon on sunday. but hans-wilhelm muller-wohlfahrt , who has worked with ronaldo , has made sure radcliffe will race. despite a
the body of a new york woman was left dangling from a fire escape for more than an hour sunday after she hung herself , police say. the unnamed woman was discovered around 8.20 am sunday hanging from the third-floor fire escape of her apartment building on utica ave. near prospect place in crown heights , the new york post reports. one man , who declined to give his name , told the new york daily news that he awoke to find the woman 's body hanging outside his apartment. ` i 'm traumatized. we got up and she was dead , ' he said. ` she hung herself outside my window. ' hanging : the body
do n't be fooled , arsene. do n't be caught out by this impressive run of form and think everything is in place for a crack at the title next year. it is not uncommon to see arsenal finish a season with a string of good results. usually they rattle out a sequence of wins just in time to preserve their place in the top four but too late to affect the destiny of the barclays premier league. the same thing has happened this year. chelsea were relentless from the first whistle and have had the title race firmly under control since before christmas. arsenal players celebrate after their extra-time winner against reading
maternity style can be a hard thing to get right. with a swiftly-changing body and fluctuating shape , it can be difficult to dress during pregnancy. many will be glad to know that our celebrity counterparts seem to struggle with it just as much , but a few have it nailed down by landing on a signature style that takes them through the whole nine months. helen flanagan stepped out recently to show off her burgeoning bump in a slinky clinging dress , red lips and heels , confirming that when it comes to maternity style there are distinctive camps. scroll down for
if you had # 140,000 to splurge , would you splash out on an aston martin db9 volante or maybe even a three-bedroom detached house in nottingham ? or , would you rather shell your hard-earned savings on a pink handbag ? that is exactly what retailer vestiaire collective is hoping for , as they put a hermes bag on sale for a cool # 140,000 on their site. is this britain 's most expensive handbag ? a sade-to-measure pink croc hermes birkin bag embellished with rubies has gone on sale for # 140,000. so what do you get for your money ? the made-to-measure pink croc hermes birkin bag comes embellished
geoff barrow has accused streaming services of giving music away , saying his band portishead were paid just # 1,700 despite getting 34million plays. the founder of rock band portishead has waded into the debate over music streaming , saying that he received just # 1,700 in royalties despite his songs being played 34million times. in a series of tweets geoff barrow , portishead 's founder and instrumentalist , attacked spotify , youtube , apple and ` especially ' universal music for selling his music cheaply. he added that he has nothing against streaming , but wants musicians to be paid more , and says it is hurting young talent , stopping people from establishing themselves on
a museum in hawaii is preparing to open a treasure-trove of artifacts from the shipwreck of a royal yacht sunk off the coast of kauai 191 years ago. richard rogers , a hawaii shipwreck chaser , worked with scientists from the smithsonian institution to dredge up the findings from the ship owned by king kamehameha ii , aka liholiho , the second king of hawaii. ` we found gold , silver , hawaiian poi pounders , gemstones , a boat whistle , knives , forks , mica , things from all over the world , high - and low-end european stuff.
nick robinson returned to the tv screens last night , with his voice still recovering its strength after his cancer treatment. the bbc 's political editor announced at the start of march that he would be taking some weeks off for treatment for a rare lung tumour. but he expressed hopes he would be fit again in time to cover ` the election proper '. last night he returned to the bbc 's news at six to analyse the labour 's party 's manifesto from the studio. bbc political editor nick robinson made a brief return to tv screens last night -lrb- pictured -rrb- , although his voice sounded weak and strained following his cancer surgery. mr robinson 's voice sounded weak and strained after his treatment
a teenage girl has suffered serious injuries after falling 200ft from a cliff at a campsite - in front of her horrified father. the 15-year-old girl , named locally as leah price from the nottingham area , was airlifted to hospital last night from the blue dolphin camping site near filey , north yorkshire. it is believed she lost her footing on the cliffs. a retired woman who owns a caravan near the cliff has said she heard crying and shouting before she rushed outside. tragedy : the cliffs at filey where a 15-year-old girl , named locally as leah price
that 's a wrap - mercedes-benz fashion week australia came to a close on thursday night in sydney , with the johanna johnson show bringing the event to a spectacular close with her hollywood-inspired sirens ' call presentation. now that the heels have been kicked off , the cameras put down , and the last bottle of champagne drunk , femail take a look back at the week , taking note of the trends emerging from the shows , the beautiful designs we ca n't wait to hang in our wardrobes and the trends we wo n't be trying any time soon. some dazzling creations had fashion spectators dreaming
this is the terrifying moment a woman drives the wrong way down a highway and plows into oncoming traffic in an apparent suicide attempt. jack rivera , a new york trucker , captured the collision on his dashcam as he drove along the interstate 35e in texas last wednesday. footage shows the driver of a black suv , identified as 49-year-old laura michelle mayeaux , coming off at the 397 exit and veering over to the wrong side of the lane. she then steers head-on into a truck which rolls over on its side with debris flying everywhere. as the back end of the 18-wheeler swings out , it pushes a red
-lrb- cnn -rrb- we want our killers to be kind. to walk into court and show remorse , tell us that they are really nice people who only did it because they feared for their lives , or they were temporarily insane. even though those things may not be true , too often they are accepted as legitimate excuses for murder. well , aaron hernandez , the former new england patriots tight end and now convicted murderer , made none of those excuses. he walked into court with an air of bravado , his head held high like the $ 40 million , nfl superstar he was just a couple of years ago. several times he was even caught winking at his
the police officer accused of murdering walter scott will be banned from seeing his first-born child for several months , it was revealed today. patrol officer michael slager will be refused the right to hold the baby which his wife jamie is set to give birth to in a few weeks. he is only granted video access to his eight and a half month 's pregnant wife and an officer stands outside the booth whenever he talks to his family. they are not allowed to spend any time together and contact is via video screens with headphones at the charleston county jail. but
property portfolio : sol campbell and his wife fiona. the polls might have the parties neck-and-neck -- but it looks like sol campbell is taking no chances. for the second time this year , the former england footballer is selling a multi-million pound property -- leading to speculation he wants to dodge labour 's mansion tax if the party wins the election. an outspoken critic of the policy , campbell has even threatened to leave the country if the tax on properties over # 2million comes into force. earlier this year it was revealed he had taken the apparently bizarre decision to sell a # 20million
condition : jessica knight ca n't stop eating carpet underlay and the stuffing from soft furnishings. it 's not the first time a child has been accused of eating her parents out of house and home -- but in jessica knight 's case , it 's literally true. the four-year-old has an unusual appetite for furniture , soft furnishings and fittings , and doctors say they are unable to treat her. hardly anything is off the youngster 's menu , with the filling from a rocking horse , padding in an armchair and even carpet underlay taking her fancy. other non-food
one in five american women are willing to undergo dangerous beauty treatments in order to achieve the ideal look , despite the risks that these procedures pose to their health. according to a new study , while just over half of women worry about the long term damage of beauty treatments , nearly a fifth would still pursue a treatment to get the right look - even it it proved hazardous to their health. seven per cent , meanwhile , have actually had allergic reactions. the survey , conducted by beauty research organization lqs and associates , looked at the lengths 1,000 american women go to in order to enhance their appearances or copy a celebrity , and the potentially disastrous consequences they might face in doing so ,
it is not the first advertising billboard in which a company has used the image of a svelte , bikini-clad model to sell its wares and it probably wo n't be the last. but something about this poster for protein world diet supplements has struck a collective raw nerve. the company is facing a massive backlash over its billboard campaign -- including vandalised posters , a petition , a protest rally and even a bomb threat. scroll down for video. protein world 's billboard campaign advertising diet supplements features a svelte bikini-clad model asking ` are you beach body ready ? ' campaigners launched a scathing attack on the protein supplement company after the advert -- which features a toned model posing with the slogan ` are
its firechat app paved the way for chatting to friends without the need for the web or even a mobile signal. and now developers at open garden have built a small device designed to make these off-the-grid networks stronger. called greenstone , the egg-shaped gadget acts like a beacon , or booster , to help messages move around these so-called wireless mesh networks more easily. its firechat app paved the way for chatting to friends without the need for the web or even a mobile signal. and now developers at open garden have built greenstone - a small egg-shaped gadget that acts like a beacon , or a booster , to help
a few months ago aston villa would have been happy with premier league survival. now they have a chance for so much more. in recent years villa have struggled to compete but they are a proper club. when i left arsenal for villa it was because i felt they shared similar traits - tradition , history and both took pride of place in their communities. villa were one of the founder members of the football league and in the early years of the fa cup , the trophy was almost theirs to keep. now this group has a chance to embrace that history and write the
many of us dream about escaping our everyday lives for something more exotic. ten years ago , bartender liz clark did just that when she swapped cleaning glasses for sailing around the world. the 34-year-old left her home in san diego , california , when she was given a cal 40 sailboat on the condition that she sail the globe and document her travels. scroll down for video. ten years ago , bartender liz clark did just that when she swapped cleaning glasses for sailing around the world. the 34-year-old promised to document her travels on a cal 40 sailboat after being
tyler macniven became known to millions when the aspiring filmmaker won the ninth season of the amazing race , and a $ 1million prize , and now it seems he may have used some of that money to create one epic save the date. macniven and his fiancee , kelly hennigan , made a three-minute film to give friends and family a heads up on their fast approaching nuptials , and the two went all out in the process. the video , inspired by action films , shows the two literally saving ` the date ' as they wash up on shore , fight friends disguised as
-lrb- cnn -rrb- we 're 2 degrees from a different world. humans never have lived on a planet that 's 2 degrees celsius -lrb- 3.6 fahrenheit -rrb- warmer than it was before we started burning fossil fuels , in the late 1800s , and climate experts say we risk fundamentally changing life on this planet if we do cross that 2-degree mark. `` this is gambling with the planet , '' said gernot wagner , the lead senior economist at the environmental defense fund and co-author of the book `` climate shock. '' think super droughts , rising seas and mass extinctions.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- if there 's one thing that hurts more than the saddle sores from cycling around china for 460 days , it 's having the bike you did it on stolen just days before completing your epic trip. that 's what happened to cyclist wang pingan as he neared the end of a two-wheel trek that covered thousands of miles through every major province in the vast country , according to local media. arriving in the southern city of shenzhen , in southern guandong province , wang locked up his trusty mountain bike , loaded with panniers , to check out electronics markets in the city 's huaqiangbei area. within 10 minutes the thieves struck.
it 's 11 years since arsenal won the title. they went from invincibles to incapables. and you can throw bottlers into that description as well. of course chelsea could implode and hand the title to arsenal over the next six weeks or so , but that 's unlikely. if it does happen it 's a title that 's long overdue and nothing can ever take away the barren years when arsenal and arsene wenger were an embarrassment at home and abroad -- specialists in failure. those years will always hang heavy around wenger 's neck. yes , yes , there 's the fa cup currently sitting there in the
fed up : lucas hinch shot his computer 8 times in the alley of his herb and tea shop. police in colorado have cited a. 37-year-old man for carrying his computer into an alley then. shooting it eight times with a handgun after what authorities. said had been a long battle with the uncooperative machine. lucas hinch , who runs an organic herb and tea shop , was cited for discharging a firearm within city. limits after officers responded to a ` shots fired ' call early on. monday evening , the colorado springs police department said in a. statement. ` investigation revealed a resident was fed up with fighting. his computer for the last several months , ' said the statement ,. entitled ` man kills his computer. ' ` he took the computer into the
for some expectant mothers , giving up alcohol or coffee for the duration of their pregnancy can feel a hardship. but one mother-to-be had to give up much more than that for the sake of her unborn daughter. lynn , from chippenham , had to stop taking medication that enables her to move without pain as she suffers from a painful and crippling condition callled hip displasia. lynn and husband liam tried for a baby for three years so when she fell pregnant , she did n't want to take any risks so stopped taking pain relief for her scoliosis and hip dysplasia symptoms. the condition means the ball and socket joint of her hip has not formed properly , which causes pain when she moves. she also has scoliosis
maths is a subject you either understand and enjoy or struggle through feeling rather bored. but a maths teacher from biola university in la mirada , california , may have just created the most interesting lesson ever. matthew weathers , who often posts videos of himself tricking his class on his youtube channel , put in a great deal of planning to pull off a lesson that would have engaged even the sleepiest student at the back of the room. matthew weathers , a teacher at biola university in california , often posts videos of himself tricking his class. this amusing clip would have engaged even the sleepiest student at the back of the room. acting inconspicuously , mr weathers announces to his class that if they have any trouble with some of the things he has gone over in the lesson , they
a british couple tying the knot are to break two records as they become the oldest ever newlyweds , with a combined age of 195 , and the uk 's most elderly groom at 103. george kirby and 91-year-old doreen luckie from eastbourne , east sussex , will marry after first getting together 27 years ago in 1988. george said : ' i suppose it 's about time , really. i definitely do n't feel my age. doreen keeps me young. scroll down for video. george kirby and 91-year-old doreen luckie from eastbourne , east sussex , will marry after first getting together 27 years ago in 1988. george , currently 102 , proposed on valentine 's day and will marry for
some of the most common pregnancy cravings are chocolate , ice cream or even pickles. but one unlucky woman from new york had a craving for something rather unusual and potentially very damaging - rocks. for silvia , star of the series my extraordinary pregnancy , suffered from pica , an eating disorder that makes people crave non-food substances. in the discovery tv show my extraordinary pregnancy silvia revealed how she suffered from pica during her third pregnancy meaning she wanted to eat rocks. in the programme that followed silvia throughout her pregnancy , she is seen picking up tiny rocks from out side of her
for eight weeks , the sight of a shirtless aidan turner swinging scythes and standing up to the nefarious warleggans has been getting the nation hot under the collar. now , less than 12 hours after poldark ended with a dramatic cliffhanger , disgruntled viewers have taken to twitter to complain of ` withdrawal symptoms ' - and urge the bbc to hurry up with series two. ` as if the sherlock hiatus was n't bad enough ... experiencing #poldark withdrawal symptoms already , ' tweeted fan mihaela doaga within minutes of the closing credits. scroll down for video. to be continued ... poldark ended last night on a dramatic cliff-hanger with the main man
mustafa kamal resigned as icc president on wednesday , accusing india of influencing the outcome of the cricket world cup quarter-final against bangladesh. ` everyone saw what happened during the bangladesh-india match ... india has influenced the outcome of the match using its position -lrb- in the icc -rrb- , ' kamal , a bangladeshi , said at the airport on his return from the tournament in australia. ` from now on , i am a former president of the icc. i would have reacted similarly had it happened to any other country. ' mustafa kamal , pictured with the cricket world
it is an all-consuming fear experienced by almost every bride-to-be - will i fit into my wedding dress ? but for shanna mccormick , that particular concern paled into insignificance. weighing 28st , the 31-year-old , feared she would not live to see her wedding day. for most of her adult life , miss mccormick 's obesity meant had been in and out of hospital , suffering with life-threatening asthma attacks. doctors warned the strain of being overweight would kill her if she did n't slim down - and fast. shanna mccormick , 31 , whose weight had ballooned to nearly 28st -lrb- left -rrb- managed to lose 16.5 st in two years
if you open your suitcase after leaving the airport with damaged goods inside , this might be the reason why. an airport luggage conveyor belt has a novel way of separating bags into the correct queues - but it 's a somewhat cut and thrust job. as the suitcases whizz round on the belt , out of nowhere a mechanical arm slams into the bags and and thrusts them onto a lower track. the red and black luggage moves along the conveyor after being taken from the plane. suddenly the mechanical arm springs into action giving the luggage some brute force. and with a sharp
the andaz liverpool street hotel in london used to be bedlam , but not through cavalier management , rebellious staff or disruptive guests. the victorian building that houses it is built on the site of england 's first hospital for the mentally ill - the bethlehem royal hospital , which opened in 1247 and was often pronounced as ` bedlam '. fast forward a few centuries and in its place is a swanky , celebrity-baiting boutique hotel with 267 rooms - four of which have been decorated by trendy artists. and instead of mental health patients , it 's the likes of beyonce , lil kim and lady gaga that
an app which allows users to superimpose images of gory injuries to photos of themselves has been slammed for ` making a mockery of violence '. scar booth , which is available from the apple itunes store for 79p , offers a gallery of 77 wounds - purportedly real ones - and its makers boast : ` your friends and family will be convinced that you have suffered a painful beating. ' anti-violence charities have hit back at the disturbing app for trivialising , or ` glorifying ' abuse and brutality. scroll down for video. disturbing : scar booth , which i tested out myself -lrb- pictured -rrb- , offers a gallery of 77 wounds - purportedly real ones - which can be superimposes onto selfies so you can ` prank '
ol pejeta conservancy , kenya -lrb- cnn -rrb- at first glance , sudan looks like any other northern white rhino : stout and agile , with square lips. he grazes under the hot sun , his massive head lowered to the ground , at the ol pejeta conservancy in central kenya. when he 's not wallowing in his enclosure , he waddles around the sprawling savannah , stopping briefly to drink water from a concrete hole. but sudan is not just any rhino. he 's the last known male northern white rhino left in the entire world. for an animal on the verge of extinction , the fate of the subspecies rests on his ability to conceive with the two
birmingham airport could soon be known as ` shakespeare 's airport ' in the u.s. in order to attract more visitors , tourism chiefs have announced. the concept was put forward after proving a success in attracting more people from china , but there are concerns that not enough americans will know of the famous playwright. the airport could also be called ` birmingham london ' as the hs2 rail link will make the hub just 38 minutes from the centre of the capital - only ten minutes further away than terminal 5 at heathrow. birmingham airport could be rebranded ` shakespeare 's airport ' in the u.s. to attract more tourists , but there are concerns that not enough
her recent achievements include a 3,000-mile bicycle ride across the usa , a cross-country ski marathon and a four-mile swimming race in a turkish tidal shipping strait. so perhaps it should come as no surprise that pippa middleton can go jogging without even appearing to break a sweat. the duchess of cambridge 's younger sister was seen going for an early evening run in the sunshine , displaying her toned figure in a blue sports vest and patterned shorts with pink and grey trainers and a baseball cap. scroll down for video. pippa middleton was seen enjoying an early evening run in a london park , stopping to chat to a fellow jogger. new balance
juventus goalkeeper gianluigi buffon has no immediate plans to retire and said it would be a waste to quit now when he feels he is still in top form. ' a player stops when he feels that he is no longer what he was before on the pitch , ' buffon , 37 , told reporters after juventus beat monaco 1-0 in the champions league on tuesday. ` looking at it objectively , that is not my case. i will continue to keep playing as long as i am doing well , otherwise it would be a waste. why bid farewell to football if you are playing well ? ' juventus goalkeeper gianluigi buffon
ronald koeman has promised not leave southampton this summer , even if barcelona were to come calling. eyebrows were raised by some last summer when the dutch great took the reins of what many expected to be a sinking ship. koeman , though , has been revelation in his first season in english football , not only steering saints to calmer waters but new heights. southampton manager ronald koeman has promised not leave southampton this summer for a bigger club. barcelona and the likes of neymar -lrb- top -rrb- are not of interest to koeman after his successful season. even managing cristiano ronaldo at real madrid does not appeal over england 's south coast for koeman. only a point is needed to break the record premier league points tally set last season
in the aftermath of sunday 's derby disaster the talk among fans was of summer incomings to reboot a blue machine that , all-of-a-sudden , looks as outdated as a commodore 64. then there is the inevitable speculation over the future of under-fire manager manuel pellegrini. but the biggest challenge for manchester city this summer could be keeping hold of something they already have. manchester city risk losing star man sergio aguero should they slip out of the premier league 's top four. aguero scores the first of his two goals during city 's 4-2 defeat at the hands of rivals manchester united. it may have gone largely unnoticed in the carnage at old trafford but there was an important landmark for the brilliant sergio aguero that deserves to be recognised. the aftermath of a crushing derby defeat
nhs bosses have today come under fire after it emerged a hospital paid a temporary nurse # 2,200 to cover a single 12-hour shift. the figure , which equates to # 183 an hour , was paid by the shrewsbury and telford hospital nhs trust. it represents double the rate for a neurologist and was revealed following a freedom of information request. it also emerged there were 47 agency nurses working at the trust in december last year. the trust , which runs the royal shrewsbury hospital and the princess royal hospital in telford , has been criticised for wasting taxpayers ' money. the shrewsbury and telford hospital nhs trust paid # 2,200 to a temporary nurse for one 12-hour shift to help
harking back to uk transformation show 10 years younger , people on the street are asked to guess a woman 's age in a bold new advert. a french model starring in a television film for garnier is filmed and photographed as she ` ages ' an average of five years throughout a typical working day. the parisian public observe her appearance and proceed to judge her as older - from as young as 26 to as old as 40 - as the day progresses. at 7am the actress looks bright and bushy tailed , ready for the day ahead - studio lights capture this in the ad. but by 9.47 she looks exhausted as she prepares the family dinner and does the laundry after a day at work. the working mother-of-two is seen
just went you thought it was warm enough to go into the water ... killer seals have been spotted off the british coast. on four separate occasions , grey seals have been spied feasting on harbour porpoises that they have killed. scroll down for video. the footage -lrb- pictured -rrb- backs up a recent study that grey seals have a penchant for young porpoises with a thick layer of energy-packed fat. and that far from scavenging on dead animals , they attack healthy creatures. video footage of one of the attacks shows a male contentedly ripping chunks of blubber off his prey , as the water all around turns bloody. although killer seals are
winter weary new yorkers have been given a timely reminder that spring has finally sprung. smokey da lamb has been turning heads in some of the city 's coolest neighborhoods ever since restaurant owner sandy dee hall , 34 , and his girlfriend maxine cher , 24 , adopted him. but now the couple - and smokey 's impressive legion of fans - have been left devastated after city officials demanded he is taken out of the metropolis. scroll down for video. happy family : restaurant owner sandy dee hall , 34 -lrb- r -rrb- , and his girlfriend maxine cher , 24 -lrb- l -rrb- , adopted smokey da
the first man to serve as white house social secretary , jeremy bernard , is leaving after four years on the job. the white house said today that bernard would depart after a state dinner next month held in honor of the japanese prime minister , confirming rumors that bernard , 53 , would soon exit the administration. the first lady said in a statement she was ` lucky to have such a talented individual on my team. ' ' i am equally lucky to have made a lifelong friend in jeremy , ' she added. ` jeremy will be missed , and barack and i wish him the very best in all of his future
two goals inside the last four minutes saw the yorkshire derby clash between sheffield wednesday and huddersfield end in a 1-1 draw. wednesday substitute sergiu bus opened the scoring in the 86th minute and ishmael miller , also on as a substitute , secured a point for his side with an equaliser just a minute from time. the result leaves huddersfield without a win in their last seven games and 18th in the table , six places and nine points behind wednesday. sergiu bus celebrates putting sheffield wednesday ahead against huddersfield. sheff wed : westwood , vermijl , lees , zayatte , mattock , isgrove , mcgugan , lee -lrb- may 63 ' -rrb- , hutchinson , lavery -lrb- maguire 74 ' -rrb- ,
fans of the show might never see what 's going on -- but a writer for the archers has revealed that keeping a bed in the studio is essential for realistic sex scenes. veteran scriptwriter for the radio 4 drama , keri davies , said that having a divan to hand is vital to make post-coital conversations sound convincing. speaking during an afternoon tea with the archers event at the weekend , mr davies explained : ` sex is even harder , as it were. we do have a bed in the studio because your voice sounds different when you are lying down. a writer for the archers has
men who crave the benefits of. yoga but recoil at sharing the experience with a room full of. women are turning to broga , a rugged take on the 3,000-year-old. practice of movement and breath. broga celebrates the physical over the spiritual , and. strength over flexibility. experts say it sets men free to flex. tight hamstrings without hearing invocations to hindu deities or. feeling inept next to a woman twisted like a pretzel. scroll down for video. yoga for men : from downward dog to warrior pose , broga is becoming increasingly popular thanks to its ` rugged ' approach to traditional yoga
president barack obama threw off the gloves and took a direct punch at one of his possible successors , likely republican presidential candidate scott walker , in an interview airing this morning. responding to walker 's claims that he 'd ` absolutely ' cancel or ` disown ' a deal with iran on ` day one ' if elected to higher office , obama told npr morning edition host steve inskeep that such an approach ` would be foolish. ' ` and , you know , perhaps mr. walker , after he 's taken some time to bone up on foreign policy , will feel the same way , ' the
two ukip council candidates have been taken to school by a teacher who covered their sloppy election leaflet in corrections - but they claim it is a dirty tricks campaign. suzy howlett , 54 , who specialises in teaching foreign-born children english , has embarrassed husband and wife team derek tanswell and sharon snook over their spelling , punctuation and grammar. in one section mr tanswell and ms snook promise that ukip will ` take back control of our boarders ' - so the teacher wrote in red : ' i think you mean borders , not residents of a school or guest house '. scroll down for video. back to school : a teacher has taken her red pen to an error-strewn ukip leaflet that landed on her doormat. back to basics : the teacher picked up on the use of boarders and wrote : ' i think you mean borders , not residents of a school or guest house
a chihuahua and a bearded dragon showed off their interspecies friendship when they embarked upon a game of tag together. videoed in their front room , the dog named foxxy cleopatra and the reptile called ryuu can be seen chasing after one another around a coffee table. standing perfectly still while looking in the other direction , the bearded dragon initially appears disinterested as the chihuahua jumps around excitedly. the video begins with the chihuahua jumping around excitedly while the bearded dragon appears disinterested. the reptile then turns to face the dog , causing it to bark , run off and watch from a
most women know them well : irritability , cravings , fatigue ... the ugly , tiresome side effects that precede their period. while many of us have accepted what seemed like the inevitable every month and suffered through them armed with an arsenal of painkillers , hot water bottles and chocolate -lrb- while those nearest and dearest to us run for cover -rrb- , one doctor claims that our pms can be banished forever with just a few simple steps. ` premenstrual symptoms such as irritability and cravings are common , but they 're not normal , ' dr lara briden tells daily mail australia. scroll down for video. common , but not inevitable : while
an iowa politician is on trial this week accused of sexually abusing his wife after doctors said she was no longer mentally capable of legally consenting to have sex. when henry and donna lou rayhons married seven years ago in their northern iowa hometown , it was a second chance at love for the devoted couple , both previously widowed. but their domestic routine of church activities and political functions unraveled as donna 's health began to fail. last year , the 78-year-old woman was moved into a nursing home , suffering from dementia and alzheimers. according to henry rayhon 's family , this was decided by her daughters from a previous marriage.
the world 's first cloned camel is pregnant , scientists claim. the mother-to-be , whose name is injaz , was cloned from the ovarian cells of a slaughtered camel in 2009 and born from a surrogate mother. injaz was six years old this week and is said to have conceived naturally. the world 's first cloned camel is pregnant , scientists claim. the mother-to-be , whose name is injaz , was cloned from the ovarian cells of a slaughtered camel in 2009 and born by surrogate mother. injaz is pictured here when she was just six days old. dr nisar wani , scientific director of the reproductive biotechnology centre in nad al sheba , dubai , told
girl power was the definite winner at yesterday 's historic boat race as women rowed on the same course and same day as the men for the first time. oxford university women 's rowing team beat cambridge -- inspiring their male colleagues to win for the third time running in the 161st race. the women 's race has been held since 1927 further up river at henley , but after years of campaigning for equal billing , they were finally given equality with the men. scroll down for video. water babes : oxford 's women 's team made history and competed alongside the men for the first time. joy : oxford
a transgender comedian is the latest real life model to star in a campaign for clothing label modcloth , in which she models a variety of her favorite feminine styles. rye silverman , 32 , a los angeles-based writer and self-confessed ` gender rebel ' , has been a fan of modcloth 's designs for years , and often posts pictures of herself wearing the clothing on the company 's style gallery , an open fashion forum where customers can showcase how they have styled each item to suit their own personal tastes. it was through these images that rye caught the eye of the label 's executives , who were quick to contact her about
patrick bamford has scored 19 goals for middlesbrough this season and is the championship 's player of the year. it is an impressive tally and may yet sweep the club back to the premier league. he is on loan from chelsea and the question being asked is whether he could be stamford bridge 's answer to harry kane next season. one difference. kane got his chance because tottenham 's expensively imported striker roberto soldado disappointed. patrick bamford -lrb- left -rrb- hopes to become chelsea 's answer to tottenham hotspur 's harry kane next season. middlesbrough 's bamford insists he wants to fight for his place at stamford bridge
the mother of a baby rescued after being trapped in rubble for 22 hours following the nepal earthquake has told of the torture she endured while she heard her little boy cry for help under their flattened home. five-month-old sonit awal was asleep upstairs in the family home when the quake struck , but was saved from death by a cupboard that fell over him. during frantic rescue efforts family and friends used their bare hands to try and free sonit , but without specialist equipment it was impossible. but today mother rasmila awal told mailonline of her ` overwhelming joy '
just over a decade ago gianfranco zola was voted the greatest chelsea player of all time in a poll of the club 's supporters. this may seem a little premature , but as eden hazard prepares for to make his 100th barclays premier league appearance for chelsea at qpr on sunday , the little magician could have a rival in years to come. hazard is some player , one of the elite in english football with those dazzling runs and the sparkling feet that can open up the best defences in the league. eden hazard has developed into one of the world 's best players after flourishing at chelsea. hazard has proven
michael bisping admitted he had expected an easier fight after beating cb dollaway on points in montreal. the manchester middleweight was in action for the first time since losing to luke rockhold last year. and he said he was disappointed not to have enjoyed an early night. michael bisping -lrb- left -rrb- lands a kick to the head of cb dollaway during their ufc 186 fight in montreal. dollaway -lrb- left -rrb- puts manchester 's bisping on the canvas during their middleweight clash on saturday. bisping -lrb- left -rrb- shows his delight after winning a unanimous points decision over the american. ` that win was for my
-lrb- cnn -rrb- syria is a hell on earth that is expanding in plain sight. the death toll there has doubled in a year 's time , if an opposition group is right. since civil war broke out there , 310,000 people have been killed , the syrian observatory for human rights said thursday. a year earlier , sohr 's tally stood at 162,402. and the year before , the united nations put the death toll at 70,000. violence has plunged well over half of all syrians into such destitution that they are in dire need of survival aid , the united nations says ,
manny pacquiao literally got two words in before a conference call about his fight with floyd mayweather jnr was abruptly cancelled on monday. a spokesman for pacquiao 's promoter blamed technical difficulties for the cancellation , partly due to the large number of boxing writers and broadcasters who were on the call. ` there were so many calls the system blew , ' top rank spokesman lee samuels said. ` we 've used the same company for 10-15 years and this is the first time this has happened. ' manny pacquiao 's conference call about his fight against floyd mayweather was cancelled
jack black the friendly jackdaw -lrb- pictured -rrb- has become so well-loved one fan has set up a facebook page for him with over 450 members. as a popular member of the community he often pops into people 's houses , goes with them on the weekly shop and has even joined them for christmas dinner. he 'll also accompany the local children as they walk to school -- perched on their shoulders. he is jack black the friendly jackdaw and he has become so well-loved in penryn , cornwall , that one fan has set up a facebook page for him. the page has more than 450 members who share their pictures , videos and stories about jack
a ` blokey ' joke book on sale at river island containing an offensive joke about domestic violence has caused a twitter storm prompting the high street brand to withdraw it from shelves. the ` very blokey joke book ' by jake harris , which was displayed in the high street brand 's menswear department and is also available on amazon , contains a quip about a man watching his wife being beaten up by friends. the ` really blokey jokes ' book by jake harris on sale at river island -lrb- left -rrb- contains an offensive joke about domestic violence -lrb- right -rrb- a picture of the offensive joke was first tweeted by media commentator tim doble
finding a prom partner can be stressful. and for openly-gay high school junior , anthony martinez , he 'd reached his wits ' end trying to find a ` boy date '. in a last-ditch attempt to find a suitor for his may 2 dance in nevada , he tuned to social media and was over-joyed when his straight guy friend , jacob lescenski , stepped in to fill the spot. he was even more touched when his guy pal came up with an extra special promposal idea which has since garnered thousands of ` likes ' and retweets online. lescenski greeted martinez in the locker room at desert
owning a passport opens up a world of possibility and freedom for travellers - or so you would think. in some countries around the world , even if you are lucky enough to have access to the government-issued documents , you are still restricted and barred from several countries. henley and partners created a visa restrictions index , which ranks countries globally in accordance to the travel freedom their inhabitants enjoy - with some surprising results. scroll down for video. the visa restrictions index analyses countries ability to travel visa-free. the latest results were based on results from may 20 , 2014. 1 -rrb- finland. = germany. = sweden. = usa. = united kingdom -lrb- 174 points -rrb-. 2 -rrb- canada.
supermarket giant coles has been ordered to pay $ 2.5 million in penalties after lying to shoppers about the freshness of its bread. in june , it 's ` made today , sold today ' slogan , was deemed misleading by the federal court. it was slammed with a three-year ban to no longer promote its bread as baked on the day it is sold or made from fresh dough and has now received a hefty fine. ` this penalty sends a strong message to companies that they should not use broad phrases in promotions that are deliberately chosen to sell products to consumers
-lrb- cnn -rrb- it 's clear from hillary clinton 's campaign rollout -- a video announcement/campaign ad/short film that debuted sunday afternoon -- that she will make women and being a woman central to her outreach. in case you 're skeptical , vox has posted a handy `` by the numbers '' for her campaign video , and there are 38 people besides clinton in the two-minute ad. twenty of them are women. there are three separate mentions of motherhood. this is all fine and good -lrb- and predictable -rrb- if you acknowledge that the proportion of women who vote has exceeded the proportion of men who vote in every presidential election since 1980.
jon bon jovi ca n't go home. after almost two years on the market and an initial listing of $ 42million , the singer has sold his 7,500-square-foot new york city penthouse for $ 37.5 million. the new jersey native bought the soho pad in 2007 for $ 24million , so even with the price cut is making an impressive profit. a bargain ... for a billionaire : jon bon jovi has sold his new york city apartment for $ 37.5 million. on the road again : the misunderstood singer seen here performing in detroit , michigan. the sale , by douglas elliman , was reported by street easy , though the buyer
celebrities and music lovers gathered on friday in the southern california desert for the beginning of the annual coachella valley music and arts festival - the first big arts and music festival of the summer season. as in previous years , the 16th edition has attracted large crowds as festival goers danced around in the sun while performers including the headlining act ac/dc was scheduled to take the stage as well as musicians such as azealia banks , tame impala , alabama shakes and interpol. this year 's lineup includes rapper drake , florence and the machine , fka twigs , david guetta , the weeknd , kasabian , alt-j
nasa has unveiled a revolutionary type of wing that it says could save millions in air travel. the wing is able to morph itself like that of a bird to provide the same functionality as normal flaps , but with much less weight. it can also reportedly be used to increase fuel efficiency and even reduce noise on take-off and landing. scroll down for videos. nasa has been testing a flexible wing on a plane in california -lrb- shown -rrb-. the wing can bend from -2 degrees up to 30 degrees. it means that regular flaps are n't needed - and it is much lighter. in this image , the
barcelona scored three crucial away goals and all but ended the tie after easing to a 3-1 win over paris saint-germain at the parc des princes. goals from neymar and a double from luis suarez , made sure the la liga leaders travel back to spain delighted with the result and their performance. here sportsmail rates the players in the first leg of the champions league quarter-final. luis suarez was the star man for barcelona and scored a brilliant second-half double to put them in control. paris saint-germain -lrb- 4-3-3 -rrb-. salvatore sirigu - 6 - commanding in the air with a disjointed defence in front of him but could do nothing to
-lrb- cnn -rrb- the cuba that photographer carolina sandretto captures is a world away from the images of neon 1950s american cars and postcard-worthy white sand beaches that most visitors to the island bring back home. instead sandretto focuses on `` solares , '' the crumbling buildings that many cubans divide and cohabitate , often with several generations and separate families sharing one dwelling. `` this situation of bringing into your house your husband or your wife and living with your own parents in your late 30s and 40s , i always thought is really interesting and different than the u.s. but similar to my country since that 's the way it was 50 years ago , ''
think global cultural attractions and it 's not the first destination that springs to mind. but benidorm , the package holiday mecca famous for a lowbrow british tv sitcom and adult entertainer sticky vicky is bidding for unesco world heritage status. however , the brash british holiday playground is not getting ideas above its station , say those pushing for its membership to the world 's most exclusive culture club. scroll down for video. high rise holiday resort benidorm , dating to the 1960s , wants the same recognition as other ` world wonders ' like stonehenge , the taj mahal and the great wall of china. sociology professor mario gaviria , the force behind an application to unesco , argues that benidorm should be
all the smiles can not hide the reality that mccluskey and his union are a potent , sinister force in british politics. out on the election campaign trail under blue skies in south wales , the trade union firebrand 's manner was as warm as the weather. ` did n't you once call me a slab-faced marxist ? ' the famously militant leader of unite asked me with a grin that was more genial than menacing. i had to confess i had. but that did not stop ` red ' len mccluskey giving me the time of day on a street in neath as he conducted a two-day tour of the principality to drum up support for labour 's cause.
-lrb- cnn -rrb- to allay possible concerns , boston prosecutors released video friday of the shooting of a police officer last month that resulted in the killing of the gunman. the officer wounded , john moynihan , is white. angelo west , the gunman shot to death by officers , was black. after the shooting , community leaders in the predominantly african-american neighborhood of roxbury , where the shooting occurred , were quick to call for calm. one said the officers were forced to return fire. still , they were glad to see the video released for the sake of transparency. `` i think people understand that the decisions mr. west made put
andy hornby is non-executive chairman of pharmacy 2u , which was found to be selling nhs patients ' details on without their knowledge. the chairman of the online pharmacy site found to be selling nhs patients ' data without their knowledge is the shamed former chief executive of hbos. a mail investigation yesterday told how the personal details of thousands of users of pharmacy 2u are being sold to companies that target the sick. now we can reveal that at its helm is the disgraced banker andy hornby , who was in charge of hbos when it collapsed in 2008. mr hornby last night faced calls
garissa , kenya -lrb- cnn -rrb- the sign painted onto the school entrance wall reads : `` youth is a mistake , adulthood is a struggle , old age is a regret. '' the black humor of the message provides some light relief for a school that lives in constant fear of a terrorist attack because of what is taught inside its walls. the students -lrb- aged 8 to 14 -rrb- at the ibnu-siina school in northern kenya are getting a so-called `` western '' education , taking lessons in subjects like mathematics , science and english. but it 's an education that al-shabaab -- the somali-based terror group -- is trying to prevent the children from obtaining , according to the head of
thomas bjorn was faced with a bit of a dilemma on the par-five second. after driving into the trees with his first shot , he played back on to the fairway to leave a 145-yard shot into the green. but his aim on his third was clearly a little off. thomas bjorn 's shot managed to land in the lap of a female fan during the first round of the masters. hooking his shot left of the target , bjorn 's ball flew into a crowd of spectators and landed firmly in the lap of a female fan. luckily for bjorn , and indeed
this felt a heavy blow for derby county. looking on course for a first victory in seven championship games against the 10 men of watford , they conceded an equaliser to odion ighalo that further undermines their promotion ambitions. adlene guedioura seized on hesitant defending by craig forsyth with 15 minutes to go to slip a weighted pass to his watford team-mate , who poked the ball past lee grant to snatch an unlikely point. there was a seismic rally from the hosts , who ended the game camped in watford 's box , never mind half. the final act was heurelho gomes producing
what 's more exciting than meeting your idol ? meeting your idol in a starbucks , while wearing a shirt with their name on it , and having your picture uploaded to their instagram account. one little boy was lucky enough to meet justin verlander , pitcher for the detroit tigers , under those same , once-in-a-lifetime , circumstances. verlander snapped a selfie in front a little boy wearing a dark blue shirt with verlander 's name and jersey number , 35 , on the back. scroll down for video. selfie : detroit tigers pitcher justin verlander -lrb- right -rrb- snapped this selfie in front a little boy wearing a dark blue shirt with verlander 's name and jersey number , 35 , on the back. instagram : the pitcher uploaded the
there were a lot of potential managers in the arsenal team that patrick vieira captained but he , more than anybody , looked destined to be a top boss. his star quality was obvious from the start. if manchester city do end up sacking manuel pellegrini then there is already one man at the club who would happily take over , if asked. patrick wants to be a manager. he is intelligent , well-balanced and has a burning desire to win. he was a ferocious competitor on the pitch but off it he is a class act. patrick vieira could be next
arsenal midfielder santi cazorla is among a number of players to have offered support to villarreal defender mateo musacchio following his gruesome leg injury. the argentinian fractured his fibula and dislocated his left ankle during his side 's 1-1 draw at getafe in the primera division on sunday. the 24-year-old underwent successful surgery hours later in madrid. villarreal 's mateo musacchio runs for the ball near the touchline with 13 minutes left to play. as he closes in on the ball and the sliding opponent , his right foot is bent back , breaking his ankle. musacchio crumples to the ground in agony after the horrendous ankle break. no recovery time has been set by the club
hardly a day passes without a spurious new survey which lists our supposedly favourite things. an example of this banality last week was one about what makes us most happy. among the feel-good experiences were said to be fresh sheets and popping bubble wrap. reading this idiotic list made me extremely depressed. you can not reduce life to a catchphrase or a ranking like a best-buy at morrison 's. experiences which bring us true pleasure are being with loved ones , enjoying warm weather , eating wonderful home-cooked food and just laughing uncontrollably. it 's not rocket science. surely a far more useful exercise is to list every aspect of modern life that makes us
they 're the ultimate status symbol for the ultra-rich , but superyacht owners or charter clients are n't content to just sip margaritas in the sun or watch films in their on-board cinemas. they spare no expense or detail when they throw extravagant parties and they go to great lengths to one-up fellow members of the world 's one per cent or impress their celebrity guests. money is no object to those who like to flaunt their massive wealth at sea , and that means sales and charter brokerages are kept busy with outrageous requests for everything from high-end food and entertainment to luxurious decor and special guests. scroll down for video. superyachts can sell for more than # 50million ,
the man whose father married tippi hedren and who spent years living with melanie griffith as her stepbrother is opening up about the infamous lion film the two made with their parents , roar. they worked , and lived , with lions for the 11 years they made the film , and now , john marshall , son of director noel marshall who was married to hedren , is saying of his father 's decision ; ` dad was a f**king ** hole to do that to his family. ' he then added ; ` it seemed like a really cool idea at the beginning , but it was dangerous. '
aston villa owner randy lerner did n't attend wembley on sunday after his aunt passed away. the 53-year-old american had been tipped to make a rare appearance but boss tim sherwood said : ` i 've not spoken to him yet. my phone is buzzing in my pocket but i do n't know who it is. ` he 's had a family bereavement so i 'm not sure if he could make it. i spoke to him in the week. if he 's not here in body he 's certainly here in spirit. he 's the biggest aston villa fan i know. ' aston villa owner randy lerner is rarely seen at the club 's games , but was expected to appear at
tom ince chose not celebrate , nor did 60 or so travelling blackpool fans who used to cherish his displays. but derby county very much cheered this emphatic victory that solidified their position in the play-offs and provided a needed tonic after recent headaches. ince 's reluctance to show joy when finding the net in some style against his former club was understandable. blackpool is where he crafted his game and made his name between 2011 and 2014. since he left last year , initially on loan to crystal palace in january , there has been only despair on the seaside , and this defeat confirmed they would take the championship wooden spoon. derby celebrated an emphatic victory
until a few days ago , the closest danny willett could come to playing augusta national was on a simulator at doncaster golf range , where he also gained his first experience of doral before last month 's wgc-cadillac championship. and considering the 27-year-old yorkshireman finished joint 12th following a closing round of 68 on the blue monster , perhaps it is not too fanciful to suggest willett could become the first masters debutant to slip on the green jacket since fuzzy zoeller in 1979. ` i 've always said if you 're not going to go to an event and be fully
imminent arrival : the duchess of cambridge , pictured with prince george. they could have been any mother and child. the pony-tailed young woman sitting on a hay bale at a petting zoo with her little boy perched on her knee wore barely a trace of make-up. the only giveaway that she was someone special was the diamond and sapphire ring sparkling on her left hand. while some other mothers nudged one another in disbelief as kate and prince george cooed over the new-born animals , staff at snettisham farm park , norfolk , are so familiar with the duchess of cambridge she knows many on first-name terms. helped by his mother , her prominent bump hidden
how to get the enviable physiques of the stars. this week : judy murray 's waist. judy murray dazzled at her son andy 's wedding , wearing a belted dress-coat that accentuated her toned stomach. judy , 55 , does n't play tennis to stay in shape , ` because my life is saturated with it ' you might think tennis would be the 55-year-old 's preferred means of staying in shape but she says she avoids it : ` because my life is saturated with it. '
time fries when you 're having fun. dedicated waitress judy eddingfield , 65 , celebrated her 50th anniversary working at winstead 's restaurant in kansas city last week and declares that it 's the only job 's she 's ever had or ever wanted. ` it 's like my home away from home and i just love it here , ' eddingfield told fox. scroll down for video. dedicated employee : for most of her life judy eddingfield has been employed as a server at winstead 's in kansas city and says it 's the only job she 's ever had or ever wanted. is that you ? a staff
tommy connolly had n't seen his teenage cousin in 10 years when she added him on facebook out of the blue in december. the 23-year-old sunshine coast university student was enjoying semester break and training hard in the hope of one day representing australia as a champion sprinter. he messaged his 17-year-old cousin angela * -lrb- name has been changed for legal reasons -rrb- to see how she was doing and soon found out she was homeless , illiterate and 32 weeks pregnant. mr connolly picked her up from where she was sleeping rough on the gold coast , let her move into his
if a golf course were to be created in hell it might resemble the now serene landscape of gallipoli , where the blood of thousands was spilled a century ago in one of world war i 's most spectacular allied failures. an eerie serenity pervades the rolling landscape of this peninsula and , in the bright spring sunshine , there could scarcely be a more peaceful spot for a sunday afternoon stroll. but a chill is never far from the spine , whatever the temperature. scroll down for video. sulva bay , gallipoli peninsula , turkey , where in the world war i there were nearly 400,00 allied casualties. in the early hours of today , 25 april 2015 , a bugle sounded a haunting dawn chorus to mark the moment when , at 0430 , allied troops landed at a point where
a man who claims he kicked a young mother out of his car when she got too drunk on their date has been arrested for obstructing justice two weeks after she vanished. ashley pegram , a 28-year-old mother-of-three , left her summerville , south carolina home for a date with a man she had met on messaging service kik on the evening of april 3. her sister , brandy chance , reported her missing the next day and went through her kik account , where she found messages from a man who identified himself as 18-year-old emoney bon. but when she spoke
having a truck for a home might not sound ideal to the average person but one creative family have transformed their moving house into a castle complete with a rooftop bathtub and guaranteed to please even the pickiest of travellers. while driving along new zealand 's roads , the siezen family 's house appears to be nothing more than an oversized and strangely shaped truck. but when it is unfolded , the vehicle transforms into a majestic but cosy home for justin , jola and their baby son piko. new zealand couple justin and jola transformed a huge truck into colourful and
former everton chairman sir philip carter has died aged 87. carter also served as president of the football league and a vice-president of the football association but it is as chairman of everton throughout the 1980s that he will be remembered. under his stewardship , the club won two league titles , an fa cup and the european cup winners ' cup , which is still the toffees ' only piece of continental silverware. former everton chairman and life president sir phillip carter passed away on thursday. he was 87. carter also served as president of the football league and a vice-president of
a lost photograph showing a woman killed by the tornado that leveled an illinois village last week was found 35 miles away after being carried there by the storm. the image - showing geraldine schultz , 67 , was blown from the home where she died in fairdale , illinois , to the town of harvard , 35 miles away. it showed her alongside her husband clem schultz , 84 , and was taken around 1980 to feature in a church directory. lost and found : a 1980 photograph , left , showing geraldine schultz with her husband clem , was returned to the family after being found 35 miles away. mrs schultz
-lrb- cnn -rrb- the racist and offensive emails that resulted in three ferguson , missouri , city employees either resigning or being fired have been released. the exchanges between the city 's top court clerk and two police officers were discovered during a u.s. justice department investigation of racial prejudice in the city 's police and judicial system. the emails -- which make offensive references to president barack obama , first lady michelle obama as well as muslims and minorities -- were obtained by the washington post on thursday after a public records request. cnn reviewed them friday. police capt. rick henke and sgt. william mudd resigned early last month after the emails were discovered as part of the evidence in the justice department
everything they say about the maldives is true. the sea is breathtakingly cerulean blue , the sand as soft as flour. the air is so clear it feels like there might be a fourth dimension. the view from the sea plane is like a turquoise lava lamp as lagoons meet the ocean with swirls and circles of staggering beauty. and then , just as we start our descent to the little resort of niyama , in the dhaalu atoll , a 40-minute seaplane flight from the capital malé , two yellow turtles swim sturdily towards a reef. sand as soft as flour and cerulean sea : penny is
alec stewart has expressed his interest in becoming the new director of england cricket following the sacking on wednesday of managing director paul downton. stewart , who played in a record 133 tests for england and is currently director of cricket at surrey , has not yet been approached by the ecb. but he said : ` when england come calling , you should n't say no. ' the early bookies ' favourite for the post is michael vaughan , the former england captain who is close to the incoming ecb chairman colin graves , and has also made clear his desire to help english cricket out of its current state of
blackpool striker nile ranger has accused the club of ` taking the mick ' out of him by giving him such a low-paid contract that it left him wondering how he would fill his fridge with food. the former newcastle forward has not featured for the seasiders since the end of november after making 14 appearances for the club in the first months of the season. has been awol since december. ranger has been awol since returning to london after being left out of the squad to face birmingham in early december , and the controversial striker has spoken for the first time
a new islamic fatwa in turkey has decreed that muslims are allowed to use toilet paper. the directorate of religious affairs for turkey stated that the use of the material for hygiene is acceptable but water was preferable. islamic teachings traditionally state that followers should use water to clean themselves after going to the toilet. a new islamic fatwa in turkey has decreed that muslims are allowed to use toilet paper. the set of rules for how muslims should relieve themselves , called the qadaa al-haajah , was established in the times before toilet paper or toilet seats were invented. use of the left hand or three stones was also permissible. the code also states that followers should not speak or read
a giant hammerhead shark swims in the shallows off destin , florida , chasing after its next meal while two oblivious swimmers bask in the crystal clear water just feet away. ` get out the water ! ' cries a man with a group of friends on a penthouse balcony overlooking the beach , and for a long time to no avail , until they finally spot the danger as the shark 's chase leads it too close to them for comfort. while the likelihood that serious injury would have been very unlikely should the shark have turned its attentions to them
april 23 , 2015. some questions addressed this thursday : how has the u.s. supreme court addressed the use of force by police ? what impact might lower gas prices be having on hybrid vehicle sales ? what is `` the blob , '' and what
as if the news that tiger woods will be back at the masters next week was not encouraging enough for american golf , the sight of a resurgent phil mickelson at the shell houston open provided added lustre. the gifted leftie followed his opening 66 with a 67 to sit one shot behind leader andrew putnam going into the third round. while woods electrified the twittersphere with his announcement , his great rival thrilled the massive number of fans on the ground with a display that recalled all his great days. another to enjoy a good day was englishman justin rose , who provided
a toronto tower crane operator took pictures of a raccoon that climbed almost 700 feet up a metal ladder before taking a high-altitude poop. rob macfarlane captured photos of the raccoon on his crane after it climbed about 213 meters up. macfarlane shared his first picture of ` little mac ' on social media on thursday morning after the crapping critter presumably made the climb over the course of the night. rob macfarlane shared the picture of the brave raccoon , ` little mac ' , on social media on thursday morning. the little critter climbed almost 700 feet up macfarlane
-lrb- cnn -rrb- for five decades , bikram choudhury built an empire. the signature `` hot yoga '' bearing his name drew throngs of devotees , spawning studios teaching the practice all over the world. he became a spiritual leader and celebrity icon with a long list of famous followers and friends. but now , the bikram brand is in jeopardy , with some yoga studios dropping his name after the guru was accused of rape or sexual assault by six of his former students. responding to the allegations for the first time in an exclusive interview with cnn , choudhury said he wanted to set the record straight. `` i want to show you , ''
it is not a match to decide the title , as has been the case in earlier seasons. but the manchester derby this sunday still holds great significance for both clubs , managers and , of course , supporters. city have won the last four contests between the sides , as well as the previous three at old trafford. a number of intriguing strands run through this coming clash and could be pulled apart on full time. here sportsmail assesses ten key questions and tries to provide some answers. can manuel pellegrini survive a derby loss ? the word is the chilean 's future will
a california mother has opened up about the horrific experience of watching her once-vibrant daughter fade away and die from a little understood brain-eating amoeba. sybil meister firmly believes her daughter koral reef picked up the deadly and mysterious balamuthia mandrillaris infection during a family trip to lake havasu in may 2013. reef married her high school sweetheart that july and began to show worsening symptoms like headache , fatigue and stiff neck a couple of months later. by october 2014 , reef would be dead. she was 20-years-old. tragic : koral reef , left , was a blushing bride in july 2013 as she wed her high school sweetheart. the 20-year-old temecula , california woman would
jimmy 's ton up. jimmy anderson was given a silver cap by mike atherton to mark his 100th test. and well deserved it was , too. the list of fast bowling centurions is a short one and anderson finds himself in good company with courtney walsh -lrb- 132 -rrb- , glenn mcgrath -lrb- 124 -rrb- , chaminda vaas -lrb- 111 -rrb- , shaun pollock -lrb- 108 -rrb- , wasim akram -lrb- 104 -rrb- and makhaya ntini -lrb- 101 -rrb-. jimmy anderson was presented with a special silver cap after reaching 100 test matches for england. richie remembered. in a week when cricket lost one of its
-lrb- cnn -rrb- ever had a headache so big , you felt like drilling a hole in your head to let the pain out ? in neolithic times trepanation -- or drilling a hole into the skull -- was thought to be a cure for everything from epilepsy to migraines. it could even have been a form of emergency surgery for battle wounds. but while there is still conjecture about the real reasons behind the mysterious procedure , what is known is that the implement often used to carry out the primitive surgery was made from one of the sharpest substances found in nature -- obsidian. obsidian -- a type of volcanic glass --
an unidentified male concert-goer has come under fire for his offensive choice of festival fashion after he was photographed at coachella wearing a t-shirt emblazoned with the words ` eat sleep rape repeat '. the snapshot , which shows the man giving the peace sign as he flaunts his controversial shirt at the festival held in indio , california , sparked outrage after it was shared on twitter on sunday by jemayel khawaja , the managing editor of vice 's music and culture channel thump. ` this guy wins the award for worst fashion/lifestyle choices @coachella. i 'm not easy to offend , but this is sh **** -lsb- sic -rsb- , ' he tweeted along with the picture. tasteless choice : an unidentified concert goer has
there are lots of things you could buy with # 120,000 -lrb- $ 177,000 -rrb- : several new cars , a significant chunk of a house - and now a limited edition apple watch. the extravagant device is made with 24 karat gold , rose gold or platinum and your choice of strap - including python skin. and one version of the extravagant watch is also adorned with a one carat diamond plus hundreds of other smaller diamonds in the strap. scroll down for video. if you 've got a spare # 120,000 -lrb- $ 177,000 -rrb- lying around , you might be tempted to by
a cake-making prodigy is set to be the next mary berry as she prepares to publish her second cookbook. amy-beth ellice , 17 , from essex started baking at the age of three and landed her first book deal with her recipe collection amy 's baking year at just 14. her second , all about entertaining , is now firmly in the works but the teenager has her sights set even higher - with plans to launch her own baking products and even become a tv chef. already baking at five years old amy-beth -lrb- left -rrb- is pictured with sister lara-jayne , 10. amy-beth started
the 100th anniversary of the landing of anzac troops at gallipoli during world war i has been commemorated by the creation of a freshly minted $ 2 coin. the coin has an image of poppies - symbolic of remembrance - among crosses similar to those that mark the graves of fallen soldiers , and the words ` lest we forget '. it also features a small circle that is the colour of red poppy flowers. they will be in circulation from monday , but an artist 's impression of the coin clearly shows the craftsmanship involved. scroll down for video. an artist 's illustration shows the symbolic red poppy design on the new $ 2 coin to commemorate the 100th anniversary of the gallipoli landing by the anzacs. crosses similar to those that mark the graves of
the funeral for tragic nsw teacher stephanie scott will be held next wednesday in her home town of canowindra , and the parish priest officiating at the ceremony is bracing himself for a hugely emotional occasion. reverend jonno williams is the parish priest of the anglican-uniting church at canowindra and will be conducting wednesday 's funeral service. he knows the family well and is expecting it to be a tough day for everyone. ` the funeral will take place next wednesday , but everything else has yet to be confirmed. i 'll be speaking with the family this afternoon to finalise the
do n't play h-o-r-s-e with this guy ... lebron james has been able to do just about anything he wants during his team 's first three playoff games this season and that has apparently carried over to practice as well. james was at practice with his cleveland cavalier teammates on saturday at the td garden in boston before their game against the celtics on sunday afternoon. during a break in the action , james decided to practice his long-range shooting. scroll down for video. lebron james hit a one-handed shot , which traveled almost the full length of the 94-foot court , on saturday. after he wound up for
the philadelphia office of transportation aims to get the city 's pedestrians off their phones by sending a man in bubble wrap out to spread their safety message to the people. a video from the office features characters in ` safety suits ' including bubbleman , a ` fashionista ' wrapped in the poppable material and a young man in flashing lights. the campaigners are seen talking to residents about the dangers of not looking up from one 's phone , including the fact that 37 people died from being hit by cars last year. while other safety programs are directed at keeping motorists from hitting and killing pedestrians , the city of brotherly love 's is focused on those walking around the city. scroll down for video. a video from the philadelphia office of
when the first ipad launched on 3 april 2010 , opinion was split on how popular the product would turn out to be , and whether the tablet market would grow. now five years - and 225 million sales - later it might be natural to presume that those who doubted the device have been proved wrong. but amid falling sales and a new generation of alternative devices , some industry experts have predicted that the ipad 's days are numbered. scroll down for video. the first generation ipad was revealed by the late steve jobs in early 2010 -lrb- pictured -rrb- , but at the time it was met with ridicule as experts struggled to see how it would prove popular. five years and 225 million units later ,
it seems most people ca n't wait to shower babies with affection - pets included ! gemma the pit bull was filmed at home in california enthusiastically greeting a baby boy named elliot with kisses. footage shows her lovingly licking the infant as he attempts to fend her away with his hands. despite elliot 's best efforts , gemma keeps licking away. but the baby boy does n't seem to mind the affectionate slobbering and he 's heard merrily gurgling away. ` is that a doggy ? ' his mother says as she films the scene unfold. after more than ten seconds , gemma shows no signs of moving on. other videos show the animal is clearly used to being
a young woman who was subjected to years of abuse by bega cheese boss maurice van ryn has told a court of the severe impact it had on her life. for years she kept what van ryn did to her a secret , but when she found out he had been caught she knew she had to break her silence. the wealthy nsw businessman has pleaded guilty to 12 sex offences , including the most serious charge of persistent sexual abuse of a child. one of his victims told sydney 's district court on monday that she is scared for her future relationships , and did n't understand why she had been targeted. scroll down for video. a young woman
-lrb- cnn -rrb- imprisoned soldier chelsea manning can now communicate with the world -- in 140 characters or less. manning , who is serving a 35-year prison sentence for leaking thousands of classified documents , appears to have joined twitter this week. in a series of tweets , the prisoner formerly known as bradley manning said she will be using a voice phone to dictate her tweets to communications firm fitzgibbon media , which will post them on her behalf. she is not allowed internet access in prison , according to the guardian. `` it will be hard , but i do n't want this twitter feed to be a one-way street/conversation , '' manning
ea sports have revealed the first gameplay details for their latest golf game ea sports rory mcilroy pga tour which is due out in july. mcilroy replaced tiger woods as the cover star for ea sports pga tour video games this year. the latest version of the long-running game series , due out on july 16 , features a number of new features , including various gameplay styles as well as enhanced ball physics. ea sports ' new game rory mcilroy pga tour is due out in the shops on july 16. courses , such as tpc sawgrass -lrb- pictured -rrb- , also affect how your shots are played. a shot of the wolf creek golf club in las vegas which is featured in the new game. the game offers offers
abc released a fourth promo video on thursday on the eve of bruce jenner 's sitdown interview with diane sawyer airing in which he is expected to talk about his gender transition. the 30-second clip opens with the 65-year-old former decathlete greeting sawyer at his home. bruce - the ex-husband of kardashian matriarch kris jenner - appears somewhat anxious as he tells the sawyer : ` it 's going to be an emotional rollercoaster , but somehow i 'm gon na get through it. ' scroll down for video ... nervous : bruce jenner is seen greeting diane sawyer at his home in the latest promo video released on thursday ahead of the
democratic presidential candidate hillary clinton enjoyed some downtime with husband bill on saturday afternoon , taking a stroll near their chappaqua , new york , home. meanwhile , her two ` scooby ' campaign vans got some tlc of their own at a local body shop , where they were also hand washed. the aspiring leader of the free world and her husband were spotted wearing blue ball caps - hillary 's bearing the clinton foundation logo - and matching dark blue shirts as they soaked in the sun and walked hand-in-hand through a nearby park. mrs clinton will hit the campaign trail again today in new hampshire , where she 'll
at tokyo 's narita airport , the newly-opened terminal 3 sure has some quirky features. among them , strips of brightly-coloured running track , which have been installed in the airport 's hallways. while of course passengers are entertained by the latest buzzworthy stunt , we have to wonder : were they really intended to encourage travellers to dash to their boarding gate ? tokyo 's narita airport has installed running tracks in its new terminal 3 in honour of the 2020 olympics. turns out that the cushioned tracks were actually designed to celebrate the 2020 olympics , which will be held in tokyo.
terence crawford landed a stunning right that thomas dulorme never really saw. soon after that , crawford was a two-time wbo champion , winning the latest title in his first fight since moving up in class. crawford won the vacant wbo junior welterweight title with a sixth-round technical knockout saturday night , knocking down dulorme three times in quick fashion after that big blow. terence crawford -lrb- right -rrb- defeated thomas dulmorme in the sixth round with a technical knock out. ' i knew i hurt him , i felt it , ' crawford said. ' i knew he was hurt real bad. i wanted to just jump on him. ... he was woozy. ' with dulorme stunned , crawford hit him
richie benaud , the cricketing legend loved by millions has been laid to rest far from public view at a small private funeral in sydney attended by only an immediate circle of family members. the 84-year-old former test captain and internationally renowned cricket commentator was to be farewelled by a group of just twelve people at a secret ceremony organised by his wife , daphne. daphne benaud had kept the details of where and when his funeral service service would be held so under wraps that even immediate family members said they did n't know the location. scroll down for video. quiet
-lrb- cnn -rrb- a naturalized u.s. citizen pleaded not guilty in ohio friday to federal charges of providing material support to terrorists and lying to the fbi. abdirahman sheik mohamud , 23 , of columbus , allegedly traveled to syria for training and wanted to return home to kill americans -- particularly u.s. soldiers , execution style , the u.s. department of justice said thursday. mohamud was remanded into custody on friday. `` i am confident in the system working fairly and -lrb- in -rrb- our client getting a vigorous and aggressive defense , '' said his lawyer , sam shamansky. mohamud told someone that he wanted to target u.s. armed forces , police officers or other people
cruise ship passengers on today relived their two day ordeal at sea after being trapped on carnival spirit as sydney was battered by the storm of the century. huge waves as high as 40 feet smashed glass panels , shattered plates and cups -- and left many on-board violently seasick as the boat pitched from side to side. a sydney harbour pilot finally boarded this morning and the ship , carrying 2,500 holidaymakers and 1,500 crew , docked at the overseas passenger terminal at around 10am. scroll down for videos. the 2500 passengers on board a cruise ship , which has been stranded at sea due to wild weather conditions ,
transgender model andreja pejic has revealed that she was told by people within the fashion industry that she would no longer seem ` special ' or ` interesting ' once she completed her transition into a woman. the 23-year-old serbian-born fashion star , who appears in a solo editorial in the may issue of vogue , told the publication that she was advised not to undergo her gender reassignment surgery because it would transform her from an interesting enigma into just another pretty girl. andreja noted that there were people who warned her not to transition , explaining : ` there was definitely a lot of ,
clare balding has admitted she was on tv too much following her success presenting the london olympics. clare balding has admitted she was on tv too much following her success presenting the london olympics. the broadcaster , who recently hosted coverage of the boat race , has vowed to do less after presenting everything from the bbc 's rugby league coverage to crufts. she told radio times magazine : ' i used to say yes to everything i was offered because i thought it would all stop tomorrow. now i think it might stop tomorrow precisely because i say yes to everything. ` in 2014 i did n't do a
-lrb- cnn -rrb- if newly revised nypd training materials are approved by a federal judge , new cadets could be taking courses reminding them `` not to engage in racial profiling. '' the proposed training materials , overseen by appointed federal monitor peter zimroth , were submitted to manhattan federal court judge analisa torres on monday for approval. they include directives to `` not tell or tolerate ethnic , racial or sexist jokes '' and to `` not imitate the speech patterns '' of others. `` do not engage in racial profiling , '' the training materials read. `` it is against the law. it violates fundamental democratic precepts and freedoms. it violates this department 's policies. it is offensive. it violates your responsibility to treat people equally. it diverts us from catching
manchester united climbed above rivals manchester city on saturday night into third place in the premier league table after a 3-1 victory over aston villa. ander herrera opened the scoring before half time and wayne rooney made it two after the interval with a superb second before christian benteke pulled one back for tim sherwood 's side. but midfielder herrera added his second and united 's third late on to secure the three points for manchester united. here , sportsmail 's dominic king gives his player ratings from old trafford. manchester united -lrb- 4-3-3 -rrb-. david de gea -- one of the quietest afternoons he has had all season ; perhaps that explained his aberration for aston
a former soldier has been reunited with his long-lost son after 25 years - after he spotted his facebook page appealing for help finding his father. the post by lewis helget , 27 , appeared on darren goddard 's timeline when he logged into the social networking site with the intention of deleting his account. a quarter of a century earlier , the 48-year-old had made the heartbreaking decision to leave behind his 18-month-old son , who he thought he would never see again. finally reunited : darren goddard -lrb- right -rrb- finally met his son lewis helget , 27 , last month after
lewis hamilton dominated qualifying for the bahrain grand prix -- taking pole position under the lights at sakhir by four-tenths of a second from sebastian vettel of ferrari. hamilton 's mercedes team-mate nico rosberg , who took pole here in the previous two years , was third six-tenths of a second behind hamilton , a disappointment for the german on a track where he had hoped to rekindle his championship fight. the truth is that nobody can live with hamilton at the moment. he has got pole in every race this season and been impressively quick in each race. lewis hamilton waves after qualifying on pole position for the bahrain grand prix on saturday and is flanked by sebastian vettel -lrb-
it 's been just a few days since andy murray tied the knot to his long term girlfriend kim sears. but already his mother judy is hopefully that he will soon take the next step and start a family. the 55-year-old tennis coach told closer magazine this week : ` i 'm really looking forward to being a granny. i 've always wanted to have grandchildren , but i had to be patient and let them get married first. ' scroll down for video. andy murray 's mother judy has revealed that she ca n't wait for her son to have children with his new wife kim sears. judy went on to
-lrb- cnn -rrb- the people of nepal are still trying to recover from two major earthquakes and a mudslide. each day is a struggle in many parts of of the country , but there is something you can do to make an impact. we have vetted a list of organizations working in nepal that
a violent thug who went on the run before taunting police by posing on facebook in a silver wig and dame edna everage-style sunglasses has been jailed for a second time. michael easy , 29 , from southampton , hampshire , sparked a nationwide police manhunt after going on the run in 2013 after attacking a woman at a party. while on the run , he posted photographs of himself on facebook posing in a platinum wig and pink dame edna everage-style glasses under the profile name of michelle. the image showed him pressing his finger to his lips - taunting police as they had failed to track him down. michael easy , 29 , from southampton , hampshire -lrb-
sri lanka , with its shimmering sandy beaches , enthralling wildlife and relics of ancient civilisations , is high on lists of places to visit in 2015. gareth huw davies enjoys the new stability on the teardrop-shaped island in the indian ocean , where the holiday industry is recovering , and expanding with a crop of smart new hotels , after the dual torment of a tsunami and a bitter civil war. the modern seema malaka temple , colombo , sri lanka. the temple floats on colombo 's beira lake. 1 ... pure serendipity. this is the spiritual home of serendipity -- lucky discoveries by accident -- as serendib is the
salford assistant coach ian watson is poised to come out of his playing retirement at the age of 38 to answer an sos from the red devils. watson , whose last game was as player-coach in the championship for swinton last june , has stepped up his training ahead of sunday 's home game against castleford after salford lost a fourth player to suspension and three more to injury. `` it 's a definite possibility that we might need to call on ian , '' head coach iestyn harris said. `` he 's been training and is ready to answer the call if need be. '' salford assistant coach ian
there would have been no mercy in the dressing room. nothing is sacred in the team. when ben stokes first turned up at the kensington oval this week someone would have said : ` mind that locker , stokesey. ' it was here , of course , that stokes broke his wrist punching a locker after being dismissed last year and that will be a reminder to him of the need to channel his aggression in the right way now he is back in the england team. ben stokes has forged a reputation as a fiery character in the england cricket team. stokes
a ukip candidate was forced to apology after he appeared to mock the victims of the mediterranean refugee crisis -- just days after hundreds drowned. peter endean , who is standing for nigel farage 's party in council elections , re-tweeted an image with a caption that said : ` labour 's new floating voters. coming to a country near you soon '. around 1,300 people are believed to have drowned in the past two weeks while trying to reach europe in make-shift boats launched by people smugglers from libya -- with up to 950 perishing off the italian island of lampedusa over the weekend alone. peter endean has apologised for retweeting a
a confident young fox picked the wrong foe to steal his lunch from. the animal is pictured vying for a large deer bone as he crosses a frozen lake in furen in japan. while the fox appears to have some success fending off a flock of crows , when a pair of eagles turn up he soon finds out he has taken on more than he can handle. scroll down for video. a bold red fox spots a deer bone on a frozen lake in japan and begins to fight both a flock of crows and an eagle for the tasty lunch. the fox proudly holds the
a down-on-their-luck couple from ohio struggling with chronic conditions that left them unable to make a living were found dead from self-inflicted carbon monoxide poisoning this week , less than two months after their desperate pleas for help went ignored. randy and jodi speidel , from bellefontaine , created online fundraisers on givefroward.com and gofundme.com in late february begging good samaritans for financial help. mrs speidel wrote that they had been living without gas all winter , had no running water and were close to having their electricity and internet service shut off. hopeless : randy and jodi speidel , from bellefontaine , ohio , took their own lives this week , more than two months after they created online fundraisers begging
sporting america fell in love with him because of his skill under pressure and his sheer bravura. the rest of america fell in love because of what happened after the winning putt was holed. the 79th masters attracted massive ratings in the usa and there is no surprise in that. they tuned in to watch as perfect a demonstration of sporting endeavour as you will ever behold. but they also tuned in to watch a man with a common touch and a depth of sincerity that reached into the heart of every household. politicians who try so hard to be popular could learn much from 21-year-old masters champion jordan spieth. the green jackets and dignitaries sitting behind him were enraptured as the winner gave
-lrb- cnn -rrb- the other day , i searched through hundreds of photos hoping to find a starting point to write this article. looking through old photos is usually an enjoyable experience -- coming across a wedding or remembrances of happy times with family and friends. on this occasion , however , i found myself flipping through images from a devastating time we dearly wish had never happened but can not afford to forget. white sand beaches stained with black sludge , oil-choked waterways and wildlife , shuttered businesses , and front-lawn signs pleading for justice and help. five years after the deepwater horizon oil rig disaster that killed
a police corruption trial in philadelphia is far from over , but already one trial witness has been handed a losing verdict. witness robert kushner lost his varsity coaching job at a private academy after testifying this week about his years selling marijuana. kushner , 32 , is one of more than a dozen former drug dealers testifying for the federal government about allegations of police wrongdoing. witness robert kushner lost his varsity coaching job at the jack m. barrack hebrew academy after testifying this week about his years selling marijuana. he told jurors tuesday that some of the undercover officers on trial had stolen $ 81,000 in cash and 7 pounds of
jay z launched a stream of tweets defending his premium music streaming app tidal after the service , launched last month , was described as a flop. his social media diatribe comes as reports claim that tidal is being sabotaged by rivals as it attempts to take business away from more-established music outlets such as spotify and apple. ` we may not be perfect - but we are determined , ' he said while claiming that there are ` many big companies that are spending millions on a smear campaign '. ` we are here for the long haul , ' the rapper and businessman tweeted in a string of ` stream of consciousness ' messages. scroll down for video. twitter rant
tv celebrity dr mehmet oz will take on his detractors in the medical community head-on during a special episode of his daytime talk show thursday , sending a strong message that he will not be silenced. oz , 54 , found himself at the center of a firestorm last week when 10 prominent doctors sent a letter to columbia university , where he serves as vice chairman and professor of surgery at college of physicians , calling for his resignation because he is a ` charlatan who promotes ` quack treatments. ' in a special episode of the dr oz show , which was pre-taped tuesday and will air thursday , the beleaguered physician directly addressed his
massaging your ` third eye ' , the point between your eyebrows , can help boost concentration , massage therapist suzi cinalli says. do you find your mind wandering , caught in a day dream ? or hitting the afternoon slump ahead of schedule , loosing your train of thought even by mid-morning ? if you struggle to stay alert , massage therapist suzi cinalli , from the vital touch , might have just the answer. here , writing for healthista , she outlines her six top tips to boost concentration , from cooing over cute pictures of pets , to indulging in a lunchtime yoga session ... massage your ` third eye ' massaging reflex points when
jockey blake shinn rode his pants off in the opening race of a meeting in sydney. literally. atop miss royale as it tore down the home straight , the elastic in mr shinn 's pants gave way , exposing his backside to punters track-side. ' i was more worried about winning the race. they -lsb- the pants -rsb- went just after the start and there was nothing i could do , ' shinn said. ' i was more worried about winning the race. they -lsb- the pants -rsb- went just
a northern indiana pizzeria that closed after its owner said his religious beliefs would n't allow him to cater a gay wedding opened thursday to a full house of friends , regulars and people wanting to show their support. ` it 's a relief to get going again and try to get back to normal , ' said kevin o'connor , owner of memories pizza. o'connor closed the shop for eight days after comments by him and his daughter , crystal , to a local television station supporting a new religious objections law. the law , which has since been revised
don mclean -lrb- pictured -rrb- is responsible american pie , the lyrics of which have been puzzled over for decades. there has never been a popular song quite like it. for more than 40 years , its lyrics have been an enigma wrapped in an eight-and-a-half minute long rock 'n' roll puzzle. argued over by generations of geeky fans , deciphered and re-deciphered by code-breaking rock nerds and considered to be poetic reflections on mid-20th century u.s. social history by even groovier academics , it 's called american pie. and this week its lyrics , hand-written in 1971 by a young
david light , account director at the data partnership , revealed the underhand tactics used by his company to coax information from people. data bosses have been caught boasting to the mail of the underhand tactics they use to trick homeowners into giving away their secrets. in meetings with our undercover reporters , they admitted ignoring an official no-call list meant to protect the vulnerable. and they said they could never be honest with people about the consequences of passing on personal information because then no one would answer their calls. ` we 're a business at the end of the day , '
luke rockhold is ready to be the bull to lyoto machida 's matador when the middleweights collide in new jersey on saturday. the californian is bidding for his fourth consecutive victory since losing to vitor belfort two years ago and has a title shot in his sights. and he knows exactly what it will take to beat machida. lyoto machida -lrb- left -rrb- and luke rockhold face off ahead of their middleweight clash this weekend. ' a big set of balls. i 've just got to come forward and go out there and dominate him , ' he said. ` machida likes to run around and
detectives investigating the disappearance of three-year-old william tyrrell believe he may have been abducted by a paedophile ring when he disappeared from his grandmother 's house last september. detective superintendent mick willing , nsw homicide squad commander , said on friday : ` one of our lines of inquiry relates to people we expect to be involved in a paedophile ring. ' he said detectives from the homicide squad and the sex crime squad are ` vigorously perusing that line of inquiry and this investigation is moving at a very fast pace. ' ` we are perusing every lead that we get , ' detective willing said. the news comes as the parents of the missing toddler
the performance of jimmy anderson on the last morning of the second test was one of the greatest i have seen from an england cricketer. he did everything right as a bowler , catcher and fielder. it was botham-esque. england must be doing something right behind the scenes if one of their players can produce something like that almost out of nothing. sessions that win matches do not happen purely by chance. when something like that happens it 's very hard to adhere to the old mantra of not getting too up when things go well and not too low when they go badly. england captain alastair cook celebrates as he scores the runs to defeat west indies in the second
eugenie bouchard has displayed here ruthless competitive streak again by refusing to shake hands with opponent alexandra dulgheru at a pre-match press conference. bouchard is playing in the fed cup world group play-off against romania this weekend and faces world no 66 dulgheru in her first contest. however during the draw ceremony in montreal , bouchard declined dulgheru 's offer of a sporting handshake in front of the assembled photographers. canadian star eugenie bouchard -lrb- left -rrb- lines up for a photo next to fed cup opponent alexandra dulgheru. credit to dulgheru , she managed to see the funny side of the awkward moment and did n't appear to take it too personally. ` it 's nothing personal towards her , i just do n't believe in wishing my opponent good luck before the match ,
-lrb- cnn -rrb- an alaska airlines flight was forced to make an emergency landing monday after its pilot reported hearing unusual banging. flight 448 , which had been bound for los angeles , returned to seattle. upon landing , a ramp agent was discovered inside the front cargo hold , according to a statement from the airline. the agent , who is an employee of alaska contractor menzies aviation , told authorities he had fallen asleep , the statement said. he appeared to be in ok condition. the cargo hold is pressurized and temperature controlled. the plane was also only in the
uber driver emerson decarvalho allegedly ran down a cyclist after a confrontation in the street. an uber driver in san francisco has been charged with assault after ramming into a cyclist who was shouting at him , leaving the biker with several broken bones , police and media reported. the incident occurred in the busy fisherman 's wharf area of san francisco when the cyclist rode up to the vehicle , yelled at the driver , banged on his window and pushed in his mirror , police spokesman carlos manfredi told afp. ` during the exchange the cyclist sped up and the vehicle also sped up , striking the back
-lrb- cnn -rrb- erica kinsman , a former florida state university student who has accused star football player jameis winston of rape , has filed a lawsuit against the heisman trophy-winning quarterback , her lawyer said thursday. kinsman has said winston raped her in december 2012. a prosecutor decided against bringing criminal charges in the case. in the lawsuit filed thursday , kinsman alleges sexual battery , false imprisonment and intentional infliction of emotional distress. winston has said the sex was consensual. cnn obtained the following statement from winston 's attorney david cornwell. `` this stunt was expected , '' the statement said. `` ms.
patrick bamford enhanced middlesbrough 's automatic promotion bid by equalling the club 's record goal return of the modern era. bamford , the on-loan chelsea forward , struck his 15th of the campaign , to match the tally of colombian hamilton ricard during the 1998-99 premier league season. no one has scored more in the 16 intervening years. his deflected 20th-minute effort was enough to earn victory over relegation-threatened wigan , who now have just six matches to avert the prospect of playing league one football just two years after shocking manchester city in the fa cup final at wembley. middlesbrough striker patrick bamford , on loan
there are few things better than sipping a refreshing drink while admiring spectacular views of the sea and soaking up the sun at an island resort. unless you have the entire island to yourself. holidaymakers with deep pockets can find that kind of privacy on a brazilian island which is tucked inside a picturesque bay and boasts chalets over the water , air-conditioned rooms to beat the sweltering heat , a heliport and a swimming pool carved into the rock -- all from # 2,500 -lrb- $ 3,750 -rrb- a night. scroll down for video. ilha de mana boasts a main residence and four chalets over crystal clear water ,
no young person wants their parents following them on social media , and deion sanders jr. discovered firsthand why it is such a bad idea this week. the talented wide receiver , who is a sophomore at southern methodist university , wrote on twitter thursday ; ` got ta get the hood doughnuts almost every morning. if my doughnuts do n't come in a plain white box , i do n't want them ! ' then , seeing this tweet , dad deion sanders decided to have a little fun with his son , and give him a piece of his mind , writing back ; ` you 're a huxtable with a million $ trust fund
this is the scarred face of a nursing student who was hit in the face by a flying pint glass which was thrown across a crowded pub during a heavy metal gig. charnelle hughes , 20 , was stood near the bar at the adelphi pub in preston reading a text message , when she was struck on the side of the head by the empty glass after it was hurled into a group of 40 people during a live gig. the culprit jordan goode , also aged 20 , had been dancing aggressively to heavy rock music and had suddenly picked up the glass and threw it randomly. charnelle hughes , who was left scarred
pete evans has been slammed by medical professionals for promoting fluoride-free water. health minister jillian skinner has slammed celebrity chef pete evans for promoting fluoride-free water , saying he is putting people 's health at risk with his extreme views on diet and lifestyle. it comes after concerned medical professionals described evans ' standpoint as misinformed and a potentially dangerous lifestyle choice after he revealed his family also steers clear of consuming australian tap water. ms skinner said she was ` highly disappointed ' to see the my kitchen rules judge use his power as a high profile media personality to influence in areas he had no expertise , in which she has refused to watch his reality cooking show. ` here we are spending a lot of effort and energy in educating people about the value of fluoridation , about the fact that there are
chris christie 's wife has quit her big-money job on wall street in what could be a sign her husband has decided to run for president in 2016. may pat christie , 51 , a managing director at new york city finance firm angelo gordon & co , ditched her $ 475,000-a-year position this week , a family spokesman confirmed. the official reason for the resignation was ` to spend more time with her family and young children '. but many will see the move as a sign that new jersey governor christie , 52 , is coming closer to seeking the republican nomination for the 2016 presidential election. scroll down for video. ditching wall street :
-lrb- cnn -rrb- the united states and its negotiating partners reached a very strong framework agreement with iran in lausanne , switzerland , on thursday that limits iran 's nuclear program in such a way as to effectively block it from building a nuclear weapon. expect pushback anyway , if the recent past is any harbinger. just last month , in an attempt to head off such an agreement , house speaker john boehner invited israeli prime minister benjamin netanyahu to preemptively blast it before congress , and 47 senators sent a letter to the iranian leadership warning them away from a deal. the debate that has already begun since the announcement of
andre blackman hides his face outside hammersmith magistrates court. a former celtic star tried to dodge performing unpaid work for shoplifting from harrods - after claiming it would disrupt his search for a new club. andre blackman , 24 , who now plays for doomed championship side blackpool fc , stole a jacket worth more than # 1,000 from the world famous store in knightsbridge. blackman , who has been told he is ` surplus to requirements ' by tangerines boss lee clark , described the offence as a ` moment of madness. ' he was ordered to carry out 40 hours of unpaid work after hammersmith magistrates ' court
three men have today been arrested on suspicion of murdering missing chef claudia lawrence. three men arrested on suspicion of the murder of missing chef claudia lawrence have been released on bail. the three men , who are in their 50s are all from the york area. the trio were questioned over night by police investigating the chef 's disappearance. ms lawrence was 35 when she vanished on march 18 , 2009. her father , peter , reported her missing after she failed to turn up to work in the canteen of the university of york for her 6am shift. detectives previously questioned a man in his 50s from york in march in connection with ms lawrence 's murder. he remains on police bail. a north
-lrb- cnn -rrb- she could stand on a strand of human hair , with room to spare. the microscopic polymer statue by south african sculptor jonty hurwitz , entitled trust , measured just 1/100th of a centimeter and had been called the `` smallest sculpture ever made. '' but the world 's tiniest woman suddenly disappeared to an unknown location , likely never to be seen again. while she was being photographed through an electron microscope -- the only way to view the minute creation -- trust vanished , with only a smudged fingerprint left behind by her photographer as a clue. after an hour long search , hurwitz and the photographer gave in : ``
muhammed tahir at the old bailey. he was banned from using london underground during rush hours after rubbing himself up against a woman in a busy carriage. a dry cleaner in his fifties has been banned from using the tube during rush hours after targeting a young woman and rubbing his crotch and pot belly on her bottom. mohammed tahir , 53 , of leytonstone , east london , got off his train at mile end and picked a target on the platform - a ` confident and articulate ' professional in her 20s , a court heard. he then followed her onto a central line service and stood as close to her as he could. tahir sidled up to
a warming climate may have enabled the earliest humans to venture into western europe 1.4 million years ago , a new study suggests. researchers believe that the spread of our distant human ancestors , the hominins , had been halted by colder and drier temperatures. but as conditions warmed , they were able to branch out from africa into spain , and ultimately spread across europe. spanish researchers say climate change impacted human migration. until 1.4 million years ago it was too cold to inhabit southeast spain. but then the climate warmed to 13 °c -lrb- 55 °f -rrb- and became more humid. this enabled hominins -lrb- stock image shown -rrb- - our distant ancestors - to move to
we think of them as thriving in wildflower meadows and rolling fields. but new research suggests britain 's bees are happier near towns and cities. a study of wildlife sites across four english counties has found that most are home to fewer species of bee today than they were in the past. it found that the expansion of farmland has actually been more damaging to britain 's bee population than the concreting over of the countryside for housing. a reading university researcher has said that bees prefer cities to fields -lrb- honey bees in paris shown -rrb-. the expansion of farmland
he is about to turn 80 but self-confessed ladies ' man albert roux has evidently lost none of his charm. the legendary french chef has been wining and dining a string of glamorous blondes since divorcing his wife of eight years , zimbabwean-born heiress cheryl roux , last year. the coterie includes a former flame , an artist , a hospitality manager and the woman at the centre of his bitter divorce -- former cloakroom attendant nataliya lutsyshyna. chef albert roux with his second wife , zimbabwean-born heiress , cheryl roux before their divorce last year. sources close to the restaurateur say he is ` smitten ' with ms lutsyshyna , a 41-year-old ukrainian who used to work at the roux restaurant in westminster.
the wife of a suburban los angeles mayor who was shot in his home pleaded not guilty thursday to voluntary manslaughter. lyvette crespo , 43 , entered the plea to a grand jury indictment. she was ordered held on $ 150,000 bail and could face up to 21 years in state prison if convicted. crespo shot bell gardens mayor daniel crespo three times in the chest on september 30. the killing came after the late mayor 's years of domestic abuse , the widow claims. however , the late crespo 's brother says those claims are all a lie and that he has evidence proving mrs. crespo is a cold-blooded killer. indicted : lyvette crespo -lrb- right
it is the radio format that has delivered the latest chart hits , news and talk shows in stereo to homes around the world for decades. but now the characteristic hiss of interference that accompanies most fm broadcasts is set to fall silent. norway has announced that it will be the the first country in the world to switch off its fm radio signal. twiddling the knobs of a radio will no longer be necessary as analogue services switch off in favour of digital. the norwegian government said it will turn off its fm transmitters on january 11 2017. now with the ever expanding number
a mother-of-two who was abused by her own father throughout her childhood has spoken out after he was jailed for 22 years. mandy greenwood , 39 , from rochdale , greater manchester , said : ` my dad used to tell me he only did it because he loved me. i was more like his wife than his daughter. ` now he 's in jail the sense of freedom and relief is incredible. he can never hurt another child again. ' brave : mandy greenwood has spoken out about the father who abused her as a child. mandy carried the terrible secret around with her for more than 20 years -- and it was only after she confided in her husband , dave ,
the manchester derby is now one of the biggest match-ups in world football. millions across the globe cram around tv screens to catch a glimpse of the fixture , and its appeal gets ever greater with each passing season. but just how manchester is the clash between city and united ? sportsmail takes a look at everything local between the two giants. sergio aguero and manchester city travel to old trafford to face united on sunday afternoon. owners. you will not find many united fans who pine for the days when martin edwards , son of a salford butcher , ruled the roost at old
she might be celebrating her 75th birthday today , but an overjoyed queen margrethe of denmark looked far younger as she waved to excited crowds from the balcony at the amalienborg palace. the danish monarch was joined for the balcony appearance by her son and heir , crown prince frederik , 46 , his wife crown princess mary , 43 , and their four children. waiting below was an enormous flag-waving crowd who went into raptures as the royals appeared , watched by members of other european royal dynasties , among them sweden 's and norway 's. scroll down for video. royal wave : queen margrethe is flanked by her sons frederik and joachim as she waves to the crowds. celebrating : denmark 's crown prince frederik , his wife mary and their nine-year-old son prince christian on the balcony. family affair : frederik and mary were joined
martin ` mad dog ' allen returns with his latest column for sportsmail. the barnet manager talks about how important it is for the troops to follow order during this crucial stage of the season. taking the biscuit. just a few days ago an old friend of mine jimmy carter , the winger who played for millwall , liverpool and arsenal not the us president , visited barnet and left me a nice packet of milk chocolate biscuits in my office. after training , to help me get rid of them , i decided to give some out to our players. the first seven
a woman 's life was saved after her doctor discovered she had stomach cancer during prep for gastric bypass surgery. rachel sandridge , 29 , from maryland , says she was shocked at the unexpected diagnosis but thankful to her diligent doctor. sandridge was due to undergo the surgery after her weight reached 430lbs. rachel sandridge , 29 , from maryland , was due to undergo the surgery after her weight reached 430 pounds. . but durring the prep her doctor discovered she had cancer. pictured : sandridge -lrb- left -rrb- before surgery and after. she had to lose weight to qualify for the surgery and then underwent a routine endoscopy , to
david cameron has admitted boris johnson is aiming to be the next tory leader. david cameron has admitted boris johnson is locked in a behind-the-scenes battle with theresa may and george osborne to take over the tory leadership. the prime minister said the london mayor had ` suddenly realised ' after years of mischief making that his main political rivals were those lining themselves up to take over the top job. he said mr johnson now understood the pair were no longer in ` competition '. the admission exposes the battle quietly raging behind the scenes over who will take over from mr cameron. it comes just weeks after mr cameron revealed
-lrb- cnn -rrb- a freshly fallen tree in the roadway was jason warnock 's first clue. warnock was driving through a canyon in lewiston , idaho , on wednesday when he saw the tree , then looked up to see an suv dangling over the edge of a cliff. the only thing holding the gmc yukon and its terrified driver from a 30-foot drop was a crumpled chain-link fence , still clinging to the earth above bryden canyon road. `` i seen that guy hanging there and he was trying to beat the window out or the door open and i was like ` oh man , ' 'cause only like five links
a new zealand couple needed a home upon returning home after living in the uk , so they built one on the back of an old flatbed truck. hannah and alex purchased a 1986 hino flatbed and undertook their year and a half labor of love. the result was a solar-powered two-bedroom , wood and steel home that now allows them to live almost self-sufficiently in nelson , new zealand. how a truck becomes a home : a new zealand couple built this country home on the bed of a flatbed truck. making do : alex -lrb- left -rrb- and hannah -lrb- right -rrb- wanted a home that was cozy
the wife of legendary cricket commentator , richie benaud , has politely declined the offer of a state funeral for her late husband. daphne benaud has reportedly settled on a private gathering with only immediate family , indicating the ` no fuss ' approach is the way the former test captain would have wanted it. the private service for benaud , who died on friday aged 84 , will take place this week , news corp reported on sunday. ` godfather of cricket ' : legendary commentator and former australia captain richie benaud died aged 84. respected : benaud died peacefully in his sleep surrounded by his wife daphne -lrb- above -rrb- and family members.
liam phillips knows he must expand his repertoire to aid his bid for olympic glory. the 26-year-old from burnham-on-sea won the 2013 bmx world title and was the world cup series champion in 2014. phillips , who races in the manchester world cup event this weekend , plans to use 2015 to experiment with tactics in a bid to arrive at the start gate in rio full of confidence. liam phillips in action during the 2012 olympics , and the 26-year-old is hoping for glory in rio. ` there are certain areas i need to improve to get on the gate in rio and know that i 've done everything i can to be
an amateur cyclist is planning to ride the entire tour de france - considered the most gruelling race in professional cycling - on a raleigh chopper. dave sim has put in months of training aboard his bright yellow mark three chopper in preparation to ride all 2077 miles of the 2015 tour de france route this summer. the 36-year-old personal trainer from southport , merseyside , is hoping his stunt will inspire people to get out and ride themselves. scroll down for video. dave sim , 36 , rides his raleigh chopper on the l'etape du tour last year. he now hopes to cycle the entire tour de france. the tour involves many hill climbs
a heartbroken father told yesterday how his daughter had been given hard drugs by dealers targeting schools. in an emotional open letter , he told how the ` bright and beautiful ' gcse pupil started using a cocktail of banned substances including cocaine , ecstasy , methadone and ` party drug ' meow meow. the father -- identified only as john to protect his family 's privacy -- warned that class a drugs were widely available to children , and urged schools and police to get tough. he said dealers made the drugs ` incredibly cheap and available ' to hook their young customers. a father has revealed that his teenage daughter became hooked on cocaine and
an explorer who plans to spend a year living inside a ball-shaped capsule on top of an iceberg is seeking funding for his daring project. italian alex bellini is to be subjected to the full force of the iceberg as it melts , cracks and even flips - while hopefully staying safe inside his small spherical cabin. the aim of the cabin fever-inducing stunt is to highlight how global warming will melt icebergs around the world and cause sea levels to rise. scroll down for video. italian alex bellini will live atop an iceberg in greenland starting next year. he will live inside a contained ball -lrb- artist 's illustration shown -rrb-
serena williams will be 34 at the end of a summer that she looks all set to enter without having been beaten on tour in 2015. she heads into saturday 's final of the miami open with a 17-0 record , and will surely extend that winning sequence against the admirable but somewhat limited spaniard carla suarez navarro. the somewhat scary thing about williams is that , by her own admission , she is not even playing her best , and yet she is still ahead of the rest of the field by a country mile. serena williams celebrates after reaching the miami open final to continue her unbeaten run
while it might be the nation 's largest grocer , walmart supercenter was ranked at the bottom of the barrel in a recent survey of america 's supermarkets. the retailer has consistently been one of the lowest-rated grocers since 2005 in consumer reports ' annual survey , and this year it was rated number 67 , the second worst supermarket. as it is the primary shopping destination for ten per cent of the 63,000 readers surveyed by the magazine , walmart is lacking in areas including service and quality of produce. however , it was noted for its better-than-average prices. walmart was ranked the second
washington -lrb- cnn -rrb- a shooting that prompted the lockdown of the u.s. capitol for several hours saturday was a suicide and does not have an apparent connection to terrorism , capitol police chief kim dine said in a news conference. an unidentified male walked through a public area on the west front of the capitol early saturday afternoon and shot himself , dine told reporters. witnesses told cnn dozens of shocked onlookers watched , including some young children. the unidentified shooter had a backpack and a rolling suitcase that authorities treated as treated suspicious packages , prompting the lockdown as they were investigated , capitol police said. the male carried a sign
the fbi and nypd said on wednesday that a reward of up to $ 115,000 is being offered for information leading to an arrest and conviction in the march 2008 bombing at the times square military recruitment station. no one was injured. but police commissioner william bratton says people had walked past just moments before the device detonated in the early hours of march 6. officials said the explosion may be connected to earlier unsolved bombings at the british and mexican consulates. fbi footage showed the times square suspect placing the bomb and riding away on a bike. a bomb explodes outside the u.s. armed forces recruiting station in times square , new york on
a labour candidate has denied launching a foul-mouthed attack on a political rival for pointing out he lives in a # 1.5 million home. michael foster was appearing at a public ` hustings ' in the camborne and redruth constituency when he objected to mention of his luxurious four-bedroom home by loveday jenkin who is standing for the cornish party mebyon kernow. ms jenkin claims mr foster turned to her and said : ` you c ***. if you pick on me again i will destroy you. ' labour candidate michael foster , pictured , said not many people in cornwall would be hit by
ex-convict and white supremacist ryan giroux , 41 , has pleaded not guilty to a string of offences , after mesa police say he shot six people , killing one. a convicted burglar and white supremacist has pleaded not guilty to killing one person and wounding five others in a rampage in arizona , usa. ryan giroux is accused of shooting three people in a phoenix motel , killing a man and injuring two women during the incident in march 18 in the suburb of mesa , and will now stand trial. another man was shot while working at a nearby restaurant , and then two more at separate apartment complexes , about two miles away. police swarmed the city in a massive response , with mesa
an egyptian goose that lived for at least a week with an arrow piercing its neck as it evaded capture by animal control workers in southern california died after it was wrangled and taken to surgery. the goose at first appeared to make it successfully through the operation at a bird and wildlife clinic wednesday but then died a short time later , said katie ingram of orange county animal care. ` the vet did everything that they could do , ' ingram told los angeles television station knbc. ` we are unsure if it was due to the extent of the injuries or some other complication. we were all hoping for
this was tricky for steve cotterill. he did not want to do bristol city down but at the same time felt the truth ought to be laid bare. the eight-second pause was revealing in its length as a delicate topic reared its head. where exactly would this club -- now on the brink of the championship -- be without their billionaire owner steve lansdown ? cotterill looked down at his feet , searching for the right answer. ` i do n't quite know , ' he said , head shaking. it is n't worth thinking about. he is aware that they 'd
imagine if raheem sterling had actually done something wrong. imagine if he had not turned up for training. imagine if he had refused to play. imagine if he had gone on strike. imagine , even , if he had asked for a transfer away from liverpool. imagine the opprobrium that would have been heaped upon him then. because as it is , he has been labelled an ingrate and a fool. he has been called avaricious , capricious , disloyal and impressionable. he is in thrall , it is said , to a man portrayed as his iago of an agent. sterling 's ability has been questioned and his contribution
salvina formosa does weights and sit-to-stand exercises every week to improve her fitness. she may be too old for a lot of things but working out is not one of them. salvina formosa from south wentworthville , west of sydney , has been taking part in step classes to improve her fitness and strength to walk after tripping over on an uneven footpath. the 101-year-old widow , who was never keen on exercise in her youth , now does weights and sit-to-stand exercises several times a week at southern cross care in merrylands. and there 's no sign of her slowing down at any time soon. ' i can now do 20 sit-to-stand exercises , ' she said. ' i
a young father who died in a paragliding accident on monday afternoon posted pictures of his view from the sky just hours before he lost control of his powered paramotor. kyle wittstock , 22 , posted photos from the air with the caption ` guess where i am ? ' , showing the beach and water far below his dangling feet. the paraglider was swept into a garage door of a house on linksman street in yanchep , perth , by a strong wind at approximately 3.30 pm on monday afternoon. kyle wittstock , 22 , died on monday afternoon after his paraglider crashed into a garage door. mr wittstock was taken to joondalup hospital by emergency services and was pronounced dead shortly after arrival , reported 9news. the
after years of negotiations , stephen king 's hit novel series the dark tower is on its way to big and small screens near you. the revered writer , who penned shawshank redemption and the shining , slammed warner brothers in 2012 for dropping plans to make a movie trilogy and tv mini-series. finally , three years later , things are back on track - this time with sony. finally : stephen king has announced sony will be putting his ` magnum opus ' the dark tower in cinemas. these are just two of the eight novels which king spent over 40 years writing. the movie and tv version is said to mainly stem from
former chelsea winger florent malouda has picked his #one2eleven stars he played alongside throughout his career on sky sports ' fantasy football club. malouda , who won the barclays premier league in 2010 and 2012 champions league with chelsea , chose players from chelsea , guingamp and the france national team. watch #one2eleven every friday evening on the fantasy football club , sky sports 1 or catch up on demand. goalkeeper : petr cech. cech is the man for the big occasions and the big games. the last one was the -lrb- champions league -rrb- final in munich. preparing a goalkeeper 's station is like mathematics - nothing is like an accident. he is somebody
-lrb- cnn -rrb- doing weird stuff to your body in the name of beauty is n't anything new. humans have been changing the shape of our skulls , inking ourselves up and sticking things through various protuberances since before we figured out how to write. but now we have twitter and facebook and hashtags , so these things seem to sweep around the world faster than a quick trip to the piercing joint. and somehow , many trends these days seem to somehow involve a member of the kardashian clan. the latest : lip plumping. by sucking on a jar. to look like kylie jenner. seriously. it even has a hashtag
imagine a future where humans are skiing on the surface of a distant moon and living in floating cities on venus - while earth lies in ruin. that 's the future envisioned by an artist in a fantastic series of ` tourism ' posters , showcasing his dream for how we might one day explore the stars. and he hopes the posters encourage us to expand our presence into the solar system - especially as our planet is vulnerable to cosmic disasters. scroll down for video. artist frank mckeever from florida created these amazing posters. they show how we could colonise various worlds in the
a series of unpublished love letters from mexican artist frida kahlo to her lover jose bartoli are expected to fetch upwards of $ 120,000 when the passionate missives go up for auction later this. during her marriage to muralist diego rivera , frida penned the letters to jose , a catalan artist whom she met while she was recovering from surgery in new york. their steamy correspondence began shortly after she returned to mexico following the trip and continued throughout their secret three-year romance. ' i do n't know how to write love letters. but i wanted to tell you that my whole being opened for you , ' then-39-year-old frida wrote in october of 1946. scroll down for video. secret romance : mexican artist frida kahlo
ed miliband 's poor leadership has been mocked by a labour candidate , who said it was like having ' a manager of a football team that you do n't rate , but you still support the team '. paul gilbert even joked that he hoped his ` off-piste ' comment would not ` find it 's way back ' to the labour leadership , because he stands little hope of winning in cheltenham , gloucestershire. he also blasted labour 's ` entirely unsatisfactory ' policy on tuition fees and told voters at a university hustings : ' i do n't like where we are. ' scroll down for video. labour candidate
for 120 years it has been a great british institution , bringing world-class performances of classical music to the public. but now the bbc has been accused of dumbing down the proms -- by holding an ibiza-style dance party. this year 's proms will include a late-night concert hosted by dj pete tong , who will pay ` homage to ibiza and its infectious , energetic brand of club music '. veteran dance dj pete tong -lrb- left -rrb- will bring club classics to the royal albert hall for this year 's proms. pictured right is cartoonist pugh 's take on the ` dumbing down ' of the proms. it will take place on july 29 , coinciding with the 20th anniversary of radio 1 's broadcasts from ibiza , and will reinterpret ` club classics ' such
-lrb- cnn -rrb- they come from more than 20 countries , drawn to libya as the funnel to europe. eritreans want to escape repression or military service ; somalis flee al-shabaab and clan warfare ; syrians have given up hope of returning home. in villages in senegal and elsewhere across west africa , young men sell all they have in the hope of a better life in europe , perhaps hoping to join a cousin or brother who made it. motivations among the tens of thousands making the trek to the mediterranean coast are as many and varied as the nationalities involved , according to researchers and human rights groups. but in 2014 more
-lrb- cnn -rrb- larry upright died just one day after hillary clinton announced she was running for president. and in his obituary , his family made just two requests : please donate to a children 's hospital , and please do n't vote for clinton. upright , a staunch republican , died monday at a north carolina hospital. he was 81. `` in lieu of flowers , memorials may be sent to shriners hospital for children , '' his obituary reads. `` also , the family respectfully asks that you do not vote for hillary clinton in 2016. r.i.p. grandaddy. '' daughter jill mclain said it was
reading manager steve clarke and his players will rally round goalkeeper adam federici to help him get over his wembley gaffe. the australian blew his side 's chances of beating arsenal in saturday 's fa cup semi-final by spilling alexis sanchez 's shot into his own net in extra-time. federici was inconsolable after the match and clarke revealed : ` i tried to hug him but he was very , very disappointed. he just wanted to get inside and have his sad moment by himself. you have to respect that. alexis sanchez 's low shot squirmed agonisingly through the legs of adam federici in extra time.
success is a gloriously familiar routine for johnny sexton. adding gold-plated entries to his personal cv has become an annual exercise -- a tradition he is hell-bent on maintaining. as he prepared for a european champions cup quarter-final showdown with saracens on sunday in paris , racing metro 's no 10 and irish icon reflected on his healthy habit. ` i 've been very lucky to have been part of some great sides with leinster and ireland , and there have n't been too many years that have gone by that i have n't been part of a side winning trophies , ' he said. in fact , since the 29-year-old established himself at senior level , 2010 stands alone as a
a 12-year-old boy has succeeded where many in the media have tried and failed by fearlessly cutting president obama off mid-ramble during a q&a session on thursday. osman yaya from bennett middle school in salisbury , maryland , was moderating a town hall event when the president started getting a little long-winded when answering a question about how to avoid writer 's block. as the president started to repeat himself , osman politely stepped in : ` yeah. i think you 've sort of covered everything about that question , ' he said as the audience laughed. osman yaya , 12 , from bennett middle school in salisbury , maryland , moderated a
it sat on a stark white block in a vast room that resembled a laboratory. i was at the sculpturecenter in the new york borough of queens , a spot dedicated to all things modern and avant garde. taking pride of place was a cluster of bottles , each of which contained dog fluff and a photo of the mutt it came from. ` we 're running a competition to find new talent , ' explained the black-clad curator , brightly. ` maybe i 'll shave the cat next time i visit my parents , ' i thought to myself. ` if i stick the fluff in a bottle , it might just win. ' cultural revolution : new york is in the
it 's the one day of the year you really should n't believe everything you read in the paper. news reporters and advertisers have long enjoyed coming up with ever more cunning hoaxes on april fools ' day and today is no exception. this april 1 has seen products and advertisers outdo themselves in their attempt to grab attention and hoodwink consumers , all in the name of fun. here we bring you the best and most unlikely stories from around the web - and our inboxes. scroll down for video. the self-tanning shower valve ` enables a radiant glow to be achieved at the touch of a button ' the tanning shower.
george kidd , the chief commissioner of the direct marketing commission , said it would be investigating two firms. two firms exposed by the daily mail as selling private information are to be probed by the industry watchdog. b2c data sold our undercover reporters the financial data of 15,000 people -- including details about their pension pots , incomes and investments. the second firm -- data bubble -- supplied our team with health details on 3,000 patients -- such as whether they suffered from high blood pressure , arthritis or even bladder problems. the direct marketing commission said it would probe both companies over claims that they had breached the rules on the sale of private data. it confirmed it was ` formally investigating two companies
former leeds captain trevor cherry has branded the six united players who withdrew at short notice from saturday 's match against charlton a ` disgrace ' and called for them to be sacked by the club. italian quartet mirco antenucci , giuseppe bellusci , dario del fabro and marco silvestri , frenchman souleymane doukara and albanian edgar cani all told beleaguered head coach neil redfearn they were injured and could not travel to london. redfearn , speaking after his side lost 2-1 at the valley , described it as a ` freakish ' set of events. according to the manager , silvestri had been rested since sustaining a knock but had been expected to recover , while antenucci
` screaming in agony ' : ups driver tom ryan -lrb- pictured -rrb- lost a leg after getting crushed against his own truck by a car swerving to miss a jaywalker. a ups driver had one of his legs ripped off after being crushed against his own truck by a car which swerved to avoid a jaywalker. tom ryan , 40 , was struck by a toyota while making deliveries on staten island , leaving the hanging by a thread. onlookers used a shirt as a tourniquet in a desperate attempt to stop the bleeding. witness moe sattar , a mechanic at the tyre store on hylan boulevard , said : ` tom was screaming.
the world 's best golfers gathered on the eve of the masters on thursday to take on a nine-hole course , often with their wives , girlfriends or kids as caddies , as part of the par 3 contest. and it seemed that golf wag and u.s. skier lindsey vonn appeared to be the only caddie to have opted out of the bland , white jumpsuit uniform. tiger woods showed up to the event at the augusta national golf club in augusta , georgia , with his two children , sam , 8 , and charlie , 6 , and his girlfriend lindsey vonn , who was dressed in a floor-length , spaghetti strap gown , accessorized with diamonds and louis vuitton. scroll down for
dundee have vowed to stand by paul mcgowan after the bad boy midfielder was spared jail for a third assault on a policeman. but the dens park bad boy will miss two forthcoming games against former club celtic because he is under house arrest. the 27-year-old has been placed on a 16-week restriction of liberty order which confines him to home between the hours of 7pm and 7am. and the dark blues face ronny deila 's night next wednesday night -- before a friday night trip to parkhead on may 1. mcgowan was handed his third conviction for assaulting a police officer at airdrie sheriff court. as a st mirren
a book of songs used by the u.s. air force contains horrifying lyrics about rape , pedophilia and homosexuality. the unofficial 2012 paperback book was revealed by a plaintiff in a lawsuit filed by four sexual-assault victims who want to stop the practice of sexual assault allegations within the military being handled by commanding officers. former tech. sgt. jennifer smith , who said she was sexually assaulted by a fellow airman in iraq , brought forward the songbook and she had filed an administrative complaint over the book in 2012. a book of songs used by the u.s. air force contains horrifying lyrics about rape , pedophilia
a florida mother has accused a school of threatening to suspend her five-year-old autistic son because of ` essential oils ' he wears to help combat his illness. jessica kemp from eustis says teachers at seminole county elementary warned they would remove kindergartner logan from class because the products , manufactured by doterra , smell and are a distraction to youngsters around him. the 32-year-old says she applies the liquid to his head and neck as it helps him keep calm and focused. scroll down for video. jessica kemp from eustis says teachers at seminole county elementary threaten to remove kindergartner logan from class because the oils smelled and were a distraction to
when eve addison developed a strange swelling in her collarbone after drinking gin and tonic , she assumed she must have an allergy. but when switching brands failed to help - and she developed night sweats and a rash - she saw her gp. to her horror , tests revealed the 24-year-old was suffering hodgkin lymphoma - cancer of the lymphatic system. the most common symptom of hodgkin lymphoma is one or more painless swellings in the neck , armpit or groin. eve addison , now 24 , developed a strange swelling in her collarbone whenever she drank gin and tonic - and assumed she must have develoepd
-lrb- cnn -rrb- a family trip to a nebraska zoo turned terrifying for one family after the gorilla they were looking at leaped toward the exhibit window , cracking it. kevin cave caught the incident on video that he posted on his reddit page. it has already been viewed more than 1 million times. cave said when his family first arrived at omaha 's henry doorly zoo gorilla exhibit , he noticed one of the gorillas had a cut below his eye that was `` bleeding a little bit. '' he said he overheard a couple of zookeepers say the gorillas had been fighting with one another. then the
-lrb- cnn -rrb- it was n't until her 20s that fethiye cetin discovered her armenian ancestry. her grandmother , 90 years old at the time , told cetin that her real name was heranus. like many other survivors of 1915 , heranus assimilated and kept her identity hidden. many feared a repeat of the horrors they witnessed and barely escaped. in a crowded reception before a memorial concert in istanbul this week , people rushed to greet fethiye cetin. a strong , soft-spoken woman now in her 60s , cetin is a prominent lawyer who represented armenian-turkish journalist hrant dink. dink was a strong proponent of reconciliation
wladimir klitschko will match joe louis in boxing 's record books with his 27th heavyweight title fight on saturday and could set more marks since he has no plans to retire anytime soon. the 39-year-old ukrainian , speaking to reporters ahead of saturday 's fight against american bryant jennings at new york 's madison square garden , has dominated the heavyweight division for nearly a decade and shown no signs of slowing down. ` as long as i have motivation and health , i 'll do it. i do n't feel old , or bad , or slow , ' said klitschko , who has 17 successful
a 24-year-old san diego man. was arrested and charged on thursday with lying to federal agents about his involvement with. islamic state militants fighting in syria , which has been documented on his facebook page. mohamad saeed kodaimati faced two counts of making false. statements involving international terrorism matters in us district court of the southern district of california. saeed , who was born in syria and became a naturalized american citizen in 2008 at age 17 , is accused of making false statements during interviews. with the fbi and other us authorities at the us embassy in. ankara , turkey , in march , the justice department said. terror suspect : mohamad saeed kodaimati , 24 , a syrian national
explorer sir ranulph fiennes has become the oldest briton to complete the punishing marathon des sables with just 13 minutes to spare. at the finish line of the six-day 256km race through the moroccan desert , the 71-year-old , who has previously suffered two heart attacks and underwent a double heart bypass in 2003 , said the event is ` not set for old geriatrics like me '. there were fears sir ranulph would not be able to finish the event after the 91km fourth stage , when he ran for more than 30 hours in temperatures topping 50c having had just one hour of sleep. scroll down for video. victory : sir ranulph fiennes has become the
this gruesome video shows how a man popped a huge cyst in his arm with a needle , screwdriver and a pair of pliers. the man , known only as jason , from vancouver , uploaded the clip to youtube after his wife filmed the stomach-churning moment. it begins with him explaining exactly how he will pop the grape-sized growth on his wrist. he says : ` we have the pliers , they 're going to hold onto the needle which will then be smashed into my cyst with the end of a screwdriver. ` it should be pretty cool. ' the man , known only as jason , uploaded the video to youtube of his unique way of popping
a telescopic tube that scans the lungs for cancer is being used by nhs doctors , cutting diagnosis time from days to just 30 minutes. when tumours in the lungs are suspected , patients can face a raft of tests and even surgery to find out if they have the disease , often resulting in an agonising wait before they start lifesaving treatment. now doctors at university college london hospitals nhs foundation trust -lrb- uclh -rrb- are able to start vital treatment much sooner using a single procedure. it even allows them to assess instantly the type and severity of the cancer. scroll down for video. a finger-width flexible tube called an endobronchial ultrasound -lrb- ebus -rrb- allows
students , parents and staff at a melbourne high school are horrified after the discovery students have been drinking treated sewage water from a bubbler on campus for more than a year. in a letter sent to all parents during the school holidays , the principal of st peter 's college in cranbourne east , tim hogan admitted that ` class a ' recycled water had been inadvertently connected to an outdoor drinking fountain. the bubbler had been dispensing recycled water for 16 months -- from december 17 2013 until april 1 2015. ` the cross-connection came to our attention through the maintenance staff of the college on the 30th of march , 2015 , ' mr hogan wrote in the letter , issued
fbi director james comey has caused huge offense to a key u.s. ally by using language that suggested that poland was an accomplice in the holocaust. poles are waiting to see if comey would issue an apology -- something that had n't happened by late monday. polish foreign minister grzegorz schetyna said he expected him to say sorry so the matter can be settled. comey said last week , ` in their minds , the murderers and accomplices of germany , and poland , and hungary , and so many , many other places did n't do something evil. ` they convinced themselves it was the right thing to do , the thing they had to do. that 's what people do. and that should truly frighten us. ' fbi director james comey
children 's soft toys act as a reservoir for bacteria and bring germs into hospitals , scientists have warned. a team of researchers at vanderbilt university in tennessee explored how best to minimise the risk of infection after surgery. they note that despite hand washing and other protocols , surgical-site infections continue to pose a problem. children 's toys could act as a reservoir for bacteria and bring germs into hospitals , scientists at vanderbilt university in tennessee , have warned. the researchers concluded this implied one of two scenarios. firstly , that current infection prevention methods are not effective. and secondly that there are alternative sources of
momentarily , he looked his age. having struck his second shot 163 yards to within six feet of the pin , jordan spieth stood over his ball on the 18th green. history was assured. he was n't going to three-putt from there , so whatever happened this would be the lowest 36-hole score in the history of the masters. he wanted it to be more than that , though. the best it could be. the exuberance of youth was kicking in. spieth missed. for the first time around augusta , he made a mild mis-step. he wheeled away , hopped a little ,
after months of speculation - and years of her friends ' doubts - whole pantry founder belle gibson has admitted she never had cancer. with her business empire destroyed and her online community in tatters , gibson today admitted her fatal cancer ` diagnoses ' were lies. ` no. none of it is true , ' she said , during a series of interviews published in the latest edition of the australian women 's weekly. in the interviews - which questioned her relationship with the truth and her understanding of cancer - gibson said she was not seeking forgiveness. ' i do n't want forgiveness. i just think -lrb- it -rrb- was the responsible thing to do. above anything , i would like people to say , ` okay , she
the founder of bikram yoga , who has been accused of sexually assaulting multiple students , has said women love him so much he would n't need to rape them to get sex. speaking out for the first time since six women filed civil lawsuits accusing him of unwanted sexual advances , 69-year-old bikram choudhury strongly denied the accusations. ' i never assaulted them , ' he said as he spoke to cnn. ` the answer is i feel sorry for them ... they 're entranced by somebody - lawyers. ' choudhury , who pioneered the practice of working out in a
tiny babies are more sensitive to pain than adults , according to a study of infants ' brains which overturns the medical consensus. until now doctors have assumed that the brains of very young babies are not developed enough to feel pain. it means that newborns often go without painkillers , even during invasive procedures. but the new findings , revealed by oxford university doctors , suggest that not only do babies feel pain , but their pain thresholds are even lower than those of adults. scroll down for video. research on infants ' brains by doctors from oxford university has found that young babies are more sensitive to pain than adults. it overturns the
a 65-year-old schoolteacher is set to become the oldest woman ever to give birth to quadruplets. german annegret raunigk , already has 13 children , and her remarkable story will be featured in a tv documentary. her latest pregnancy was the result of artificial insemination using both donated sperm and eggs. scroll down for video. annegret raunigk , a primary school teacher from berlin , will create medical history when she becomes the oldest mother of four in a single birth in the world. ms raunigk , who is in the 21st week of her pregnancy , said she was ` shocked ' when an ultrasound scan showed she was carrying quadruplets. her gynaecologist initially mentioned the possibility of a
-lrb- cnn -rrb- by now , you probably have a position regarding the controversy over indiana 's religious freedom law. you applaud the growing chorus of companies blasting the law as an invitation for businesses to discriminate against gays and lesbians , using religion as a cover. or , like indiana gov. mike pence , you are surprised at the backlash and maintain that it is basically a copy of a law that is already in the books at the federal level and 19 other states. the issue drives a wedge because , well , the debate over religious freedom and
these images show a bizarre ritual in eastern india where villagers , including children as young as 10 , roast themselves above an open fire in the hope it will bring them good luck. revellers in the remote village in jharkhand state tie themselves upside down onto a wooden pole that hand hangs just feet above a raging fire. seconds later they throw themselves into the flames. locals believe that the unusual practice helps protect the village from drought and disease , adding that criticism over the safety is misguided and there are no reports of those taking part ever being injured. unusual : villagers , including children as young as 10 , roast themselves over the
-lrb- cnn -rrb- i 've been in disaster management long enough to know that there is really no one right way to mark the anniversary of a tragic event. as the boston marathon runners begin and , hopefully , finish their exhausting run monday , the lingering memories of the 2013 marathon blasts will be seen and felt in all sorts of ways. more public safety officials throughout the route , a finish line area that prohibits large bags , national guard members in full uniform giving some sense of security -- those are the most obvious , visible changes. and there are less obvious ones too. with the luxury of some time and healing , the city has moved on. and that is a blessing. in the midst of that weeklong tragedy -- the bombings , the manhunt , the lockdown
cheltenham town have two games to preserve their football league status - and manager gary johnson has revealed one of the techniques he is using to try and bring the best out of his players. when johnson took over as manager of the league two club on march 30 , he wrote ' i promise to do all i can to keep cheltenham town in the league ' on an a3 sheet of paper and asked his players to put their signature on it. ` they all signed it , ' johnson said to the bbc. ` some signed it and meant
fifa has announced that football association chairman greg dyke has returned a # 16,000 watch he was given as a gift. dyke was given one of a limited edition of parmigiani watches by the brazilian fa during a fifa congress meeting in sao paulo during the world cup - with 65 handed out in goodie bags totalling more than # 1million. when the watches were recalled , dyke initially refused to hand his back having promised to donate it to the fa 's official charity partner , breast cancer care , so that it could be auctioned. greg dyke -lrb- right -rrb- and the # 16,000 parmigiani watch that he was given as a gift at the world cup last summer. but , with the threat of sanctions if he
it was the most hi-tech road trip ever attempted. delphi automotive has completed the longest automated drive in the us , travelling from san francisco to new york in the first coast-to-coast trip ever attempted by an automated vehicle. nearly 3,400 miles were covered with 99 percent of the drive in fully automated mode. scroll down for video. nearly 3,400 miles were covered with 90 percent of the drive in fully automated mode. the nine-day trip crossed 15 states and the district of columbia. along the way , the vehicle encountered complex driving situations such as traffic circles , construction zones , bridges , tunnels , aggressive drivers and a variety of weather conditions. the team collected
unique insight : cjullian fellowes , pictured with downton star michelle dockery. downton abbey creator julian fellowes is to give a unique insight into his inspiration for the period drama at the chalke valley history festival. the stellar bill also includes historian david starkey , best-selling novelist kate mosse , award-winning biographer claire tomalin , explorer sir ranulph fiennes , private eye editor ian hislop and neil macgregor , who recently announced he is to step down as director of the british museum. visitors to the festival , sponsored by the daily mail , will also be able to hear first-hand accounts from the last surviving british dambuster george `
the leaders of britain 's seven main political parties went head-to-head in an unprecedented tv debate on thursday as the nation prepares for this year 's general election. nobody is expected to win a majority when votes are cast on may 7 in what is being touted as the closest and most unpredictable race since the 1970s. prime minister david cameron , of the conservatives , narrowly topped the polls assessing who ` won ' the two-hour clash against six other parties in an unusual format for britain. crucially , 33 per cent of the 7.4 million viewers hailed cameron as ` the most impressive ' on the subject of the economy , which lies at the heart of each party 's campaign. but
as a new fashion designer , cementing a place in the market can be tough ground work. of course , a few celebrity endorsements and a business partner with a little black book packed with a-list contacts does n't hurt. kylie gulliver , a former model and actress -lrb- with appearances on neighbours , offspring and winners and losers on her resume -rrb- from melbourne had been toiling away at her small leather brand for three years , before a very modern encounter - via instagram - changed her fortune. the 29-year-old 's brand elliott label is suddenly the hit of hollywood , and is adorning
put away the flip flops and the sunglasses , as an arctic airmass is on the way. after one of the warmest aprils on record , there will be a dramatic change next week with temperatures set to fall by around ten degrees. the plunge means britain will go from being hotter than turkey and ibiza to colder than moscow , stockholm and finland in a matter of days. it also threatens to cause a wet and miserable time for the thousands of runners taking part in sunday 's london marathon. scroll down for video. red sky in the morning , shepherd 's warning : forecasters predict that temperatures are set to plunge by
police were led to the site where stephanie scott 's remains were found by the family of her accused killer , it has been revealed. detectives were pointed to cocoparra national park north of griffith , nsw by the mother and brother of vincent standford - who has been charged with ms scott 's murder. standford , 24 , was familiar to the area and had camped and travelled through the park on many occasions , news corp reported. police discovered the burnt remains of a woman 's body - who they believe is ms scott , 26 , - in
tiger woods ended a week of speculation and debate over the state of his game by announcing on friday that he will play next week in the masters. the 39-year-old played an 18-hole practice round on tuesday at augusta national , and golf channel said he was seen on the practice range friday morning at the club. ` i 'm playing in the masters , ' woods said on his website. ` it 's obviously very important to me , and i want to be there. ` i 've worked a lot on my game , and i 'm looking forward to competing. i 'm excited to get to augusta , and i appreciate everyone 's support. ' scroll down for video. woods announced on friday that he will be playing at the masters in augusta next week -lrb- above woods at the farmers insurance open
the masters got underway at augusta national on thursday with rory mcilroy bidding to complete a career grand slam , while tiger woods is looking to rediscover his magic. but who are the wives and girlfriends that will be cheering the players on as they make their way round the famous course in georgia over the next four days ? here , sportsmail brings you the lowdown on a selection of the masters wags. alexis randock - rickie fowler. rickie fowler has been dating bikini model alexis randock since last year and the 24-year-old caddied for him during the masters par three contest on wednesday. the american golfer was forced to defend the 24-year-old last week after she was accused of being a gold
retired news legend barbara walters still has some clout - and a strong opinion about how abc can turn things around at the ratings-challenged show she created , the view. barbara 's magic bullet : monica lewinsky. walters says that the former white house intern would be a ` run away success ' on the view , a network source tells daily mail online. she would attract great guests - even if casting her as a regular co-host would make it unlikely that potential 2016 presidential hopeful hillary clinton or president bill clinton would ever appear on the show again. scroll down for video. ever since their infamous interview in 1999 following the bill clinton
they have become one of the most irritating accessories carried by tourists in recent years , but it appears the selfie stick has been a nuisance for three decades. hiroshi ueda , a photographer who worked as an engineer for camera company minolta , claims that he first invented the selfie stick in the 1980s. he said he came up with the idea after struggling to get pictures of himself and his wife together while they were in europe. scroll down for video. hiroshi ueda , holding his extender stick for taking ` selfies ' which he patented in 1983 while working for minolta. after having his camera stolen by a child he asked to take their picture in the louvre
-lrb- cnn -rrb- five years ago , rebecca francis posed for a photo while lying next to a dead giraffe. this week , she got threatened for her action. the trouble started monday , when comedian ricky gervais tweeted the photo with a question. `` what must 've happened to you in your life to make you want to kill a beautiful animal & then lie next to it smiling ? '' gervais wrote. in the past three days , his tweet has been retweeted almost 30,000 times. a number of people insulted and threatened francis in response to the giraffe photo and others featuring her. on the website rebeccafrancis.com , there are photos
john truong thought he was helping his sister have a nice night out with her boyfriend. instead , he ended up an unknowing accomplice to a bizarre abduction. police arrested truong 's sister alyssa chang this week after she allegedly helped kidnap 2-year-old ronnie tran and his mother , with the child 's grandmother , 65-year-old vien nguyen. authorities say chang and nguyen incapacitated the child 's mother at her home in des moines , washington , bound her with plastic ties and then took the two to another home in fife. chang and the grandmother then took off the the toddler , leaving the mother locked in a cupboard. an amber alert was issued for the boy
the final day of mercedes-benz fashion week australia kicked off with an explosion of colour in sydney on thursday. the australiana-themed romance was born presentation - always one of the highlight shows during mbfwa - dazzled attendees with a stand-out collection brimming with design duo luke sales and anna plunkett 's trademark eccentricity , created in collaboration with esteemed artist linda jackson. the art gallery of new south wales was transformed into a spectacular set designed by designer alice babidge and dressed with extravagant floral displays by eastern suburbs florist sean cook - aka mr cook flowers. scroll down for video. going out with a bang
nick clegg has been accused of blaming ` everyone but himself ' after making a series of excuses for the party 's disastrous poll ratings. in an interview , the lib dem leader listed a range of reasons why different groups of former supporters are ` p ***** off ' and have deserted the party since 2010. and he said all those reasons were more important than any policy decisions he made including on tuition fees. scroll down for video. collapse : nick clegg has told the economist there was a range of reasons why different groups left. pictures : the lib dem leader on the campaign trail in north west england on tuesday , april 7.
former manchester united midfielder eric cantona has refuted claims he starred in a soft porn film , insisting you and the night is a ` piece of art '. the french film has a number of racy scenes , and at one point sees cantona on his hands and knees in just his underwear. but the 48-year-old is adamant it is not pornography. speaking at the laureus sports awards in shanghai , cantona said : ` porn ? no , it 's not porn. it 's a piece of art. it 's just a piece of art. but you can see it
you do n't need to go to the african savannahs or the amazonian rainforests to find wild life - newcastle on a friday will do perfectly well. but if it 's real wild life you 're after , then a british safari is extraordinarily rewarding. so here are a few suggestions. they 're all easy to reach , require no deep knowledge , and the wildlife is as reliable as a wild thing can be. miracle mammals : you can spot dolphins at cardigan bay - the dolphin capital of britain. dolphins. where : new quay , cardigan bay , wales. time to visit :
police in argentina are hunting a family-of-six who crammed onto one motorbike before riding through the streets without helmets. they were spotted driving through the city of san miguel de tucuman in argentina 's north-western province of tucuman. a man was pictured holding the handlebars of the bike while three young children straddled the petrol tank in front of him and a girl and a woman sat on the seat behind him. people carrier : two adults and four children were pictured riding on the same motorbike in san miguel de tucuman , argentina. it comes just weeks after a similar pictured emerged of
richard attenborough 's possessions will be sold. they are mementoes of a brilliant career in movies , stretching from the tunnels of the great escape to the dinosaurs of jurassic park and gandhi 's vast crowd scenes. richard attenborough was present -- behind or in front of the camera -- at some of the most magical moments in cinema history , and following his death aged 90 last year , the actor-director 's treasured possessions are going up for up sale at auction house bonhams. lord attenborough 's son michael , himself an acclaimed theatre director , said : ` the items reflect my father 's incredible career. ` it is simply not possible to keep it all , even though
kenya has bombed two al-shabaab camps in somalia in the first major military response to last week 's attack by the militant group on a kenyan university that left 148 people dead. air force jets blitzed compounds in gondodowe and ismail , both in the gedo region bordering kenya on sunday , a kenya defence forces source said today. cloud cover made it difficult to establish how much damage the bombings caused or estimate the death toll. ` we targeted the two areas because according to information we have , those -lrb- al-shabaab -rrb- fellows are coming from there to attack kenya ,
it looks like a clumsy bottle top , or maybe the missing part of a child 's toy. but according to a mother and daughter team behind this simple plastic device , it can achieve an angelina jolie-sized pout without resort to chemicals , needles or a hefty bill. the ` fullips ' device , a sort of suction-thimble , has already been seen at west end parties , and is going viral online. at a recent party in london 's bulgari hotel gaggles of models crowded around the bathroom sink mirrors together , not to powder their nose ... but
video footage of a creepy doll has been wreaking havoc on a string of paranormal enthusiasts around the world -- reportedly causing one british woman to suffer a heart attack. paranormal investigator jayne harris , based in shrewsbury , shropshire , said she has received an influx of messages from people describing chest pains , nausea and crippling headaches after viewing photos and videos of peggy , who she believed to be possessed with an evil spirit. some reported flashing visions of ` mental institutions and treatment bordering on abuse ' and overwhelming feelings of anxiety. scroll down for video. video footage of peggy -lrb- pictured -rrb- has been wreaking havoc on a string of
-lrb- cnn -rrb- on the morning of april 19 , 1995 , a man parked a rental truck packed with explosives in front of the alfred p. murrah federal building in oklahoma city. at 9:02 a.m. , the explosives detonated , killing 168 people , including 19 children. this was n't the work of a foreign terrorist group. timothy mcveigh and terry nichols , former u.s. army soldiers , were convicted of the attack. mcveigh was executed in 2001 , and nichols is serving a life sentence. twenty years later , domestic terror threats range from white supremacists to eco-terrorists to anti-government
a zoo is facing criticism from animal rights activists after an asian elephant died - 25 years after he sustained a leg injury while in captivity there. rama the elephant , who completed paintings with his trunk , died monday , oregon zoo officials announced on facebook. he was 31. ` rama had experienced a sharp decline in mobility in recent weeks , an issue stemming from a 25-year-old injury to his left front leg , ' the zoo said in the post. scroll down for videos. missed : rama the elephant was euthanized this week at the age of 31 by
there wo n't be many who can guess which barclays premier league player picked up my first 10-out-of-10 performance of the season this weekend. eden hazard ? well , he was brilliant but no. mesut ozil ? haha , dream on. my favourite player , michael carrick ? no , not even him. step forward leicester city striker jamie vardy. i 've seen him plenty of times this season and he 's always worked extremely hard , never been lower than a 7/10. but he added class and quality to that workrate at west brom on saturday and i could n't fault him. the perfect 10. leicester city striker jamie vardy celebrates scoring their
olympic champion alistair brownlee recovered from a fall to claim victory in his return to world triathlon series action in cape town. the 27-year-old , who missed the first three events of the season due to an ankle injury , sprinted away to beat rival javier gomez with frenchman vincent luis in third. brownlee led into transition at the end of the cycling stage but dropped off the leading group after being tripped due to contact with gomez. alistair brownlee won on his world triathlon series return in cape town after tripping during the run leg. brownless was able to fight his way back into contention , however , and warned his rivals he can only improve from this point. brownlee told bbc sport : ' i knew i was n't that fit , i did n't
demetrious johnson retained his ufc flyweight champion title on saturday night , controlling kyoji horiguchi for nearly the entire five-round bout before scoring the latest submission win in ufc history - tapping out his opponent with a second left. ' i did n't want to be stupid and get knocked out , ' johnson said. ' i had 25 minutes. i just took my time , and with 1 second left , i figured i better finish him. ' demetrious johnson retained his ufc flyweight title with a win over kyoji horiguchi in montreal. johnson celebrates after a successful defence of his title at th bell centre
one new york-based teacher has found an incredibly fashionable and glamorous way to supplement his public school income , working as a model for some of the world 's top designers. sam pearce , 24 , of milton , massachusetts , initially came to new york city to peruse a career in education , and soon after arriving in the big apple he landed a job teaching english to eighth graders in brooklyn , new york. but just a few months after landing the job , the six-foot , green-eyed brown university graduate was ` discovered ' on the subway by another model , who promptly asked whether he could send mr. pearce 's picture to his own modeling agency in the hopes of getting him signed up. model behavior : new york teacher sam pearce , 24 , was discovered on the f train in new york city and
a chilling new jihadi video has emerged on social media , showing a new militia of female jihadis firing machine guns and practising drills in syria. all of the women are fully veiled , making it hard to identify individuals but it is possible the group may be linked to islamic state. standing on their parade ground , the radical women are shown shouting jihad slogans and attempting to use their ak 47 rifles. scroll down for video :. the female jihadis are shown practising with their machine guns and learning how to march as a unit. some of the women appear to struggle with the the cumbersome weapons. the radical group of women boisterously shout religious
this is the comical moment a delirious wisdom tooth patient refuses milkshake in fear that it could - in singer kelis ' words - ` bring all the boys to her yard '. faith myers , 14 , from nebraska , was filmed by her mother as she woke in bed still ` high ' from the procedure 's anesthesia. footage shows her being quizzed about what she would like to eat , with the thought of a shake clearly filling her with dread. ' i do n't want all the boys in
need to have a difficult conversation with your other half or your boss ? it might be a good idea to take them out to dinner. we get on better with each other over a meal , according to researchers who said it makes everyone from work colleagues to children seem more pleasant. dutch and canadian scientists asked nearly 100 men and women to fill in a questionnaire every time they spent at least five minutes talking to someone else. well digested : scientists have found people felt happier and more relaxed while eating at home or at work. about a fifth of the 1,000 meetings recorded took place over a meal , the journal physiology and behavior reports. on these occasions participants felt happier and more relaxed , whether at
walter scott and his passenger were looking forward to having a cookout when he was pulled over and shot dead by a south carolina police officer , it has emerged. scott , 50 , and pierre fulton , his friend of several years , had met for breakfast on april 4 before scott drove him to a church so fulton could collect a bag of vegetables. he then took fulton home to drop off the bag there before they both headed over to scott 's house. ` they were heading to walter scott 's house to eventually have a cookout that afternoon , ' said
four burly swedish cops put their new york city vacation on hold to answer the call of duty on a manhattan subway train last night. the friends were on their way to see les misérables on broadway , dna info reports , and rushed in to stop a brutal assault on a crowded rush-hour 6 train. ` we came here for vacation. we 've been here one day. we 're no heroes , just tourists , ' makrus Åsberg , a 25-year-old officer with the police uppsala , sweden , told the new york post. ` we 're no heroes , just tourists ' : the swedish cops -lrb- pictured left to right -rrb- erik näslund , 26 , samuel kvarzell , 25 , makrus Åsberg , 25 , and eric jansberger
-lrb- cnn -rrb- when hong kong police answered a call in the early hours of a saturday morning last november , they encountered a grisly scene and an alleged crime that shocked the city. one woman was lying on the floor with cuts to her neck and buttocks. another was stuffed inside a suitcase on the balcony. a former banker , 29-year-old briton rurik jutting , was charged with two counts of murder. on thursday , a court hearing that was to determine whether there was enough evidence to proceed to trial was adjourned until may. here 's what we know
sergio ramos was the first man carlo ancelotti embraced at the final whistle of real madrid 's dramatic champions league win over atletico madrid on wednesday. asked after the game when it was that he had decided to move the defender forward into midfield to cover the absence of luka modric , he replied : ` the minute after i found out modric was injured '. the two kept it between themselves and it worked on the night. ramos is one of those players for whom the old liverpool song about jamie carragher ` we all dream of a team of carraghers ' would
-lrb- cnn -rrb- after years of making the case that the education of athletes is paramount , the ncaa now says it has no legal responsibility to make sure education is actually delivered. on its website , the ncaa prominently states , `` it 's our commitment -- and our responsibility -- to give young people opportunities to learn , play and succeed. '' and later , it says that `` in the collegiate model of sports , the young men and women competing on the field or court are students first , athletes second. '' but the ncaa is taking a very different position in response to a lawsuit filed
kim richards is speaking out for the first time since her shocking arrest last week following a drunken altercation at the beverly hills hotel. the former child star turned real housewife discusses her demons in an emotional interview with dr. phil set to air april 28 , her first for a national audience since the arrest. among the topics the 50-year-old is slated to discuss is her longtime struggle with alcoholism. about her april 16 arrest , richards reveals , ' i was angry and frightened and i was scared. i knew what i had done. the whole night is my fault. none of
book of the week. naturalists in paradise : wallace , bates and spruce in the amazon. by john hemming. -lrb- thames & hudson # 19.95 -rrb-. back in 1961 three young oxford graduates set off to explore the iriri river in a remote part of the amazon. one of them , richard mason , became the last englishman to be killed by an uncontacted tribe , when he was murdered with bows and arrows. the second , kit lambert , went on to manage the who. but for the third , john hemming , the trip was the beginning of a lifelong fascination with the region ,
kathmandu , nepal -lrb- cnn -rrb- we came on a commercial flight to kathmandu. blue tarps were visible from the sky for people to hide under -- signs that there was something wrong. we had to circle the airport for a couple of hours. there were a couple of issues. there was an aftershock this afternoon , so they were checking the runway for damage. military and aid flights have priority , and a few military planes -- indian military planes -- were going in , trying to bring in aid. whether they did is unclear. when we landed at the airport , it was wet and cold. a couple
a japanese bullet train has broken the speed record for rail vehicles by reaching 366mph -lrb- 589km/h -rrb-. the maglev train completed a test run on a track in yamanashi , beating the previous record of 361mph -lrb- 580km/h -rrb- set in 2003. another attempt is scheduled for tomorrow , and engineers at the central japan railway company predict it could reach 373mph -lrb- 600km/h -rrb-. scroll down for video. a japanese bullet train has broken the speed record for rail vehicles by reaching 366mph -lrb- 589km/h -rrb-. maglev trains use magnets to lift the carriages above the track. this eliminates the need for wheels and therefore any
sometimes , putting up a billboard just is n't quite enough - so a group of russian entrepreneurs have come up with a new way to get you message out : on the breasts of a beautiful woman. companies tittygram and titisign have popped up in russia offering the eyebrow raising service and are , by all accounts , causing quite a stir. indeed , it has already caught the attention of one big company , which jumped at the chance to advertise its whoppers. cleavage : burger king has become one of the first big companies to take advantage of
a girl whose mother reached out on social media to find a movie goer offended by her daughters behavior has apologized to her victim on national television. lexy wood , the 13-year-old daughter of kyesha smith wood , told rebecca boyd that she is 'em barrassed ' by the way she acted when she disrupted a screening of cinderella in bessemer , alabama. she and her step-sister were said to have been ` rude and obnoxious ' throughout the film. she and her brother nick , 16 , were approached after the screening by mrs boyd , who said that her husband had just been laid off and the teenagers
mauricio pochettino might have given up hope of qualifying for the champions league , but harry kane wo n't hear any of it. the 21-year-old , who became the youngest premier league captain this season during the drab goalless draw against burnley on easter sunday , still retains belief they can gatecrash the top-four party. spurs are now seven points behind manchester city , who play crystal palace on monday night , with just seven games remaining. harry kane believes tottenham still have a chance of qualifying for the champions league this season. it looks a tall order , but kane - who hailed
mauricio pochettino says another campaign in the europa league will hamper tottenham 's hopes of breaking into the top-four. spurs ' chances of qualifying for next season 's champions league look over following poor results against burnley and aston villa. but the white hart lane club could yet secure another season in the europa league. mauricio pochettino believes europa league participation could hamper tottenham 's top four hopes. however , pochettino fears another year in the competition could have a detrimental impact on their hopes of entering europe 's elite club competition. ' i think i confirmed my idea and my thoughts before when i had the same question when i was manager of southampton. ` the europa league is difficult. when
the respected law professor from philadelphia now being investigated after allegedly emailing students a link to pornographic footage , was once a contestant on who wants to be a millionaire , it has emerged. lisa mcelroy , a 50-year-old drexel professor , appeared on the show in 2010 while it was still hosted my meredith vieira. and like her apparent march 31 email mishap , her game show appearance ended with a very public mistake. mcelroy , who teaches legal writing , got tripped up on the $ 12,500 level after flying through the first few questions , notes philly.com. wishes she was a millionaire : drexel law profesor professor lisa mcelroy allegedly sent
a drug company has been accused of trying to block trials aimed at promoting a ` cheap , safe and effective ' treatment for sight loss on the nhs. it has ` bullied ' experts who have tried to prove that a cancer drug can be used to treat one of the most common forms of blindness , according to the bmj. the respected medical journal says avastin is just as effective at tackling wet age-related macular degeneration -lrb- amd -rrb- as the current treatment , lucentis. drug company novartis has been accused of trying to block trials aimed at promoting a ` cheap , safe and effective ' treatment for sight loss which would save the nhs around # 102million
aside from making a fighter jet lightweight , agile and astonishingly fast , engineers of one the world 's most advanced aircraft have another , more surprising issue to contend with : the moon. bae system 's typhoon is so accurate that even the movements of the tide can disrupt the jet fighter 's positioning and accuracy. to counteract even the slightest shifts in gravitational pull , experts must build the jet on ` floating ' concrete rafts that move in sync with the moon. the typhoon -lrb- pictured -rrb- is powered by two eurojet ej200 engines. it is 49ft -lrb- 15 metres -rrb- long from tip to tip and the material is ` no more than the thickness of a
-lrb- cnn -rrb- geography is , in part , destiny for italy : the country will always be a bridge between africa and europe , as the ongoing humanitarian crisis in the mediterranean so starkly shows. a surge of refugees this year , usually transported by smugglers on overcrowded vessels , has sought to reach europe via the libyan coast. a boatload of 900 migrants who embarked from libya are now feared dead in the latest sinking. over 10,000 were rescued off the coast of italy in the last week alone. european leaders are scrambling to deal with this emergency. there is a backstory here worthy of our attention , and it has to do with italy 's colonial past. many of the refugees involved in recent disasters come from some of italy 's
villagers from shandong province in eastern china have reportedly resorted to transporting natural gas in plastic bags. recent images show intrepid residents from lijin village in dongying city carry the explosive in bags as long as six metres on rickshaws , reported the people 's daily online. worried passers-by compared this behaviour to carrying a bomb on their backs because any contact with a naked flame or even a cigarette could spell disaster. gas-guzzler : carrying natural gas in huge plastic bags is a common scene in some villages in shandong. penny-pinching : local media suggest this is a way for villages to save money
-lrb- cnn -rrb- for 12 years adelma cifuentes felt worthless , frightened and alone , never knowing when her abusive husband would strike. but as a young mother in rural guatemala with three children and barely a third grade education , she thought there was no way out. what began as psychological torment , name-calling and humiliation turned into beatings so severe cifuentes feared for her life. one day , two men sent by her husband showed up at her house armed with a shotgun and orders to kill her. they probably would have succeeded , but after the first bullet was fired , cifuentes ' two sons dragged her inside. still , in her deeply conservative community , it took neighbors
sarazen , hogan , player , nicklaus , woods , mcilroy. perhaps the biggest compliment to the man who would join the golfing gods this week is that his name does not look out of place among the pantheon. rory mcilroy could become just the sixth man to win the grand slam at augusta national on sunday , and while that represents the pinnacle of on-course achievement , he has designs on not just filling his trophy cabinet but becoming the true figurehead of his sport. that is the view of paul mcginley , europe 's ryder cup captain extraordinaire , who sums up the attitude in this neat
` this is darko. i think i know the location of $ 20million worth of stolen art - i hope you have whatsapp. ' it 's a line that would n't sound out of place in a heist movie. but that was the anonymous call that helped art sleuth christopher marinello , 53 , track down nine paintings including works by chagall and rivera stolen from an la mansion. ' i got this tip-off from a shadowy figure in slovenia called darko , ' said the london-based founder of art recovery international. scroll down for video. art detective christopher marinello has tracked down # 250million worth of stolen
-lrb- cnn -rrb- it was like a scene out of `` make way for ducklings '' on tuesday on a rainy street in washington. cnn situation room correspondent brian todd and photojournalist khalil abdallah were on their way to interview a legal analyst on l street nw when they happened on a brood of baby ducks causing a stir. abdallah reports the ducklings and their mom had crossed heavily trafficked street , and some restaurant patrons stopped on the sidewalk to corral them. a man gave up his umbrella for the cause `` while the mom was going crazy. '' `` one duckling
deputy pm nick clegg said control of the department for education would be a key demand of any new power-sharing deal. the liberal democrats could seize control of the nation 's schools in a coalition deal to erase michael gove 's ` zany ' ideas from the classroom , nick clegg signalled today. the deputy pm said control of the department for education would be a key demand of any new power-sharing deal. mr clegg said he wanted to avoid a repeat of battling against the ` ideological gimmicks ' of mr gove , who was the first tory education secretary when the coalition was formed in 2010. mr clegg repeatedly clashed with mr gove over his education
ever felt constrained by the lamp in your living room or bedroom ? wished you could place it on the other side of the room , but not had the plug socket needed ? well , your mood-lighting dreams are about to come true. philips has unveiled its latest foray into smart lighting which , thanks to its wireless and rechargeable features , can be moved wherever you want in your home. the dome-like hue go can be controlled wirelessly from any ios or android device via the philips hue app or any app developed for the lamp. scroll down for video. bowl of sunshine : the lamp uses a rechargeable battery and offers three hours of
-lrb- cnn -rrb- the hillary clinton presidential campaign surely anticipated the coming wave of inquiries and criticism about conflicts of interest involving big foreign donors to charities run by the clinton family -- questions set to get a thorough airing in a new book called `` clinton cash : the untold story of how and why foreign governments and businesses helped make bill and hillary rich '' by peter schweizer , coming out may 5. my guess is that the issues raised by the book will prompt team clinton to put its candidate on the road , where she can continue holding loosely
libertarian icon rand paul has beefed up his campaign store ahead of his announcement this morning that he would compete for the republican nomination for president next year. like paul , the kentucky senator who made a name for himself by championing issues not typically associated with the gop such as criminal justice reform and privacy protections , much of the ` rand ' 2016 swag is unconventional. rand fans will still find the usual array of yard signs and bumper stickers. but they 'll also have the opportunity to sport their support through macbook skins and woven blankets that feature paul 's face , ` stand with rand ' flip-flops and car mats and a host of other unique items like the ` nsa spy cam blocker. ' scroll
-lrb- cnn -rrb- in her 40 years living in rochelle , illinois , cathy olson had never seen a tornado that big. `` i saw the top of the funnel cloud , and it was absolutely massive , '' she said. she watched the hulking gray twister grind past her town thursday , tearing up its fringes. farther north , in the rural illinois hamlet of fairdale , one person died as a twister shredded homes and ripped trees bare of leaves and most limbs. only the thickest branches remained standing. it was the only death reported so far in two days of tornado touchdowns. rochelle was fortunate. but in nearby kirkland , debris was so
the picture of a 101-year-old arizona woman cradling her new-born great-granddaughter spanned four generations of the same the family in one photograph and captured the hearts of millions. posted to facebook two weeks ago , the loving image of rosa camfield and baby kaylee became an online sensation before it was announced that rosa had sadly passed away on monday. but behind every picture is a story and rosa 's is every bit as inspirational as the photograph that captivated the internet. speaking to daily mail online , rosa 's granddaughter , sarah hamm , 33 , detailed her grandmother 's life from tumultuous youth in the depression era , to a
no matter whether you pay for first class , business or economy , sometimes the best part of a flight is enjoying the breathtaking views at take-off and landing. colourful landscapes , snowcapped mountains and dazzling city skylines unfold below and passengers can sit back and enjoy their chosen destination from a different perspective. no one gets a better seat to view the world than the pilots who are lucky enough to frequent these scenes for a living , and they have revealed their expert guides to which routes and seats can offer these front row experiences. pilots give their insider tips on where passengers
various types of renewable energy such as solar and wind are often touted as being the solution to the world 's growing energy crisis. but one researcher has come up with a novel idea that could trump them all - a biological solar panel that works around the clock. by harnessing the electrons generated by plants such as moss , he said he can create useful energy that could be used at home or elsewhere. a university of cambridge scientist has revealed his green source of energy. by using just moss he is able to generate enough power to run a clock -lrb- shown -rrb-. he said panels of plant material
sir bruce forsyth has spoken out in favour of assisted dying , saying that watching his first wife suffer with dementia has convinced him he wants to ` die with a bit of dignity left '. the veteran entertainer , now 87 , said people should not be ` left to suffer ' , adding that in many cases it could be ` more cruel to do nothing ' than allowing them to die. sir bruce 's first wife , penny calvert , was moved into a care home with dementia in 2008 , and he visited regularly to help care for her until her death last
with his infinite supply of supercars , private jets and beautiful women , billionaire businessman tony toutouni is threatening to become the new king of instagram. the 42-year-old entrepreneur - who chronicles his immensely extravagant lifestyle on the photo-sharing site and is usually seen next to stacks of cash and bikini-clad models - admits ` it 's not that hard to get any girl you want '. his outrageous posts , which have seen him amass 750,000 followers in eight months , are threatening to steal him the king of instagram crown from his friend and fellow super-rich playboy dan bilzerian. scroll down for video. the new
a tortoise has been reunited with his owner after spending nearly a year on the run and even finding a new home - at the age of 109. owner wendy stokes , 74 , had given up hope of ever seeing toby again after he escaped from her garden 11 months ago. but he has now returned home and after piecing together his escapades over the last year , it 's become apparent he 's had quite an adventure. reunited : wendy stokes , 74 , is delighted to have 109-year-old toby back after his escape 11 months ago. he wandered through a gate in her garden
an electric change of pace propelled odds-on favourite tryster to a three-quarter length success in the feature coral easter classic as his godolphin stable dominated # 1.1 million all weather finals day at lingfield. the four-year-old , ridden by william buick , beat complicit to complete a 22-1 treble for his trainer charlie appleby. he had earlier been successful with pretend -lrb- buick -rrb- in the unibet sprint championship stakes and four seasons -lrb- adam kirby -rrb- in the 32red three-year-old mile championship. tryster turned on the after burners to race to victory in the coral easter classic at lingfield. jockey william buick predicted great things to come from the winter derby winner. buick predicted a big future back
after drawing praise for india 's operation to rescue around 2,000 nationals by air and sea from war-hit yemen , minister of state for external affairs v.k singh , who is spearheading the rescue exercise , found himself in the thick of a controversy over an unsavoury remark made against the media. the former army chief is currently staying in djibouti for over a week spearheading operation rahat. `` friends what do you expect from presstitutes .... '' gen. singh tweeted last night in response to a channel quoting him saying that he found the evacuation assignment less exciting than his recent visit to the pakistan high
doctors who treated brain cancer sufferer ashya king in britain yesterday accused the boy 's parents of putting his life at risk when they refused to let him have chemotherapy. consultant peter wilson told a bbc tv documentary ashya 's chances of long-term survival could have been halved by brett and naghmeh king 's decision to flee abroad with him before he had the treatment he was being offered here. dr wilson , clinical director for child health at southampton general hospital , claimed the chemotherapy was essential to reduce the chances of the five-year-old 's cancer returning. scroll down for video. clinicians in an ` impossible situation ' as a result of
we 're all guilty of it but there are some who do it more often than others. experts say snacking is an important way to control hunger ; and while we would like to think we reach for something healthy like carrot sticks , raisins or a handful of almonds , more often than not it 's salty crisps , sweet biscuits or cheap chocolate that we tend to munch on. but why exactly do we snack ? and if we knew what the triggers were , would we be able to stop ourselves from reaching for unhealthy foods ? scroll down for video. we 're all guilty of snacking , but there are some who do it more often than others.
sick of awkward father-daughter portraits ? well one photographer has found an effective - if a little odd - way of making them more interesting. japanese photographer yûki aoyama 's latest series of images capture po-faced teenagers pictured next to their fathers leaping into the air. in each picture the daughter looks directly into the camera smiling while her father pulls a dramatic pose. a series of images by photographer yûki aoyama sees fathers leaping into the air next to their daughters. the images are from the 37-year-old 's latest book which roughly translates into daughter and salary man. according to the
fed up with facebook , or coming to realise , in the words of david cameron , ` too many tweets might make a t ** t ' ? it may be time to consider a short , sharp trip to the suburbs of beijing. here , in a collection of drab , concrete buildings surrounding a large courtyard is a military-style bootcamp designed with one thing in mind : to treat victims of a very modern disease -- a compulsive addiction to electronic gadgets. formed in 2006 , the daxing internet addiction treatment centre -lrb- iatc -rrb- has so far welcomed 6,000 mostly young ,
if you 've managed to so far miss out on the addictive , award-winning netflix juggernaut which is house of cards , you 'll probably just remember robin wright as the actress who played jenny , tom hanks ' bohemian childhood sweetheart , in forest gump. or of course , you may know her as sean penn 's ex-wife. they met in 1989 just year after he split with madonna , had their first child two years later , and spent the best part of two decades in perceived marital bliss. but by personal choice , robin 's acting career is one that dwindled rapidly after her golden globe nominated
maate , it 's the biggest bogan in straya ! this is the image of the big bogan statue that the bogan shire council is aiming to erect in the town of nyngan to honour the aussie icon - and hopefully draw in the crowds. the man behind it all is graeme burke who is the manager of engineering services for the council and this is his design for the statue. this is how graeme burke envisages the ` big bogan ' statue will look like. pass us a smoke mate : the term ` bogan ' has a number of negative connotations for australians but has become a character part of
jeremy scott 's spring/summer 2015 collection for moschino caused an insta-stampede , nearly breaking the internet when he sent human barbie dolls down the catwalk. the creative head , who is famed for making kitsch cool , sent his models down the runway in milan in barbie doll inspired dresses to the sound of aqua 's iconic 90s hit , i 'm a barbie girl. as the ultimate dictator of trends , it seems that we may all be wearing bright pink leathers and super girly dresses this season. but does the look work in real life ? and will you garner attention for the right reasons ? weighed down by eyelashes , olivia phillips , 30 , a journalist at emirates
john mayer , russell brand - there are certain types of men women know are bad bets but fall for anyway and even bright women like katy perry and jennifer aniston are n't immune. but while no one 's perfect and some troubled souls are worth saving , others are just trouble. all of the behavioural traits below are danger signs , offering six crucial clues to spot the dysfunctional people most likely to break your heart. scroll down for video. tracey cox provides advice on whether he loves you or will break your heart. 1. how ` in touch ' with themselves are they ? are they aware of their character and personality faults ? do they know their strengths ? they do
timothy mcveigh considered the bombing of the oklahoma city federal building 20 years ago a failure because the structure was still standing after the blast that killed 168 people. mcveigh also viewed himself as a ` paul revere-type messenger ' and even suggested his defense team should receive $ 800,000 from the government , according an archive of documents donated by the convicted bomber 's lead attorney. the estimated one million pages of paper documents from stephen jones now fill 550 file cabinet-sized boxes at the briscoe center for american history at the university of texas. the trove , which was delivered to the school where the attorney received his undergraduate degree in three phases since 1998 , only
snooker star ronnie o'sullivan has revealed what goes through his mind while he 's waiting for his opponent to finish at the table - and it 's usually whether he will make it to dinner or not. ` the rocket ' is widely regarded as one of the most naturally talented players in history , although he has openly questioned his commitment to the sport during a career that has brought him five world championship titles. speaking to forever sports magazine , the world no 2 explained how his dedication can be personally tested by slow players , especially if he 's feeling hungry. ronnie o'sullivan relaxes with a cuppa while waitingfor his turn at the 2015 dafabet masters. the world no 2
when you 're a barbie girl in an instagram world , life in plastic is n't just fantastic - it also gets you more than 730,000 followers. since barbie 's style instagram account launched last august , swarms of fashion lovers have become fans of her ` official style feed ' , watching as the mattel icon models an impressive collection of barbie clothes that even includes pieces by top designers. racked recently got the behind-the-scenes scoop on all the outfit changes , international trips , and vip invites that go into producing the doll 's hugely popular page. pretty popular : barbie 's style-centric instagram account , @barbiestyle , is painstakingly planned - and now has three quarters of a million followers. wow-worthy wardrobe
an 11-year-old hearing-impaired boy from oklahoma has his younger sister to thank for saving his life after a pack of vicious rottweilers mauled him over the weekend. elijah mckenna suffered two wide , bloody gashes on his back of his head and numerous deep bite marks all over his face and body after his neighbor 's three dogs attacked him near his grandmother 's home in moore , oklahoma , saturday. but the child 's family say if it were not for elijah 's fearless 9-year-old sister , alyssa , the special-needs boy most likely would have been dead. warning : graphic content.
injuries : the exploding phone caused injuries so deep that doctors could see hanghang 's jawbone. a 12-year-old in central china was seriously injured when his phone exploded while it was charging. the boy , known only as hanghang , was using the old handset as an alarm when he woke up early for school and started to play with it. he said the phone felt hot and then blew up in his face , exposing part of his jawbone and embedding fragments in his arms and legs. ' i played with the phone for a few minutes , ' he said. ` the phone felt hot then it suddenly exploded and all i could see were my hands covered in blood and blood dripping from my face. ' i
after a night of drinking there may be parts of an evening you forget - or moments you wish you could erase from your memory. but now there 's an app that not only fills in these gaps in memory , it shares evidence of your drunken antics with your friends. called flashgap , all photos and videos taken using the app are added to a hidden album that only becomes visible the following day. the flashgap app -lrb- pictured -rrb- is free for ios and android devices. photos and videos taken on the app disappear into a hidden album after three seconds and only appear
barcelona star neymar feels his team 's champions league tie with paris saint-germain will prove a real footballing ` spectacle '. the brazil international is expecting more fireworks following barca 's win over barclays premier league champions manchester city in the last 16 of the competition. barcelona and psg meet on april 15 in the french capital , and neymar told samba foot : ` it will be a great game between two great teams with excellent players. that means it 'll be a real spectacle. barcelona star neymar feels his team 's champions league tie with psg will prove a real ` spectacle ' neymar pictured during training with barcelona on saturday
the premier league returns this weekend after the fourth interruption this season for international fixtures , leaving managers hoping their players have returned with a clean bill of health. the break can be both a blessing and a curse , potentially halting your momentum if results and confidence are positive , or halting your slide if all is not well. premier league sides have already had to resume their season after international breaks in september , october and november 2014. premier league leaders chelsea have won all three of their matches following the international break. everton lead the post-international premier league table with three wins from three after the break. however six premier league clubs are still chasing their first win after an international break this
she may be a blue blood , but princess eugenie was barely recognisable as she strutted through the streets of new york in the ultimate hipster ensemble on wednesday. the 25-year-old cousin of princes william and harry embraced the sports luxe trend as she navigated the concrete jungle with a friend. the british royal , who is currently working in new york , looked casually chic in a charcoal leather-trim coat and nike hoodie , which she pulled over her short , dark tresses. scroll down for video. princess eugenie , 25 , looked every inch the hipster as she strode through the streets of new york with
the school exam season is nearly upon us ; cue a nerve-jangling few months for parents and children alike. for many youngsters , the thought of a single desk with nothing more than a white paper on it and a ticking clock nearby fills them with dread. at best , students get jittery , at worst , their actual grade can be affected. a new survey by academics at lancashire 's edge hill university and the university of south australia has charted a direct link between anxiety and performance , saying pupils who worry about their exam performance are more likely to do badly than those who are less anxious.
one of hollywood 's most respected prs claimed that the oscars judges did not want to give 12 years a slave the best picture award because it was not patriotic enough to america. according to hacked sony emails , peggy siegal said that the voting panel objected to having a british director paint their country in a bad light. she said that steve mcqueen would not win as the academy did not want such a dark message about the us to be ` sent around the world '. the emails also reveal that a hollywood blockbuster of dr who is in the works - but not for a few years. scroll down for video. controversial : a hacked sony email revealed respected hollywood pr peggy siegal believed the oscar voting panel did not want 12 years a slave to win
if you ever wanted to go to the mad hatter 's tea party or follow the white rabbit round a strange world , then you had best head to the south coast of england. brighton holds the ultimate fantasy for fans of the lewis carroll classic , with not one but two alice in wonderland themed houses to stay in. the wonderland house in brighton sleeps up to 24 , with tea party sets , queen of heart themed bunk beds , or alternatively try the snug looking glass cottage with décor inspired by the fantasy story. scroll down for video. perfect tea party ! the large dining room table
it 's not uncommon for parents to want their children to follow in their footsteps - even if it 's limited to just shared interests. but it seems that some are setting their kids on the chosen path earlier than expected. especially these mothers and fathers , who have projected their geeky interests onto their slumbering newborns in a series of adorable photographs. art and photography community , boredpanda have created a thread encouraging parents to showcase their ` true nerdy colours ' by dressing their babies up as sci-fi characters , like princess leia from star wars. another baby is dressed up as widely-recognisable nintendo character mario , complete with tiny dungarees , the red flat cap and even a fake
over the past week or so i 've been speaking to people who knew jimmy anderson in his early days. the antigua test , of course , will be his 100th , and he needs only four wickets -- a morning 's and evening 's work with two new balls , perhaps ? -- to go past ian botham 's england record of 383. but some illuminating discussions left me wishing i 'd had them before -- and not waited until cricket 's statistical god tapped us all on the shoulder. a few themes recurred : jimmy would n't say boo to a goose ; he surprised his new lancashire colleagues by bowling fast and shaping it away ; he
in the sparse and frozen wilds of alaska , it is not often that a tasty meal jumps almost straight into your mouth. but that was the case for one bear while hunting salmon in the brooks river , which runs through the katmai national park , in southern alaska. however , the dozy creature was unable to take advantage of his good fortune , letting the juicy fish slip away , even after it hit him on the nose. scroll down for video. fish supper : a bear hunting salmon in alaska eyes up his dinner as a fish leaps straight at him while swimming up stream in order to reach its breeding grounds. staring at defeat : this salmon 's number appears to be up
the world 's last surviving male northern white rhino - stripped of his horn for his own safety - is now under 24-hour armed guard in a desperate final bid to save the species. sudan is guarded day and night by a group of rangers who risk their lives on a daily basis as they try to keep the rhino from poachers lured by the rising price of ivory. but even without his horn , keepers in the kenyan reserve of ol pojeta in fear for his safety. scroll down for video. guard : the rangers keep an armed watch around sudan at all times to deter poachers after his horn.
one diner found her meal had extra crunch this week when she found 50 pearls inside the baked oyster she was feasting on. toni elliot , 53 , thought she had hurt a tooth when she sat for dinner at puckett 's boat house in franklin , tennessee , on thursday. however , when she spat out the mouthful she was chewing she discovered a pearl in the palm of her hand. forty-nine precious stones followed. instead of being horrified by the bizarre discovery , elliot reportedly remained calm and even posed for photos with her treasure afterwards. scroll down for video. not what i ordered : toni elliot , 53 , -lrb- right -rrb- found her meal had
you 've found the house of your dreams -- but you want to make sure the costly nightmare of dry rot is n't lurking under the carpets and skirting boards. the solution ? call in the dogs ! the appropriately named mark doggett has trained his two animals to sniff out the destructive fungus in old houses where it can hide in places a person would miss. mr doggett gave up a ten-year career in construction after hitting on the idea to set up a business using the animals ' sense of smell , which is said to be up to a million times better than that of humans. skilled : meg and jess , pictured with
lionel messi has confirmed he is to be a father again after posting a picture of his pregnant wife on social media. messi took to instagram to post a picture of his son , thiago , kissing his wife antonella roccuzzo 's stomach with the message : ` waiting for you baby. we love you. ' and according to argentine newspaper clarin the couple already know they are due to have a baby boy and have a name for him. lionel messi posted a picture on his instagram account of his wife having her stomach kissed by their son. the couple are reported to have settled on the name benjamin -- the same name his good friend and international team-mate sergio aguero picked
while being white , blonde and an attractive anglo-saxon should n't ensue judgement , according to ellie laing , sbs news reporter , it does come with a barrage of unfair perceptions. in an article by the australian written on monday , jim carroll , the news and current affairs director of sbs , was reported to be taking a more ` commercial ' approach to the network by hiring ` good-looking , female , anglo-celtic ' journalists. while carroll denies he is hiring based on these standards , many of the journalists hired since his appointment in 2013 have fit the above bill. ` never mind the fact that i work damned hard ' : sbs reporter ellie laing
two-time formula one world champion lewis hamilton has opened up about the meaning behind his tattoos during an interview with lifestyle magazine men 's health. the mercedes racer , who leads the drivers ' championship after two races of the 2015 season after finishing first and second , features on the front cover of the may edition of the popular health publication. in an interview in the latest issue of the magazine , released on thursday april 2 the 30-year-old discusses the significance of his personal body art. lewis hamilton poses for the latest edition of men 's health magazine released on thursday april 2. hamilton looks to the skies as he shows
the kevin pietersen camp have scored a comprehensive win in the pr battle with the england and wales cricket board without calling on any outside assistance. it has been assumed that the way kp outplayed the ecb 's army of media personnel at every turn was because his agents , mission sports management , had expert help guiding their strategy. but agent adam wheatley , co-founder of the company with sir ian botham , insists that everything has been done in-house since the brief involvement of former sun editor david yelland during kp 's supposed reintegration into the england team in 2012. kevin pietersen scored 170 for surrey in the parks as he bids to earn a recall to the england squad. wheatley said : ` we have just sat down
paypal said that the devices -lrb- stock image pictured -rrb- would be powered by stomach acid and include mini computers. paypal is developing a new generation of edible passwords which stay lodged in your stomach to let you log in. jonathan leblanc , the company 's top developer , said that the devices would be powered by stomach acid and include mini computers. he said that technology had become so advanced that it allowed ` true integration with the human body '. the next wave of passwords will be edible , ingestible or injectable and will remove the need for what he called ` antiquated ' ways of confirming your identity , such as fingerprint scanning. typing in a password will become
-lrb- cnn -rrb- on the stage of a tv studio in phnom penh , cambodian-american ly sivhong is telling an engrossed audience a tragic , but familiar , story. on april 17 , 1975 -- 40 years ago today -- life as ly knew it was shattered when her hometown , the cambodian capital of phnom penh , fell to the genocidal khmer rouge regime of the communist party of kampuchea. ly , then 13 , was separated from her mother and two of her sisters who , along with virtually the entire population of phnom penh -- about two million people -- were sent on a forced march into the countryside to work. ly never saw them again , nor learned what happened to them. but
there 's something about a city on a beach. not a city on a river , but on a proper sandy holiday beach. just knowing that for half the year you can take a dip in the med after work , or sip rosé on the terrace of a seafront restaurant as the sun sets must be like living in a perpetual mr benn adventure , where you enter the fancy dress shop , trade your suit for a sundress , and walk through the magic door to a beach party. i 've been to a handful of ` beach at the end of the street ' cities in
liam treadwell has been booked for the ride on michael scudamore-trained monbeg dude in saturday 's crabbie 's grand national. treadwell won the race on venetia williams-trained 100-1 shot mon mome in 2009. the ride on former welsh national winner monbeg dude was available because his two regular jockeys , tom scudamore and paul carberry have already got rides. liam treadwell - pictured after winning the grand national in 2009 - has been booked to ride monbeg dude. treadwell rode venetia williams-trained 100-1 shot mon mome to victory at aintree five years ago. scudamore rides soll for his boss david pipe and carberry , who rode monbeg dude to be
-lrb- cnn -rrb- britain 's prince harry arrived monday in australia , where he 'll be spending four weeks with the country 's military. before reporting for duty , the 30-year-old prince visited the australian war memorial in canberra , the capital , paying his respects at the tomb of the unknown australian soldier. a crowd of onlookers gathered outside the memorial. some snapped photos of the royal visitor , while one boy held a sign celebrating the prince 's hair color : `` red heads rule ! '' during his time down under , harry `` will work and live alongside colleagues in the australian army in a number of regiments in sydney , darwin and perth ,
scientists at a polish company that produce body armour systems are working to put a ` magic liquid ' that can harden on impact in their products. the liquid is called shear-thickening fluid -lrb- stf -rrb- , and instantly hardens upon impact at any temperature. in a ` liquid armour ' this provides protection from penetration by high-speed projectiles and additionally dispersing energy over a larger area. scroll down for video of the body armour in action. the new material in its liquid form -lrb- left -rrb- and the solid form it take on impact -lrb- right -rrb-. the liquid is called shear-thickening fluid -lrb- stf -rrb- , and does not conform to the model
a hilarious manufacturing mistake means some police officers will have the word ` police ' written upside down on their uniforms. the error was spotted during a hampshire constabulary training course in hamble near southampton. two officers have decided to proudly continue wearing the tops with the mistake on the left sleeve to ` boost morale ' within the force. error : a hilarious manufacturing mistake means some police officers will have the word ` police ' written upside down on their uniforms -lrb- pictured -rrb-. three tops in total were sent to the force but one member of staff decided to
inter owner erick thohir had warned both sets of players before the game that the ` eyes of the world ' would be fixed on the 214th derby della madonnina. by the end of the first half , the gaze had probably focused elsewhere. while a rivalry like this one can capture the imagination of a city - and there is no doubting by the build up that milan had been hit by derby fever - it takes a concoction of quality , intensity and passion to hold the attention of the average neutral. not all elements were present at the san siro. a goalless first half had produced the odd burst of
they already have a fearsome reputation as the top predator of their time , but it seems the tyrannosaurs were also prone to eating each other. a new study has uncovered evidence that a relative of tyrannosaurus rex , called daspletosaurus , may have indulged in cannibalism. paleontologists have found bite marks on the fossilised skull of a juvenile daspletosaurus , which lived around 75 million years ago. this artist 's reconstruction shows a daspletosaurus feeding on the body of another in an act of cannibalism. while some of the injuries appear to have been sustained during combat with other tyrannosaurs , others appear to have occurred after death. the scientists believe that another daspletosaurus , which could grow to nine metres
ed sheeran surprised a fan in hospital for her birthday after she had to give up her tickets to his concert when she was diagnosed with cancer. the british singer , who is currently touring new zealand , took time out of his schedule over the weekend to help jess knight celebrate her 20th birthday in auckland hospital. an ecstatic ms knight said she ` could n't stop smiling ' following the memorable visit. ` he was just the nicest guy. so humble and down to earth , ' ms knight told daily mail australia. scroll down for video. ed sheeran , who is currently touring
modern humans have developed a reputation for being somewhat destructive and keen to separate themselves from the rest of the animal kingdom. however , a recent excavation of a cave in the foothills of the pyrenees mountains in spain is suggesting our ancient cousins , the neanderthals , were more in tune with nature. archaeologists have discovered evidence that neanderthals regularly inhabited the cave of llenes , near senterada in catalonia , around 200,000 years ago but were not alone. the fossilised remains of badgers were found in old dens within the cave alongside neanderthal camps. the remains of other canivores including
celebrity chef matt kemp 's anger management issues cost him his first marriage and his business. one of his most shameful moments was broadcast on national television when he labelled his pregnant wife a ` c *** '. during an episode of sbs 's heat in the kitchen , kemp was so enraged he unleashed an expletive-ridden tirade on his then-wife lela radojkovic , who was carrying their first child , while filming at sydney 's restaurant balzac in 2004. scroll down for video. the extent of matt kemp 's rage is seen during an episode of sbs 's heat in the kitchen , which was broadcasted
-lrb- cnn -rrb- a photo of a baby boy being pulled from the rubble of the nepal earthquake has become the defining image of a disaster that has devastated the country. his tiny face is coated in dust from the debris that crashed around him as the earth shook on saturday , april 25 , killing more than 5,000 people and injuring at least twice as many more. his name is sonit awal , and he 's just four months old. on saturday , sonit was at home in muldhoka , bhaktapur , east of the capital kathmandu , when the 7.8-magnitude
the man widely considered the leading referee in the world will be in charge of the richest fight of all time. kenny bayless has the honour of being the third man in the ring with floyd mayweather and manny pacquiao on may 2. the appointment will be welcomed by both camps. referee kenny bayless -lrb- left -rrb- holds back floyd mayweather during his fight against marcos maidana. bayless breaks up the tension between mayweather -lrb- right -rrb- and maidana during their bout in september 2014. manny pacquiao conducts a training session after his morning jog in los angeles on tuesday. pacquiao is watched by a group of fans who gather to see
the family of a former civil servant have spoken of their fury after he left his # 1million estate to turkish carer nermin kancefer -lrb- above -rrb- , who he met just 14 months before he died. the family of a former civil servant have spoken of their fury after he left his # 1million estate to a turkish carer he met just 14 months before he died. dennis sears changed his will to leave everything to live-in home help nermin kancefer months after she moved in to his # 615,000 flat. he disinherited his surviving relatives who had been the intended beneficiaries for more than 20 years. four months later , he died at
famed for phenomenal cuisine , majestic rural landscapes and vibrant cities , vietnam offers an undisputed sensory overload. but there 's one sight the becomes most engrained in the memories of even the most seasoned traveller - the wacky things people carry on the back of a motorbike or scooter. lee thompson 's seen plenty in his 14 years as an award-winning photojournalist covering the civil war in libya , the revolution in egypt , the tsunami in japan and other extensive travels before he co-founded the flash pack , a small group flashpacking tour company. but even he repeatedly marvels at what the men and women of southeast asia can balance and transport on just
a young accountant fell down a 70ft cliff to his death when he ran from a taxi to avoid paying the fare. graduate jacob phillips , 23 , plunged down the cliff when he leapt over a fence in the dark. mr phillips had caught the cab home after a night out with friends in december -- but did n't have enough cash to pay for it. an inquest heard he ran from the driver , who gave chase at the seaside town of penarth , south wales. cabbie dave sidaway told the inquest : ` i stopped because i could n't see where i was going. i had no idea how much danger he
they take singing very seriously in the philippines. in 2007 , a 29-year-old karaoke performer was shot dead at a bar in san mateo for delivering an off-key rendition of my way. there followed a spate of copycat killings provoked by inadequate attempts at the song. the death toll now as high as 12 , many clubs have taken my way off their playlist. manny pacquiao need not worry. he already has two platinum albums to his name back home. and that 's the thing ; in a country where the line ` and now the end is near ' can have literal truth
a family falsely claimed their three-year-old daughter had a grave heart condition in a bid to collect thousands of dollars in donations on a gofundme page , according to police. joanessa clawson , 35 , her husband james clawson , 38 , and her mother patti ann baldassarre , 68 , from marietta , georgia , all face felony conspiracy charges. the gofundme page , which has now been removed , is written from the point of view of a family friend - who allegedly does not exist - appealing for help for the clawson family. ' i am posting this for my friend jo clawson whose 3-year-old daughter , sofia , is very ill with a life threatening heart infection , ' it reads , according to an image of
tokyo -lrb- cnn -rrb- it 's a bird -- it 's a plane -- it 's an insanely fast japanese bullet train. a japan railway maglev train hit 603 kilometers per hour -lrb- 374 miles per hour -rrb- on an experimental track in yamanashi tuesday , setting a decisive new world record. a spokesperson said the train spent 10.8 seconds traveling above 600 kilometers per hour , during which it covered 1.8 kilometers -lrb- 1.1 miles -rrb-. that 's nearly 20 football fields in the time it took you to read the last two sentences. takeo ookanda , who runs an exhibition center next
these amazing images reveal a kaleidoscope of colours in icy caves underneath a glacier. the rainbow caves are given their various colours by light refracting through the ice - with the thicker the ice , the more emerald they appear. and a photographer , from kamchatka , in the russian far east , also decided to add his own take - by lighting flares and breathing fire to turn the normally blue hues into dark reds. scroll down for video. the caves are found near the mutnovsky volcano , 45 miles -lrb- 72km -rrb- south of the regional capital of petropavlovsk-kamchatsky. the caves , found near the mutnovsky volcano , 45 miles -lrb- 72km -rrb- south of the regional
authorities in montgomery county have released the 911 call that led to two ` free range ' getting picked up and held by police and maryland cps for five hours over the weekend. the unnamed caller gave the operator a blow-by-blow account as he wandered behind rafi meitiv , 10 , and his sister dvora , 6 , in silver spring on sunday. the 7-minute call would reignite a controversy focused on those kids and their scientist parents , danielle and alexander meitiv , who espouse the hands-off parenting style. the caller , who was out walking his dog in the suburb adjacent to washington , dc , said he saw ` two kids that are unaccompanied , and they 've been walking around for probably about 20 minutes by themselves.
tikrit , iraq -lrb- cnn -rrb- isis is gone , but the fear remains. as iraqi forces , aided by shiite militiamen , took control wednesday of the northern city of tikrit , they found vehicles laden with explosives and buildings that might be booby-trapped. cnn senior international correspondent arwa damon , who was in tikrit on tuesday , saw a large mechanical digger packed with explosives that iraqi forces had to disarm. the troops , she said , were cautious when they entered buildings in case they were wired to explode. plumes of smoke rose from burning buildings in the background. near former iraqi dictator saddam
` floral perfumes can take years off a woman ' two things in life give me instant gratification : perfume and wine gums. but while one rots my teeth and piles on the pounds , the other - no matter how bad my hair day - makes me feel beautiful. i 'm in good company. cleopatra was known for her love of perfume , liberally applying lotus and rose oil to her upper lip. ` we know she made her own perfumes and would certainly have worn it to increase her powers of seduction , ' says mandy aftel , perfume historian and author of fragrant :
cedar falls , iowa -lrb- cnn -rrb- as aides politely tried to rush ted cruz from an event in cedar falls to one in cedar rapids , iowa , on thursday , the presidential candidate continued shaking hands with anyone who wanted to meet him. finally , after the selfies and conversations started to die down , his aides managed to move him closer to the door when a tall , burly man stopped him. `` senator , '' he said , `` can i pray with you real quick ? '' `` yeah , '' cruz said , as he clasped
jonathan brownlee backed up his win in auckland a fortnight ago by taking the gold coast triathlon in the itu world series on saturday. the yorkshireman moved amongst the leaders on the swim , remained at the front during the cycle and then broke clear in the run , seeing off mario mola by 19 seconds with a winning time of 1:46:53. ' i think it 's down to confidence , ' he said of his victory. jonathan brownlee poses with his gold medal on the podium having won the gold coast itu race. ` after the start of the season i had an awful race
each week sportsmail gathers up the ratings from our team of reporters to provide the best barclays premier league starting xi of the day. eden hazard , mesut ozil and joey barton feature in this week 's list as they put in man-of-the-match performances that helped their teams win , but who else made the xi ? scroll down to find out. gk - tim howard -lrb- everton vs southampton -rrb- - 7. had to be alert to james ward-prowse 's swerving effort , stretching a big hand out to his left in order to beat it away. key to everton 's win. everton goalkeeper
ipswich boss mick mccarthy hailed the ` belligerent , stubborn and hard working ' qualities of his ` horrible bunch ' of players after a determined 1-1 draw at his former club wolves moved town closer to securing a place in the skybet championship play-offs. despite wolves bouncing back to take a point through benik afobe 's 31st goal of the season in the 50th minute after a richard stearman own goal had given ipswich a first-half lead , town 's play-off hopes are now in their own hands with two games remaining. former wolves boss mccarthy was delighted with his side 's determined display and he said : ` it
kate winslet was a vision in blue at a london film premiere this week. her stunning body-con dress -lrb- top -rrb- had clearly been made to measure by stella mccartney. but my , what big feet -- and big leopard-print stilettos -- she has ! at 5 ft 7 in , the 39-year-old oscar-winner is certainly no towering amazon , but nonetheless she commands an out-of-the-ordinary uk size-nine shoe. kate is endearingly frank on the subject , telling interviewers that titanic co-star leonardo dicaprio found the size of her feet hilarious : ` i 'd put my foot up and he 'd fall about laughing because my feet are exactly the same size as his and he 's 6 ft 1 in. he 'd
for any hopeful parent who wants to know what life is really like with a newborn baby , never fear , a clever mom has filled a void on the internet by providing a wide range of hilarious spoof reviews seemingly written by frustrated owners displeased with their young baby children. raquel d'apice , a comedian and mother-of-one from new jersey , has put her own personal spin on crowd-sourced assessments by creating yelp reviews of newborns , an entertaining collection of spoof critiques that highlight the real struggles plaguing new parents today. raquel , who posts the reviews on her humorous parenting blog the ugly volvo , told today that she came up with the idea of the parody posts after she was searching for something on yelp
a movie enthusiast has built his very own iron man suit for a heroic price of just # 55. chinese engineering graduate cheng chen , 27 , was inspired to make the iconic body armour after watching the hit film with his younger brother. he spent six months painstakingly researching and building the replica to the movie 's exact measurements , it was reported by people 's daily online. the finished product is two metres high , weighs just 4kg and comes complete with helmet , laser gloves and a power backpack. but cheng said he was was too ` chubby ' to fit into it and had to ask his
having a waitrose within walking distance is not only convenient -- it also means your house is worth more , according to a study. homes with the upmarket store nearby cost 12 per cent more -- or # 38,831 -- than those in surrounding areas that were n't near a branch. but having a budget store such as an aldi or lidl on your doorstep means your house could be worth thousands of pounds less than others in your neighbourhood. homes with a waitrose nearby cost 12 per cent more -- or # 38,831 -- than those in surrounding areas that were n't near a branch. but having a budget shop nearby means your house could sell for less. in a study published
mls side orlando city are the latest club to have expressed interest in manchester united misfit javier hernandez. the mexico international would be a huge commercial draw for the florida-based franchise who are coached by former everton and manchester city striker adrian heath. orlando have a huge latin-american fanbase and made enquiries last week about the prospect of a deal. javier hernandez is linked with a move to orlando city after enduring a tough time on loan at real madrid. orlando have a big latin-american fanbase and kaka is the captain of the mls side. hernandez would be a popular arrival with orlando supporters but eight european sides are also interested. hernandez has cut a frustrated figure during his loan spell at
hungry for power : snp leader nicola sturgeon. snp leader nicola sturgeon last night admitted she understands concerns of english voters about her party being involved in a coalition government. the scottish first minister said : ` i understand how people south of the border think , `` oh my goodness how will it work ? it 's a mess ''. ' she also suggested that david cameron had been ` not unhelpful ' to the snp by gaining the party greater publicity. ` at every westminster election i 've fought until this one , the biggest challenge that we 've had to overcome is being heard and being relevant. we do n't have this problem this time , ' she
lightning , floods and a deluge of hailstones descended on st louis tuesday as powerful storms pummeled the mid-united states. roads around the missouri city were flooded in the intense downpour , with one town recording more than two inches of rain in half an hour. several crashes followed the atrocious driving weather , though no injuries were immediately reported. muds and floods : roads around st louis , missouri , were deluged with rainwater following fierce thunderstorms. floating away : here a trash can is seen floating down a street affected by the floods , as a car kicks up spray trying to
when you apply for a job as a skyscraper window cleaner , a head for heights is essential. but you probably do n't anticipate being repeatedly slammed into the side of the building as your platform is thrown around like a toy in the wind. such was the fate of two window cleaners working at a skyscraper in shanghai recently , people 's daily online reported , with their ordeal filmed from inside the building by an onlooker. the incident occurred at the 91st floor of the 101-storey shanghai world financial centre , the city 's second-tallest building at 492 metres -lrb- 1,614 ft -rrb-. the one-minute video shows the platform swing violently in wind with the lujiazui financial district hundreds of metres below. the platform can be heard striking the windows of
such is the global sporting fame of andy murray that guests attending the star 's wedding to kim sears this weekend might have wondered if they would be seated next to a famous face. novak djokovic perhaps ? or fellow scotsman alex ferguson ? the answer is a resounding ` not likely '. when murray , 27 , says ' i do ' with his long-term girlfriend , also 27 , on april 11 , the guests wishing them well in his hometown of dunblane will be largely a gathering of close family and friends. low-key : in spite of high profile friendships with the
-lrb- cnn -rrb- would a taste of the finest swiss chocolate make you happy ? or soaking in the warm icelandic springs ? perhaps the great jazz and rock music scene in denmark is for you ? it 's not just the fun activities that make locals and travelers to those countries happy , according to the third world happiness report , released by the sustainable development solutions network for the united nations on april 23. people who live in the happiest countries have longer life expectancies and more social support , experience more generosity , have more freedom to make life choices , have lower perceptions of corruption and have a higher gross domestic product per capita , the report shows. the tiny country of bhutan , a very
paula creamer has called for a masters tournament for women at augusta national. creamer , who won the 2010 women 's us open , first floated the idea on twitter following jordan spieth 's stunning victory at the masters on april 14 stating : ' i hope the masters will consider a women 's masters soon. they do so much to grow the game. fastest area of golf growth is women ! # 6majors ? ' in the lead up to this week 's swinging skirts lpga classic in northern california , creamer suggested a women 's event could be staged the
brittany lincicome beat stacy lewis in a play-off to claim her second ana inspiration crown after a dramatic end to the lpga 's opening major of the year in california. lincicome looked set to finish in the chasing pack until she carded a brilliant eagle on the par-five 18th to record a closing 69 and move level with fellow american lewis on nine under par. former champion lewis -lrb- 70 -rrb- could still have claimed the win herself when , playing in the final group , she had a chance to birdie the last but her effort from 10 feet sneaked past on the low side , sending the two friends into a play-off at mission hills country club. brittany lincicome shows
alfred hitchcock. by peter ackroyd. -lrb- chatto & windus # 12.99. with this nutritious , compact and superb critical biography , ackroyd emphasises the importance of victorian and edwardian london in the imagination of alfred hitchcock -- the ` damp-looking dirty blackness ' of the east end ; the ` manifold ruffianism ' of the cockneys ; the pubs , street markets , theatres and music halls , with their ` variety acts , dioramas and italian operettas '. alfred hitchcock -lrb- pictured -rrb- was born in 1899 in leytonstone , east london. in addition to the gaudiness , the city was a place with dark staircases , gaslight ,
-lrb- cnn -rrb- a duke student has admitted to hanging a noose made of rope from a tree near a student union , university officials said thursday. the prestigious private school did n't identify the student , citing federal privacy laws. in a news release , it said the student was no longer on campus and will face student conduct review. the student was identified during an investigation by campus police and the office of student affairs and admitted to placing the noose on the tree early wednesday , the university said. officials are still trying to determine if other people
the pursuit of journalists for paying public officials was in ruins last night after prosecutors dropped a raft of cases. director of public prosecutions alison saunders was forced into a humiliating climbdown after a jury threw out yet another old bailey case. she abandoned the trials of nine reporters accused of illegally paying public officials for information , finally admitting there was little appetite among the public for journalists who expose matters of public interest to be jailed. former mirror reporter graham brough talks to media as he leaves the old bailey court in london after he and three other tabloid journalists were cleared of paying public officials for stories. her decision sparked an ugly blame game as the
malcolm brabant spent two years in and out of mental institutions after a yellow fever vaccine. when award-winning bbc foreign correspondent malcolm brabant walked into a clinic one afternoon to have a yellow fever vaccine , he was warned the possible side-effects could be dizzy spells and a headache. yet within 24 hours of having the jab , in april 2011 , malcolm had been reduced to a sweating , shivering wreck , gripped by a fever so strong it took two weeks and a spell in hospital before his temperature was brought down. then the psychosis began. a shooting star , glimpsed from the balcony of his home , convinced malcolm - who had no
some of the oldest surviving photographs of the houses of parliament and windsor castle , dating back more than 150 years , have been found. the remarkable images were shot by photographer victor albert prout , who developed the negatives in an improvised dark room on board his punt which he sailed along the river thames. and despite being more than 150 years old , most of the images capturing the iconic landmarks along the river are instantly recognisable today. scroll down for video. prout travelled along the river thames in a makeshift boat where he installed a dark room -lrb- centre , front -rrb- , capturing and developing his images on site , like this one of windsor castle -lrb- top right -rrb-. prout 's collection is the oldest documented record
kevin carr is set to complete his epic 16,300 round-the-world trip tomorrow in devon after 19 months. a british barman is set to enter the record books after running 16,300 miles around the globe over 621 days while wearing out 16 pairs of shoes. kevin carr set off from haytor on dartmoor in july 2013 and every day since then he has completed on average one and a quarter marathons a day. now , after covering an estimated 36,000,000 steps over the past 19 months he is just 24 hours from returning to his starting point. and in the process , he will become the fastest man to ever run around the world. the 35-year-old from woolacombe in
survivors of the boston marathon bombing returned to the site of the deadly blasts on tuesday as they marked the second anniversary of the tragedy. among them , the family of eight-year-old martin richard , the youngest victim to lose his life in the april 15 , 2013 attack , headed to boylston street to help officials unveil commemorative banners. four orange signs each bearing a white heart and the word ` boston ' were placed at the site. they were mounted on poles wrapped in blue and yellow flowers , the marathon 's colors , to mark the tragedy that took three lives and left more than 260 others injured. martin 's older brother henry and younger sister jane , who lost a leg in the explosion , helped unwrap one of the flags
aaron hernandez saw his pcp-taking friends kill odin lloyd but did not commit the murder himself , his defense claimed in the closing arguments of his trial on tuesday. ` did he make all the right decisions ? no , ' defense attorney james sultan said. ` he was a 23-year-old kid who witnessed ... a shocking killing committed by somebody he knew. he really did n't know what to do. so he just put one foot in front of the other. ' after closing arguments from the defense and the prosecution , the jury began their deliberations on tuesday afternoon. if convicted , hernandez faces a maximum penalty of life in prison. the former new england patriots football player , 25 , has pleaded not guilty to murder and
the emirates airline logo will be a familiar sight for sports fans across the world. on tuesday , sportsmail revealed that the dubai-based brand are set to seal an historic deal with the fa cup which would see football 's oldest knockout competition rebranded as the emirates fa cup. the # 30million three-year deal would add to emirates ' ever-increasing portfolio of sporting sponsorship. here , sportsmail takes a look at the current deals the famous airline has on the table. arsenal won last season 's fa cup competition , which will be rebranded the emirates fa cup. emirates ' sport portfolio. football. arsenal and the emirates stadium. deal worth : # 150million.
a young star wars fan , who wrote a heartwarming note to the movies ' creator george lucas asking whether he would allow jedi knights to marry in the future , was elated to receive a reply granting his request. seven-year-old colin gilpatric , an aspiring jedi knight , was devastated to learn that achieving his dream might mean never being able to marry , as forming emotional attachments is said by the rules of the fictional order to lead jedis to the ` dark side '. desperate for a solution , colin , who has autism , went directly to the man in charge : star wars director and writer mr lucas.
a hotelier claims to be living in fear after her windows were smashed and she received intimidating phone calls after appearing on channel 4 's ` four in a bed ' criticising other hotels in the area. jennifer mcgirr , 61 , said the abuse started when the windows to the tower view hotel , which she owns , were shattered after a man threw a brick at them in a ` premeditated ' attack. she also claims to have had a stream of intimidating phone calls since starring on the reality tv show , where b&b owners visit each others properties and rate their stay. hotelier jennifer mcgirr claims to be living in fear after her windows were smashed and she received intimidating phone calls after appearing on channel 4 's ` four in a bed ' during the programme , ms
sorry : journalist sabrina rubin erdely -lrb- pictured -rrb- is expected to apologize for an article she wrote for rolling stone magazine about campus rape. the journalist who wrote rolling stone 's flawed account of a campus rape is set to apologize sunday night , when the columbia journalism school publishes a review of what went wrong with her reporting. sabrina rubin erdely has been silent since december , when the magazine was forced to issue an apology in the wake of several factual errors highlighted in the piece about a university of virginia student named jackie. in the story , titled ' a rape on campus ' , jackie claims to have been gang raped by seven men at campus fraternity phi kappa psi two years ago. but a
one of australia 's most prestigious race days , the opening of the championships , has been postponed after wild weather left randwick racecourse unsafe to compete on. stewards announced it was too risky to race on the wet surface after an early inspection at around 9.30 am saturday morning , disappointing the 25,000 punters officials expected to show. under normal circumstances the australian turf club would 've been packed with punters dressed to the nines scrambling for a seat , but as early racegoers susie pleasance and helen quarrel learned , the field was absolutely empty. racegoers susie pleasance and helen quarrel got to the field early and were disappointed to find an empty track. with a logistical nightmare on their hands , officials opted to move
blamed initially on ` engine. failure ' , it emerged on tuesday that a government jet carrying. serbia 's president to italy last week was forced to turn back. when the co-pilot spilled coffee on the instrument board. advisers to president tomislav nikolic described being. ` thrown around the cabin ' when the plane - a 34-year-old. french-built falcon 50 - began tumbling through the air on. friday. the plane landed safely back in belgrade , but nikolic was. forced to cancel his official visit to meet pope francis in the. vatican , and his advisers put the incident down to yet another. malfunction on the ageing ,
sandra garratt was in constant agony after undergoing two operations before her death. a grandmother racked with constant pain jumped from the top of a multi-storey car park to end her suffering , her devastated husband has said. sandra garratt , 56 , went through two years of agony following two back operations for a slipped disc and not even morphine could dull the pain. last month doctors told the housewife there was nothing more they could do ease her suffering and this was the ` final straw ' , according to her husband steve. on good friday , the mother of two left her home in rowley
a woman suffers from a rare medical condition that leaves her unable to recognise her own face in the mirror. natalie whitear , 35 , struggles to pick her husband and children out of a crowd - and walks past lifelong friends in the street. the mother-of-two suffers from prosopagnosia , also known as face blindness , which means she is able to recognise objects , but not faces. the condition is so severe that mrs whitear ca n't spot her own reflection or her children when picking them up from school. natalie whitear , 35 , can not recognise herself in the mirror as she suffers
ibrox has been a happy hunting ground for the edinburgh clubs this season. three league visits have been made. three defeats inflicted on rangers. stuart mccall believes his side now owe it to their fans to amend that record in their final chance of the regular season when hearts come calling on sunday. the tynecastle side won 2-1 on their previous trip to govan last august , while hibernian have racked up 3-1 and 2-0 victories. rangers boss stuart mccall wants to win one visit from an edinburgh club at ibrox this season. however , a 2-0 success at easter road 12 days ago could have marked a turning point for rangers in
the old adage may claim that a liar can not look you in the eye , but in truth liars often stare. that 's according to former police officer , darren stanton , who has become the uk 's top human leading human lie detector and body expert. appearing on itv 's this morning , the former police officer who has a background in psychology , micro expression training , and neuro linguistic programming -lrb- the study of body signals -rrb- , showed his immense skill in sniffing out deceit. scroll down for video. the old adage may claim that a
venezuela captain juan arango has apologised to a rival player after biting him on the shoulder at the end of a tempestuous mexican league match. arango 's tijuana side were losing 4-3 to monterrey with just seconds left when he went up to midfielder jesus zavala and bit him. ' i did something i should n't have done with zavala , ' the 34-year old midfielder said. juan arango -lrb- left -rrb- bites the shoulder of opponent jesus zavela in a moment of madness. zavala holds his shoulder after being bitten by arango , in the game zavala 's side won 4-3. zavala shows the referee the mark on his shoulder after being bittern by arango. arango -lrb- right -rrb- earlier scored
ap mccoy will jump his final fence this weekend when the legendary jockey bows out at sandown and to mark his retirement we 've got some brilliant stats and little-known facts as we preview hisbig farewell. we 've also got video footage of mccoy 's most memorable wins and everything else you need to know about the man who has been champion jockey every year he 's been a professional. ap mccoy won the grand national in 2010 on do n't push it. to kick off , how about this for a cv ? name : anthony peter mccoy obe. born : may 4 , 1974 in moneyglass , country antrim , northern ireland. height : 5ft 10.5 in. weight : 10st 5ibs
palmerston remains a very painful place for rangers managers. consider this the first harsh lesson of stuart mccall 's tenure. back in the chill of mid-december , ally mccoist led the ibrox side here on the day it emerged he had handed in his notice of resignation. a convincing 2-0 defeat did nothing to alleviate the mood of gloomy chaos that had engulfed the club. nine days later , mccoist was out on gardening leave. fast forward almost five months , and rangers arrived here in far more ebullient spirits with a new boardroom regime installed and three successive victories under mccall 's command. that hibs and hearts were among the victims added to the sense of a substantial
from teenage mothers and fathers to truck drivers and homeless addicts , brazil 's 24 hour drugs market crackland has become home to people from all walks of life. located in the slums of rio de janeiro , crack cocaine users visit the open-air bazaars to buy rocks of the drug and smoke it in plain sight , day or night. as the country 's drugs crisis reaches epidemic levels , its markets pull in anyone looking to get high. some of whom once held jobs , had loving families and harbored dreams of a better existence - all lost to their addictions. scroll down for video. patricia sebastiao , 22 who has a 2-year-old daughter and 1-year-old son , is
almost everyone longs to be reunited with deceased friends and family. now an app , dubbed ` project elysium ' , claims to do just that by creating a ` personalised afterlife experience ' with loved ones who have passed. the technology , which is still under development , could be a step towards uploading memories and personalities into computers , allowing people to live on in virtual reality. almost everyone longs to be reunited with deceased friends and family. now an app dubbed ` project elysium ' claims to do just that by creating a ` personalised afterlife experience ' with loved ones who have passed. the app 's developers have yet to reveal exactly how the technology
so , once again , it will all come down to the actions of a man from salto. on this occasion , though , the focus will not be on salto 's most famous son. luis suarez will be at the parc des princes tonight , forming one part of football 's most famous three-man attack , looking to fire barcelona into the champions league semi-finals. usually when they reach this stage , barcelona do not make any mistakes. standing on the other side of the pitch will be someone who suarez knows inside out , a player who hails from his home city in uruguay and
it has long been thought that stone age man abandoned their dead with little thought or respect. but the discovery of cremated bone , thought to be the earliest ever identified in britain , could re-write the history of mesolithic , or middle stone age burial practices. the deposit containing the bone was discovered during excavations ahead of a new pipeline in landford , essex and is thought to date to 5,600 bc. the discovery of cremated bone -lrb- pictured -rrb- , thought to be the earliest ever identified in britain , could re-write the history of mesolithic , or middle stone age burial practices. the burnt material , which includes
jordon ibe 's proved he 's got some impressive moves on the football pitch but the young winger has shown us he 's an equally adept dancer - by pulling off the trademark michael jackson ` moonwalk. ' the liverpool star has broken into the first team set-up this season , with some eye-catching performances at wing back or in a more attacking role. and ibe took to instagram , to show off his ability to perform the dance move , that many people around the country wish they could replicate. jordon ibe posted on instagram , the video of him performing the moonwalk while he recovers from injury. the midfielder showed off some impressive moves as he steps up his recovery from a knee problem. he said : ` having a little mess around
nadine coyle and coleen rooney showed off their caring sides today as they joined forces with cancer research 's race for life. ahead of the summer runs , the ladies have also lent their faces to the ad campaign for the drive. the ladies ditch their usual sharply-dressed style for a game of thrones-style makeover - complete with flowing tresses and defiant stares. scroll down for video. coleen rooney -lrb- left -rrb- and nadine coyle -lrb- right -rrb- have joined forces with cancer research for race for life. dressed in ethereal light pink gowns and feathered headdresses , the woman echo a hippy spirit as they
they have invited us into their kitchens and proudly shown off their families. but most of us are fed up with hearing about the wives and children of the party leaders , it seems. for 71 per cent of voters say they are choosing politicians and have no need to know about their spouses or offspring , a comres survey for the daily mail and itv news reveals. only a quarter say it is important to know about leaders ' domestic lives. scroll down for video. voters do n't feel the need to know about politician 's wives , a poll has found. above : nick clegg and his wife miriam gonzalez durantez were seen in their # 1.5
for the first time this year , nasa 's mars reconnaissance orbiter has spotted its robotic companion on the surface of the red planet. the orbiting spacecraft captured a shot of curiosity near the base of mount sharp in gale crater. but interestingly , the rover 's tracks are not visible - possibly because they have been swept away by the martian weather. the hirise camera is able to take images of the surface with a resolution of 10 inches -lrb- 25cm -rrb- per pixel , allowing it to spot the rover on the surface. it is seen here in the full image , circled. the rover is parked over
youtube is set to offer an ad free , subscription-based service for the first time. the plan was revealed in an email sent out to youtube partners. it will offer consumers the choice to pay for an ` ads-free ' version of youtube for a monthly fee. youtube is set to offer an ad free , subscription-based service for the first time , according to an email sent out to youtube partners. the additional monetization option requires partners to agree to updated terms on youtube 's creator studio dashboard , which notes that the changes will go into effect on june 15 , 2015. according to youtube 's updated partner program terms , youtube will pay creators 55 % of the total net
tripoli , libya -lrb- cnn -rrb- it took one somali woman seven months and 4,000 miles to trek to libya. from there , she hoped to cross the mediterranean sea so her baby could be born in europe. she did n't get there. she was arrested as she was sailing north and is now one of 350 migrants being held in a facility just outside tripoli. other pregnant women fleeing repression have come to libya -- many fleeing fighting that refuses to stop. they , like male migrants , are willing to risk their lives on crowded boats to make the final part of the
gearing up for tonight 's ncaa championship game , a group of meerkats have been testing out their basketball skills. the critters were filmed at indiana 's indianapolis zoo after getting a makeshift backboard and hoop installed in their pen. footage shows them inquisitively inspecting the piece of sports apparatus and standing tall on their back legs. however , instead of an even-surfaced court , they 're forced to contend with the hilly floor of their enclosure. spectators were seen smiling as they watched the team of animals in action. the zoo put on a range of final four activities over the weekend for visitors including a basketball-theme scavenger hunt. march madness is set to come to
this is the dramatic moment two traffic police officers were almost decapitated after a caravan sped past at speed with a window wide open. the motorway officers had been standing on the hard shoulder on the m5 in gloucesteshire at night after pulling over a driver , who they suspected was speeding. they then spotted a caravan heading towards them in the dark and at the last minute spotted the nearside back window was open. the caravan , which sped past the two traffic police officers with its back window open , circled , and almost decapitated them. the two officers spotted that the caravan 's window was open with just seconds to spare and managed to dive out
most street festivals are happy to throw a few cuts of meat on a barbecue , or perhaps even have a hog roast. in one corner of china , however , a full camel in a giant oven is the order of the day. the 450kg -lrb- 990lb -rrb- beast was coated in a lurid yellow marinade before it was lowered by crane into a 6m-tall tandoor kiln , the people 's daily online reported. scroll down for video. preparing : the camel is first coated with a yellow marinade before being put into the six-metre kiln. spectacular : the camel is hoisted out of the kiln after being roasted on the street
hillary clinton is deadly serious about attracting young and tech-savvy voters in 2016 , hiring a new digital guru who hails from the world 's most powerful online brand. stephanie hannon , who was the tech giant 's director of productmanagement for civic innovation and social impact , will serve as her presidential campaign 's chief technology officer. in that role she will supervise a sprawling effort to develop websites , mobile apps and other vehicles for pushing the former secretary of state 's brand through the 2016 elections. hannon previously worked on gmail and google maps. she also spent some time at facebook , and also worked for the event-organizing website eventbrite , according to
police in texas are investigating claims of excessive force after an officer was caught on camera throwing an intoxicated woman to the ground of a parking lot during an arrest. the officer , ben johnson , who has been on the force four years , was answering reports of a drunk woman inside deluxe nails at a strip mall in red rock on tuesday. when he arrived , he contained 27-year-old viviana keith , who was walking toward her car , and began handcuffing her. johnson claims the woman started resisting him , forcing him to pull a fast and forceful take-down ,
david cameron has been caught joking about alex salmond pinching people 's wallets in remarks broadcast after a tv interview ended. the prime minister , who had just done a viewer call-in on itv 's this morning , made the comment as host phillip schofield moved on to the next item. mr schofield said : ` up next , a man who can pinch your wallet , your watch and even your tie without you noticing. ' mr cameron , who was off camera , could then be heard saying : ` is that alex salmond ? ' co-host amanda holden burst out laughing at the remark as the programme went to ads. the prime minister , who
video footage has emerged which appears to show manchester city supporters singing a vile song about the munich air disaster outside old trafford. the clip , uploaded to youtube , looks to have been taken after sunday 's manchester derby which united won 4-2. it shows police on horseback on the forecourt behind the away section struggling to keep the two sets of rival fans apart. manchester city fans were filmed singing a vile song about the munich disaster outside old trafford. apparently taken by a city fan , it then appears to capture city supporters singing the song which mocks the 1958 tragedy in which 23 people died including manchester united players.
a mother who is accused of killing her children and then stuffing their bodies in a freezer was removed from court after confronting the father during a parental rights termination hearing. mitchelle blair , 35 , from michigan , is charged with with felony murder , premeditated murder and torture. court officers carrying out a march 24 eviction at the family 's apartment found the frozen corpses of 13-year-old stoni ann blair and 9-year-old stephen gage berry. blair used an expletive wednesday in juvenile court as visitation between her two living children and their fathers was discussed. blair also said alexander
an image of a woman breastfeeding her toddler while sitting on the toilet with her trousers around her ankles has caused a storm on the internet. originally posted on instagram and then shared on the facebook page of life of dad , which describes itself as ` the social network for dads ' , the picture has now been shared more than 25,000 times and has been liked on facebook more than 211,000 times. alabama-born mom-of-two elisha wilson beach , is pictured breastfeeding her daughter in the image. the picture has divided those who 've seen it with many criticizing the mother for her unapologetic approach to multi-tasking. wilson beach is the
sportsmail will be providing you with all you need to know about every barclays premier league fixture , with team news , provisional squads , betting odds and opta stats. here is all the information you need for aston villa 's home clash with qpr ... aston villa vs queens park rangers -lrb- villa park -rrb-. team news. aston villa. aston villa boss tim sherwood is definitely without a trio of key players for their key game with qpr. alan hutton limped off in saturday 's 3-1 defeat at manchester united with an ankle problem and has been ruled out of tuesday 's game along with scott sinclair and
-lrb- cnn -rrb- bernie sanders , my vermont senator and , indeed , a friend of many years , is now running for president. he noted at his announcement -lrb- with a familiar note of wise irony -rrb- : `` people should not underestimate me. '' to most americans , of course , sen. bernie sanders is only a name , if that. he is barely known to the general public , which makes him a very long shot indeed to win election to the highest office in the nation. those who follow politics a little more closely will possibly think of him as some left-wing kook that only
-lrb- cnn -rrb- pardon us , `` lost '' fans , but april 8 was n't only your day. yes , we know the significance of april 8 , 2015 , and the alignment of 4:23.42 p.m. on that date to everyone obsessed with the hit abc show , and we heard about the general geek-outs that were occurring. but do n't forget , april 8 was also `` rex manning day. '' twitter did n't , paying homage to the 1995 film `` empire records '' and the character of rex manning , played by the very dreamy maxwell caulfield. the movie -- also starring liv tyler , anthony lapaglia and renée zellweger -- centers on an independent record store in delaware where , on april 8 , former pop idol
a terminally-ill landlord whose dying wish was to marry his partner of 26 years saw their special day descend into farce after a series of blunders. geoff haigh , 61 , from oldham , greater manchester , wanted to marry his long-term partner heather after being diagnosed with terminal pancreatic cancer and the pair settled on a venue close to their home. but , instead of having the magical day they had planned , the couple were left reeling after a number of bungles thwarted the ceremony from running smoothly. guests were forced to listen to the wedding song 10 times while it played over and over , and the couple were left with
as the duke and duchess of cambridge will shortly discover for the second time , no situation trumps becoming a parent when it comes to extravagant emotion. but welcome though the new arrival might be , first-time parents in particular are rarely prepared for the upheaval that ensues. now a group of parents , all of whom are based in the us , have created a video that lifts the lid on what the first months with a new baby are really like. scroll down for video. top tips : the video , which has been viewed 600,000 times , features new parents sharing their tips. called extra storage space , the clip has already been viewed almost 600,000 times
a middle school student is being kept home in fear of her life after anonymous instagram users threatened to stab her to death. the girl , who has not been named but attends school in san dimas , california , is the target of disturbing posts on the photo-sharing service. the posts consist of pictures of her accompanied by threatening messages. one says : ` that smile ! i ca n't wait till its -lsb- sic -rsb- just blood and tears '. threats : the above pictures , which showed the girl 's unobscured face , were posted on instagram along with violent messages. another reads : ` you show up at school tomorrow thats the
-lrb- cnn -rrb- at least two people were taken into custody as protesters upset over the death of freddie gray scuffled thursday evening with police on the streets of baltimore. tensions rose as demonstrators confronted police , several of whom shouted : `` back up ! '' the baltimore police department said the two were detained for disorderly conduct and destruction of property. there were no other arrests and the protests -- on the whole -- were peaceful. protesters rallied at city hall before marching to a police station. some walked through traffic. in one instance , they surrounded a police car.
talk about a chain reaction ! this is the moment a billiards player performs a complex trick shot by setting up a domino train to pot four balls. video footage shows a white ball being rolled down a positioned cue. it then bounces off one side of the red-clothed table and hits the first in a long line of dominoes. one by one the small counters fall down , tapping balls into various pockets as they go. first a yellow , then a blue , then a red. finally , the last domino gently hits an orange ball , causing it to roll down
robbie knievel has been arrested for allegedly driving under the influence in butte , montana - the town his daredevil father evel knievel helped make famous. knievel , 52 , was speeding in an suv on tuesday evening when he rear-ended a honda , causing a chain-reaction crash involving two other vehicles , police said. no one was injured. after the crash , knievel drove off but his car was found nearby and he was seen walking about a block away , according to butte-silver bow undersheriff george skuletich. in court : robbie knievel , pictured in court on wednesday , was arrested for dui in montana after crashing into another car on tuesday evening and setting off a chain-reaction crash
they were once sprawling palace compounds that were used to intimidate and strike fear into the hearts of libyans. now the homes and residences of colonel muammar gaddafi have been reduced to rubble - and even used as pet markets to sell birds and dogs. four years after the 2011 revolution that saw colonel gaddafi 's hold on libya crumbled , the once feared bab al-aziziya compound , situated in the capital city of tripoli , resembles a wasteland. scroll down for video. colonel muammar gaddafi stands with his wife and children near bab al-azizia palace in november 1986 , before it was left in ruins by air raids. reduced the rubble : the former
a battler has struck gold after scoring a massive $ 20 million lottery win which has left him with ` butterflies in his stomach. ' the winning punter , who comes from mittagong in southern new south wales , discovered his good fortune on tuesday evening. the man , who chose not to be named , said he and his wife had been ` struggling ' before the win and that they are over the moon with the result. ` when i saw that i had all the winning numbers , i thought holy moly i 've won ! ' he told tatts.com. scroll
ian somerhalder and nikki reed are officially married. the vampire diaries actor and his twilight actress fiancée tied the knot on sunday in a romantic ceremony in the santa monica mountains. nikki , 26 - who was previously married to singer-songwriter paul mcdonald - wore a stunning white lace long-sleeved custom gown by claire pettibone , while ian , 36 , donned a white suit and shirt. scroll down for video. they do : nikki reed and ian somerhalder embrace in a passionate kiss as they tie the knot in romantic ceremony after nine-month whirlwind relationship on sunday. true gent : the handsome chap carried his bride down a muddy slope to ensure her dress did n't get dirty. with her hair worn to one side and in
justin rose might just have made the most important pencil mark of his entire career to put himself in contention at augusta this weekend. the 2013 us open champion ended the day on seven under , sharing third place and is one of a handful of players hanging on to the coat tails of runaway leader jordan spieth. but it took a neat bit of psychology to rescue his round after a disastrous start as he tried to build on his opening-day 67. rose bogeyed three of the first four holes , finding himself playing from the trees as he recovered from wayward tee shots. and that
jerusalem -lrb- cnn -rrb- the flame of remembrance burns in jerusalem , and a song of memory haunts valerie braham as it never has before. this year , israel 's memorial day commemoration is for bereaved family members such as braham. `` now i truly understand everyone who has lost a loved one , '' braham said. her husband , philippe braham , was one of 17 people killed in january 's terror attacks in paris. he was in a kosher supermarket when a gunman stormed in , killing four people , all of them jewish. the terrorist , amedy coulibaly , recorded the attack on camera.
a 13-year-old indian girl faced with an arranged marriage has written a letter to her teacher begging her to stop the wedding -lrb- stock image above -rrb-. a 13-year-old indian girl faced with an arranged marriage has written a letter to her teacher begging her to stop the wedding. duli hembrom wrote to the principal of milan mithi uchha vidyalaya after failing to convince her parents to call off the wedding , which is due to take place in two days. she wrote : ' i do not want to get married , i took an oath at the time of admission that
-lrb- cnn -rrb- mark ronson 's `` uptown funk ! , '' featuring bruno mars , is the longest-leading billboard hot 100 of the 2010s , ruling the chart for a 13th week. it 's also just the 10th single in the hot 100 's entire history to spend at least 13 weeks at no. 1. plus , newcomer natalie la rose reaches the top 10 with her debut hit `` somebody , '' featuring jeremih. as we do each wednesday , let 's run down all the songs in the top 10 , and a bit beyond , on the
a british woman told today of her horror at finding her two best friends shot dead on a sofa at a villa in spain. peter tarsey and his wife , jean , both 77 , were found covered in a green raincoat , each killed with a single bullet in a double murder of ` terrible cruelty '. the friend , ann , said she had gone to the house on sunday afternoon with another friend because she was concerned at not being able to reach the couple on the phone. the expat , who had been friends with the couple for 25 years , said : ' i knew something
a bizarre performance from stan wawrinka saw grigor dimitrov breeze through 6-1 , 6-2 to his first masters quarter-final of the season. wawrinka is the defending champion in monte carlo and seldom has a title been relinquished so easily. the swiss no 2 played like he was in a hurry - and not in a good way. rushing between points , wawrinka won the first of the match and then made four unforced errors in a row to surrender his serve. grigor dimitrov powers a forehand from the back court in his comfortable win over stan wawrinka. wawrinka , the monte carlo masters defending champion , appeared out of sorts in the 6-1 6-2 defeat. the world no 9 looked listless and disinterested , rolling in 95mph first
a dog who went missing more than a year ago has been reunited with her owners after being rescued from peril during a cockfighting bust in south carolina. april morris of bennettsville thought she 'd never see her beloved pit bull , nina louise , again after she went astray in december 2013. months of searching and a $ 500 cash reward proved fruitless. but this past saturday she could n't believe her eyes when she saw footage of the malnourished pup 's heartbreaking rescue on local news. she was even more surprised when the bulletin revealed the whimpering canine had just given birth to ten pups. morris called the local humane society
cristiano ronaldo returned to top form last weekend with five goals against granada , and he is now urging his supporters to get themselves into shape. the real madrid forward has not been at his best this year , but turned things around with a stunning display on sunday , during real madrid 's 9-1 win. and the portuguese star , and world player of the year , took to twitter to share his celebrations with his many followers , posing with a bike and encouraging them to start riding. cristiano ronaldo scored five goals as real madrid thrashed granada 9-1 on sunday afternoon. ronaldo is one of the fittest athletes in the world , and tweeted for his many fans to join him in
-lrb- cnn -rrb- #upordown ? that 's the trending question on social media , thanks to a photo of a cat coming down some stairs. or is it going up some stairs ? -lrb- and you thought you were done with this kind of optical illusion free-for-all after #thedress. -rrb-. the picture was apparently uploaded on imgur
some breakfast cereals contain as many as three teaspoons of sugar , dentist dr sameer patel warns. a busy working week can take its toll on our lives , leaving little time to plan our meals. from breakfast at the desk to the mid-afternoon slump , the temptation to take short cuts and grab the nearest pick me up is too much to resist. with so many products claiming to be ` healthy ' , it can be a real struggle to know what to pick from the shelves of your nearest high street shop. and lurking inside many seemingly ` healthy ' foods , are hidden ingredients
ahead of this weekend 's premier league action , sportsmail will be providing you with all you need to know about every fixture , with team news , provisional squads , betting odds and opta stats. here is all the information you need for crystal palace 's home clash with manchester city ... crystal palace vs manchester city -lrb- selhurst park -rrb-. team news. crystal palace. crystal palace boss alan pardew has no fresh injury concerns ahead of his side 's clash against manchester city. however , marouane chamakh and fraizer campbell are still sidelined with a hamstring injury , while jordon mutch has a
it was thought that edward snowden was living in a secret location in russia after his 2013 leaks made him a wanted man by the us government -- but it seems he 's actually set up shop in the middle of the white house. at least , that 's where the whistleblower is according to google maps. a business called edward 's snow den has appeared in the us president 's headquarters thanks to the clever work of security consultant bryan seely. a business called edward 's snow den has appeared in the us president 's headquarters. it is thought that edward snowden was living in a secret location
the records are tumbling and leicester 's belief is growing. their 2-0 victory over swansea made it three premier league wins in a row for the first time since 2000 , lifting nigel pearson 's side to 17th and ending their five-month spell at the bottom. all this after just two wins in their previous 24 games. most looking at the club reasoned relegation would be a matter of time. instead , queens park rangers , burnley , hull and sunderland are now shorter odds to go down with bookmakers. in truth , there have been no significant changes to affect results. pearson has applied the
my first trip to new york was with my aunt when i was about 18 and i had been appearing in coronation street for about 12 months. i can remember it all so clearly. we had a lot of fun together - we went to see the musical chicago on broadway and did lots and lots of shopping. we returned to the city that never sleeps in january 2001 , eight months before the terrible events of 9/11 , and one of the first things my boyfriend sylvain longchambon and i did on my latest trip was to visit the site of the world trade center to see the monument to those who died. it was a very poignant moment. coronation street star samia ghadie and boyfriend sylvain longchambon take a selfie in new
gary player will attend his 58th masters this week fully expecting to welcome a new member to the game 's most exclusive club and salute what he considers would be one of the sport 's finest accomplishments. the great man considers tiger woods completing the career grand slam at the age of just 24 as the best golfing feat he has seen. so you can imagine how excited he is at the prospect of rory mcilroy becoming just the sixth player to win all four majors at only 25. ` i 'm not sure people fully realise what a magnificent effort it would be
pitted against a russian grandmaster in the tournament , 12-year-old chess prodigy jonah willow was an underdog even in the eyes of his most ardent supporters. so it came as a surprise when , after two hours of play , alexander cherniaev , 45 , shrugged resignedly and offered the youngster a draw. ` the grandmaster felt he could do nothing more to force a win or to break his way through , ' said jonah 's proud father simon scott. scroll down for video. talented : jonah willow aged 12 , who drew a chess match with a russian grandmaster four times his age. ` we were all completely amazed. we could n't really
-lrb- the hollywood reporter -rrb- add another fan-favorite character to the cast of next year 's `` x-men : apocalypse , '' with director bryan singer announcing via instagram that olivia munn will play the telepathic psylocke in the follow-up to `` x-men : days of future past. '' singer revealed that the `` newsroom '' actress would play betsy braddock in the movie -lrb- presumably before the confusing and complicated plot twist that saw psylocke change from a caucasian former supermodel to a japanese ninja for no immediately obvious reason -rrb-. `` apocalypse '' is currently in production for a summer 2016 release. more : `` x-men : apocalypse '' casts fan favorite jubilee.
the senior islamic state commander linked to the anzac day terror plot has called for new terror attacks on australian soil in a flash new propaganda video. authorities named abu khaled al-cambodi - former melbourne man neil prakash - as a key figure in their investigation into a plot where teenagers were allegedly planning to attack police on saturday. now al-cambodi has starred in a 12-minute long propaganda video where , cradling a gun , he has ordered his ` beloved brothers ' to ` rise up ' and attack targets in australia. ` you must start attacking before they attack you , ' the 23-year-old said. ` look how much your sisters
-lrb- cnn -rrb- soon , america will be too fat to fight. forget about rampant diabetes , heart attacks and joint problems -- the scariest consequence arising out of our losing battle with the bulge is the safety of our country. in about five years , so many young americans will be grossly overweight that the military will be unable to recruit enough qualified soldiers. that alarming forecast comes from maj , gen. allen batschelet , who is in charge of u.s. army recruiting command. obesity , he told me , `` is becoming a national security issue. '' i was so taken aback by batschelet 's statement that i felt the need to press him. come on ! obesity
it is a miracle she survived. with 18 broken bones , a broken nose , a ruptured kidney , a ruptured liver , missing teeth , and a fractured rib , christy mack was unrecognisable as she fled her las vegas home on august 8 , 2014. it was the climax , the former porn star claims , of an abusive on-off relationship with mma fighter jonathan paul koppenhaver , known professionally as war machine. now , nine months later , she has to wear a wig and glasses , and is still undergoing reparative dental work - while fighting to
-lrb- cnn -rrb- film critic richard corliss , whose populist passion for all genres of movies illuminated time magazine 's coverage of cinema for 35 years , died thursday night in new york city. he was 71. corliss died a week after suffering a major stroke , according to a tribute on time 's website by colleague richard zoglin , who called him `` perhaps the magazine 's most quoted writer of all time. '' unlike some critics , corliss appreciated all kinds of movies -- from the arty drama of ingmar bergman to the epic fantasy of `` the lord
as james bond , he is licensed to kill. but it takes a great deal of artistic licence for daniel craig 's character to survive his on-screen ordeals , medical experts say. for in real life 007 would have perished several times in his most recent movie , skyfall. the incidents that ought to have been fatal include one before the opening credits rolled that would have ` turned his lungs out '. craig is clearly a lot more vulnerable than his alter-ego -- he has just had knee surgery after hurting himself in a stunt for the next bond movie , spectre. only in the movies
-lrb- cnn -rrb- this week , hillary clinton surprised the world yet again -- not with the official launch of her campaign but for the unconventional way she did it. she sure pushed the envelope. with her video , new logo and road trip , she opened a long communications campaign not only to `` rebrand '' herself but to completely reframe who she is , what she stands for and how she intends to run. we 'll find out over the next year and a half whether it will work. many in the press and on late-night television scratched their heads this week ; others were scathing. ruth marcus -- a columnist for
-lrb- cnn -rrb- you 'll see him in your mcdreams. on thursday night 's `` grey 's anatomy , '' dr. derek shepherd -- the hunky character played by patrick dempsey -- died. he was n't shot down over the sea of japan , nor did a helicopter fall on his head. instead , he died following a car crash -- after helping victims of another accident. `` derek shepherd is and will always be an incredibly important character -- for meredith -lrb- grey -rrb- , for me and for the fans , '' show creator shonda rhimes said in a statement , according to the hollywood reporter. `` i absolutely never imagined saying goodbye to our ` mcdreamy. ' patrick
jodi arias has reported to prison to begin serving her life sentence for murder , and she has a new mugshot. the image shows a stone-faced arias dressed in an orange prison uniform. it 's a sharp contrast from her original booking photo in which displayed a smirk. she later said she flashed the grin because that 's what her victim would have done if he were in the same situation. she also figured the mugshot would be all over the internet , ` so why not ? ' arias was convicted of murder and sentenced to life in prison - with no change of
haul : the cherry picker collecting drugs from the roof of hmp altcourse in liverpool. the amount of drugs being thrown over the fence into one prison is so high that warders have been forced to deploy a cherry picker to remove them. packages containing heroin and cannabis were cleared from the roof of hmp altcourse in liverpool - hurled there from the outside by friends of inmates who missed their intended targets. the hydraulic crane also recovered so-called ` legal highs ' as well as 22 phones , three sim cards and six chargers from the 60ft roof , contained in a total of 14 bubble-wrapped packages. officers at the jail , privately run by controversial firm g4s , disclosed the haul in an internal document
` welcome to the land of gnh ' was blazoned across the poster in front of me as i stepped off the plane at paro airport. i had just landed in bhutan , where gross national happiness is considered far more important than gross domestic product and economic success.it certainly gave me food for thought. before we had even touched down , i knew i was visiting somewhere unique. miles of prayer flags lined the runway and instead of a soulless modern airport , the terminal had whitewashed walls and carved casement windows painted with ornate motifs. the only billboard showed a glamorous young couple , the fifth king and his queen , looking as if they had stepped out of a bollywood movie. tiger 's nest monastery is the
manhattan 's fifth avenue was a sea of bizarre hats today as people celebrating easter took to the streets in outlandish headgear. whether they had just emerged from mass , or were only there to bare their bonnets , the quintessential big apple thoroughfare thronged with color on sunday afternoon. bunny ears , eggs and flowers were among the more conservative adornments festooning the heads of new yorkers as they milled around in a loose gaggle centered on st patrick 's cathedral. mad hatters : these parader-goers , pictured in front of st patrick 's cathedral on manhattan 's fifth avenue , were
-lrb- cnn -rrb- australia has recalled its ambassador to indonesia for consultations after two australians were among eight drug smugglers executed by firing squad early wednesday. australian prime minister tony abbott called the executions `` cruel and unnecessary '' because both men , andrew chan and myuran sukumaran , had been `` fully rehabilitated '' during a decade in prison. abbott did n't say what permanent actions , if any , would be taken against indonesia. `` this is a dark moment in the relationship , but i 'm sure the relationship will be restored , '' he said. one of the men 's indonesian lawyers , todung mulya lubis tweeted his apologies. `` i failed.
the widow of a cyclist killed after hitting a pothole during a charity ride from land 's end to john o'groats has won a six-figure payout from the council who failed to mend the road. martyn uzzell , 51 , died instantly after he was thrown into path of a car by a four-inch deep pothole. just a month before the tragedy , the council sent workers to inspect the hole after police said it was a hazard. but it was decided that immediate repairs were not necessary. kate uzzell has received a six-figure payout after her husband martyn -lrb- both pictured -rrb- was killed during a charity cycle ride when he
chelsea midfielder oscar hopes that winning the premier league title this season can kick-start a period of dominance in english football for the blues. jose mourinho 's side are 10 points clear of second-placed arsenal , who they play at the weekend , and brazil international oscar has aspirations of further success in the coming seasons. ` hopefully , yes. this squad is really young and we 've been playing together for a long time , ' he told goal. ` we are improving as the time goes by. this is good for the players and for the club. we know each others ' movements on the pitch. oscar -lrb- right -rrb- hopes that chelsea winning the premier
two months after announcing that he is leaving the daily show , jon stewart has revealed that he decided to quit because he was becoming increasing depressed watching cable news. two months after announcing that he is leaving the daily show , jon stewart has revealed that he decided to call time on his 17 year reign because he was becoming increasing depressed by american politics and watching cable news. speaking for the first time since making his shock decision , stewart said he was looking forward to not having to watch the ` relentless ' 24-hour news networks anymore. ` watching these channels all
the mother of a young woman who suffers from lupus , an inflammatory disease which affects the immune system , has hit back at a stranger who left a cruel note on her daughter 's car claiming she had no right to park in a disabled space -- despite the fact that she has a handicap permit. corinna skorpenske , from pittsburgh , pennsylvania , took to facebook to publicly shame the anonymous note writer , while also defending her daughter harley jo , a student at ohio state university , and her condition. ` my first reaction was anger , ' corinna told
she is one of the top human rights lawyers in the country and is married to one of the most famous men in the world , so it is no wonder amal clooney always looks effortlessly chic when she steps out into the public eye. the london-based lawyer 's wardrobe has gone from strength-to-strength since she tied the knot with george clooney in venice , italy , last september. from elegant cream jumpsuits to panel shift dresses and suit/skirt combos , the 37-year-old always seems to get the balance of smart and sexy just right. but her effortless look is not without the help of a few designer items. from prada and stella mccartney to dolce & gabbana and alexander mcqueen , the stylish lawyer seems to spare no expense when it comes to dressing herself. several of
-lrb- cnn -rrb- there is a special kind of hell reserved for the women who fall into the clutches of today 's jihadi fighters. we are all familiar with the brutality of isis , the self-anointed islamic state , or boko haram , the nigerian terrorists who have pledged allegiance to isis. this new wave of violent islamist groups proudly brandishes medieval methods of cruelty through modern technology as a tool of recruitment and intimidation. but there is something very different about the way they treat women. the jihadi chiefs have a strategy beyond the battlefield. their treatment of their female victims plays an important part in their ambitious radical strategy. killing the enemy , the men , is a tactic for winning battles and conquering territory. what they do to women has an altogether different purpose : it is
three people are fortunate to be alive after a hot air balloon collided with a transmission tower and crashed to the ground during a training session in russia. in the incident , which was captured on camera , the balloon catches the side of the tower and the basket , which carries three occupants , plummets to the ground. the instructor and two passengers were hospitalised with cuts and bruises but are all reported to be in a stable condition. the filmmaker captured the moment the balloon collides with the side of the transmission tower. the horrifying incident took place in the sky over russia 's dmitrov district. recording from a car , the filmmaker follows three hot air balloons through the trees as they float in the
this is the man who was caught on surveillance cameras appeared to punch a three-year-old boy in the face at a supermarket. justin whittington , 23 , was arrested on friday in bakersfield , california , and charged with child cruelty after the video of the alleged abuse surfaced online. but following interviews , his charge was changed from ` cruelty ' to ` endangerment ' , and his bail dropped from $ 1 million to $ 20,000. on saturday , whittington posted bail. he will be released by sunday morning , with a court date set for april 24. warning graphic content. scroll down for video. pictured : this is justin whittington , the man
a lobster restaurant in canada has issued a detailed and sincere apology after it was attacked by online commenters for a ban on ` small screaming children '. lobster pound and moore , in cape breton , nova scotia , had posted ` effective as of now , we will no longer allow small screaming children ' , saying that it ` caters to those who enjoy food and are out to enjoy themselves '. the message , posted last sunday night , was deleted by monday morning after a torrent of online abuse came from disgruntled parents. scroll down for video. lobster pound and moore in cape breton , nova scotia , kicked off a internet debate when it announced that it would no longer allow ` small screaming children ' into its dining room. the canadian seafood
between the tears , eulogies and final farewells , funerals are typically a sombre affair. so mourners at a taiwanese man 's memorial were shocked after they were treated to a sexy performance by two scantily-clad strippers - hired by the deceased 's own wife , the people 's daily online reported. dressed in little more than underwear and thigh-high boots , the exotic dancers showed off their moves in a scene more fitting to a strip club than a funeral home. scroll down for video. two hot dancers wearing just bras and miniskirts danced around the casket showing off their sexy moves to open mouthed mourners. bringing a whole new meaning to the phrase drop dead gorgeous the women
people looking for low-maintenance animal companions have found their perfect match it seems. russian artist marina yamkovskaia , 39 , specializes in creating life-like bird dolls and says she ca n't keep up with orders. indeed , on her website all of the critters appear to have sold out except for one $ 399 fluffy owl named leo. a product description states that the 5.5 in bird was crafted from mink fur and his joints are ` movable. ' photographs show him relaxing in bed and teetering on a twig. scroll down for video. bizarre trend : russian artist marina yamkovskaia , 39 , specializes in creating life-like bird dolls -lrb- above -rrb- and says she ca n't
-lrb- cnn -rrb- call it a little piece of heaven for a family torn apart by tragedy. back in july , sierra sharry and lane smith were just about to become parents. sharry was eight months pregnant. but then smith fell and hit his head. he was taken to the ou medical center in oklahoma city. smith never recovered. `` july 13th 2014 was the absolute worst day of my life , '' sharry posted on
tyra banks made her awards ceremony hosting debut on sunday at the daytime emmy awards in burbank , california and delivered on her promise of multiple outfits. the 41-year-old model and television personality also premiered a new short hairdo at the awards ceremony honouring the best in daytime television. matt lauer received plenty of thanks during the two-hour broadcast on the pop basic cable network after a comedy bit featuring pasties and black stockings. scroll down for video. hosting debut : tyra banks made her awards ceremony hosting debut on sunday at the 42nd annual daytime emmy awards in burbank , california. the
sarcasm is often described as the lowest form of wit , but it seems you need the right kind of wits in the first place to be able to recognise it. neuroscientists have identified the area of the brain that is the key to picking up on when someone is being sarcastic. they found that people with damage to the right sagittal stratum - a bundle of white matter that lies between the cerebral cortex and subcortical structures in the brain - are unable to detect sarcasm. stroke patients with damage in the sagittal stratum in the right hemisphere of the brain -lrb- shown in the image above -rrb- were far poorer at detecting sarcasm when
a didgeridoo maker demonstrated the power of music when he played a tune and caused a herd of cows to stand to attention. italian musician andrea furlan was captured on camera by filmmaker friend irina niculescu standing in front of a river in stony stratford , milton keynes. he holds a ` butterfly landscape ' designed instrument to his mouth and plays a tune , while an unsuspecting herd of cows graze in the background. the professional didgeridoo maker plays a tune while unsuspecting cows graze in the background. suddenly a cow steps out from behind the herd and with its ears lifted begins walking towards the river , which separates it from andrea. other cows lift
-lrb- cnn -rrb- when melissa atkins wardy , author of `` redefining girly '' and a passionate advocate for fighting gender stereotypes , heard from a frustrated mom on facebook , she knew she needed to do something. so she shared the mom 's story. in a blog post , wardy told how the mom , veronica of richland , washington , wanted to buy `` big hero 6 '' fabric to make pillows for her two children. the problem ? the fabric did n't include two of the heroes from the movie : the female characters , honey lemon and gogo. so veronica decided to send an email to
the nation 's first ever set of all-girl quintuplets is ` doing fabulous ' , according to their mother. danielle busby looked tired but ecstatic as she appeared on today for an interview just a week after giving birth. olivia marie , ava lane , hazel grace , parker kate and riley paige are all still in an incubator at houston 's woman 's hospital of texas. but they 're getting stronger every day. ` they 're doing fabulous. they 're so precious and they 're doing really , really well , ' danielle said as she beamed holding her husband adam 's hand. scroll down for video. ecstatic : danielle and adam busby said they are still in shock but delighted a week after the birth. ` it was an emotional downpour ' : danielle described holding
a young mother and her three children have been found murdered in their home. latasha gosling , 27 , of tisdale , saskatchewan , and her two daughters , janyaa , 4 , and jenika , 8 , and her son landen , 7 , were discovered early wednesday one day after they were reported missing. the suspect in the case was found just hours later dead , and while police would not say how he died they did say that it was not a homicide. he also had a six-month-old baby with him who was unharmed. latasha gosling , 27 , and her two daughters , janyaa , 4 , and jenika , 8 , and her son
the ex-partner of disgraced queensland politician billy gordon has opened up about the years of abuse she suffered , including three months where she and her children were essentially held hostage and forced to live in fear. the queensland government was plunged into crisis after when details of the cook mp 's criminal past emerged , leading the premier , annastacia palaszczuk to call for his resignation. after mr gordon 's dark past was revealed he resigned from the labor party but refused to resign from parliament. until now , the mother of his two children , kristy peckham has been in hiding. the
kanye west has revealed that he is sick of the notion that celebrities are controlling society as members of the secret group the illuminati , in an essay that he penned for paper magazine 's american dream issue. less than a year after his wife kim kardashian posed nude for the magazine , the 37-year-old rapper stars on paper 's latest cover , donning a grey sweatshirt from his collection for adidas and a necklace featuring his daughter north 's nickname , nori. in the april issue , kanye explained his ` world dream ' and noted that if there was an actual illuminati , ` it would be more like the energy companies ' - not hollywood stars. ' i am tired of people
-lrb- cnn -rrb- jackson gordon is no ordinary 21-year-old. by day he is an industrial design student at philadelphia university , but gordon has another side to him -- a side altogether darker , tougher and more enigmatic. hanging in his workshop gordon has a full suit of armor plating , cape and cowl -- matte black and built to stop a knife. gordon has an alter ego : the dark knight himself , batman. you might expect his origin story to be cloaked in mystery , but speaking to cnn gordon is quick to explain how the transformation took place. gordon says his calling came five years ago when he began experimenting with cosplay. `` previously i 'd been involved with costume
she might be well into her eighth decade but bette carrouze , 78 , from brighton , has no intention of hanging up her dancing shoes. instead , the single mother of two is partying away her final years on brighton 's gay scene and regularly emerges from clubs in the early hours of the morning. but her penchant for partying is n't entirely without its pitfalls , with the pensioner admitting that proffering a bus pass in the early hours while ` stinking of vodka ' can be a bit embarrassing. party pensioner : bette carouze , 78 , loves all night parties and regularly enjoys nights out. having fun : bette adores gay clubs and frequently leaves in
the european union launched a. legal attack on gazprom on wednesday , stoking tensions. with moscow as it accused the russian gas giant of overcharging. buyers in eastern europe and hindering competition. european commission antitrust chief margrethe vestager said. gazprom was barring eu clients from selling on its gas to other. states - a particular concern in recent efforts to aid ukraine - and pressuring governments to back its pipeline interests. russian foreign minister sergei lavrov said that the charges were ` absolutely unacceptable '. the european union launched a legal attack on gazprom on wednesday , stoking tensions with moscow as it accused the russian gas giant of overcharging
a narrow two-bedroom home so small it is only 5ft wide in places has been snapped up for a staggering # 750,000. the tiny home is sandwiched between two double fronted properties on a leafy street in islington , north london. despite being only a little wider than a rugby player 's shoulders , the estate agency blurb described the property as being ` well proportioned '. scroll down for video. the tiny home -lrb- circled -rrb- , sandwiched between two other properties , which has sold for # 750,000 , is located on a leafy street in islington , north london. inside , the narrow house is only
-lrb- cnn -rrb- easter is unique on the christian calendar , a major point in the cycle of the religious year , and one that has always been able to resist the commercialization and culture warring that surrounds christmas. that 's in part because easter is genuinely about how religious impulses , and patterns , can operate in ways that affect our lives. nevertheless , i 'm often surprised by how little people , even those supposedly within the christian tradition , actually know about what is called holy week and its culmination on easter sunday. at a time when our culture is roiled by questions of identity and ethics -lrb- and tolerance -rrb- that have profound religious implications , it 's worth pausing to explore this crucial holiday -- and
geoff whitington , 63 , from ashford , kent , was made so sick by obesity-related type 2 diabetes that he had been told he may need a leg amputated. it is a toe-curling moment that many have faced : the supermarket tantrum. and geoff whitington , pouting and shouting , performs it with aplomb. ' i do n't want to ! ' is the cry when he is asked if he will try whelks. despite the wobbly bottom lip and huffy , crossed arms , geoff happens to be a 63-year-old father of four grown-up children. and in this bizarre episode of role-reversal , it is his
-lrb- cnn -rrb- a fiery sunset greeted people in washington sunday. the deep reddish color caught seattle native tim durkan 's eye. he photographed a handful of aerial shots of the sunset warming the city 's skyline and shared them on cnn ireport. the stunning sunsets were the result of raging wildfires in parts of siberia. `` the dramatic sunsets began showing up over the weekend and had seattle locals wondering where the amber-colored haze was originating from , '' durken said. the fires were started in southeastern siberia , by farmers burning grass in their fields. but on april 14 , it is believed that the
most scientists agree that a bit of stress is good for you , stimulating your body to produce an important hormone called cortisol. but too much is bad for your health and now an expert has revealed exactly why in a video. in it she reveals why prolonged periods of stress - due to money and work , for example - can inhibit the immune system and even lead to weaker bones. scroll down for video. a university of nebraska researcher has revealed why stress is bad for you in a video -lrb- still image shown -rrb-. limited periods of stress are good , as they release the hormone cortisol. this is useful in helping you recover from very tense situations. but
amid the frenetic chaos of a north east derby low on sustained quality came a goal as memorable as any scored in this fixture over the years. sunderland were the better team here. they were superior in terms of energy and creativity against a newcastle side rather inexcusably playing -- to use the term their manager hates -- with their ` flip-flops on ' once again. nothing dick advocaat 's home team did , however , was anywhere near as exquisite as the goal that won this contest for them. it was a goal seemingly taken from another day and dropped haphazardly right into the middle of a match that did
as the pictures surfaced of gwyneth paltrow on holiday with her estranged husband chris martin earlier today , jaws dropped at the actress 's super-toned figure. the star is well-known for her saintly approach to food and exercise and it continues to pay off - at 42 she has the figure of a woman half her age. gwyneth is n't alone in this new attitude to life past the age of forty - a whole host of women are looking better in their fifth decade than ever. scroll down for video. gwyneth paltrow on holiday with chris martin in puerto vallarta , mexico , last month.
we 've all inadvertently put our foot in it while trying to be helpful to a fellow human at some point or another , but what 's it like being on the receiving end of this day-in , day-out ? pretty irritating according to a new ask reddit thread , which invited members of the disabled community to list all the ways able-bodied people think they are being supportive , but end up being just the opposite. ` do n't call me an inspiration. be your own
investigators have now rescued 550 fisherman slaves from a remote indonesian island after returning to the scene of an earlier rescue to check nobody was left behind. a dramatic rescue earlier in the week led to 210 mainly-burmese nationals being identified , the vast majority of whom said they were desperate to leave the island village of benjina. those who said they wanted to stay did so because they claimed they were owed years of back pay from their bosses. an in-depth investigation by the associated press published last month led to the discovery of massive rights abuses in benjina and surrounding waters. the report traced slave-caught seafood from there to thailand where it can then
a senior aide to us senator kelly ayotte has resigned after he was arrested for allegedly soliciting a prostitute , the senator 's office said. david wihby , 61 , was arrested on friday in nashua on a misdemeanor charge for solicitation of prostitution and resigned on saturday , according to ayotte 's office. wihby has been the new hampshire republican 's state director for the last year and her number-two staffer behind the chief of staff. ayotte also called wihby her longtime friend. david wihby , 61 , was arrested on friday on a misdemeanor charge for solicitation of prostitution and stepped
-lrb- cnn -rrb- lady antebellum singer hillary scott 's tour bus caught fire on a texas freeway thursday morning , but everyone on board was safely evacuated. michael barnett captured dramatic video of the fire , on interstate 30 just northeast of dallas , and uploaded it to cnn ireport. smoke and flames poured from the rear of the bus as traffic slowed to a crawl and barnett slowly approached in his vehicle. as he drew closer to the bus , barnett decided to stop filming because he did n't know what to expect. `` it was shocking , '' he said. `` i did n't know what i was about to see. i did n't know if anyone was hurt. '' barnett said he did n't
kim sei-young will take a three-shot lead into the final round of the ana inspiration after carding a three-under-par 69 in california on saturday. the south korean , who led by two shots at the halfway stage at mission hills country club , birdied the first hole before a bogey at the par-three fifth halted her progress. kim returned to one-under par for the round when she picked up a shot at the par-five ninth , before successive birdies on the 16th and 17th moved her to three under-par for the day and 10 under overall. kim sei-young has established a three-shot lead ahead of the final round of the ana
a former ss sergeant described how so many jews were brought to the auschwitz death camp at once that he was put on a 24-hour shift guarding the ramp where they disembarked from the trains. he told in chilling detail how cattle cars full of jews were brought to the auschwitz death camp , the people stripped of their belongings and then most led directly into gas chambers. oskar groening is being tried on 300,000 counts of accessory to murder , related to a period between may and july 1944 when around 425,000 jews from hungary were brought to the auschwitz-birkenau complex in nazi-occupied poland and most immediately gassed to death. during that period , so many trains were arriving
a tiny garden gnome that appeared on the cover of the beatles ' sgt pepper 's album and was signed by all four band member has sold for # 29,000. the cardboard gnome featured alongside a host of celebrities and historic figures including actress diana dors , singer bob dylan and actor marlon brando on the psychedelic cover of the ground-breaking 1967 album. in total more than 60 celebrities appear on the famous cover including the fab four themselves - but because it would have been impossible to get all of them in a room together , waxworks and cardboard cutouts were used instead. the cardboard gnome featured alongside a host of celebrities and historic figures
the time is around 9pm on a thursday and 7,000 people are chanting ` yes ! yes ! yes ! ' in a pitch-black car park in london 's docklands. it 's been raining and the ground is damp , but we are all in our bare feet , which are going numb on the cold , hard concrete. undeterred , we keep going. there 's a drum pounding in the distance and we keep step with its beat. marianne power attended robbins ' unleash the power within seminarwhich claims to ` discover how to identify what it is you really want
a midwife has today accepted her mistakes ` contributed ' to the deaths of two babies at a scandal-hit maternity unit. marie teresa ratcliffe refused to defend herself against a raft of misconduct charges , choosing not to show up at her fitness to practise hearing at the nursing and midwifery council -lrb- nmc -rrb-. she also declined to send a lawyer in her place. the panel has been told ms ratcliffe accepts 77 allegations relating to her care and treatment of 14 patients at the scandal-hit furness general hospital in cumbria between february 2004 and september 2013. former midwife marie ratcliffe refused to defend herself against 77 misconduct charges at a fitness to
-lrb- cnn -rrb- the united states department of justice has named a new defendant in the war on drugs , and the charges are serious indeed. a 15-count indictment filed in federal court in california bristles with accusations of conspiracies , transporting prescription pharmaceuticals dispensed with illegal prescriptions , violations of the controlled substances act , misbranding charges , and money laundering charges. who is this menace to society ? fedex. yes , the courier delivery service. wait , can companies even be charged with crimes ? where would a fedex be incarcerated ? is there a corporate shawshank prison ? how does one fit a company for a prison jumpsuit ? it turns out a corporation can
women from around the world have been writing letters to convicted australian serial killer ivan milat since he was locked up in a maximum security prison twenty years ago , a new book reveals. the milat letters , is a compilation of 94 notes from milat to his eldest nephew alistair shipsey. milat is serving seven consecutive life sentences for the murders of seven backpackers in nsw between 1989 and 1992. in the letters , he tells shipsey about his ` fair share ' of ` sheilas ' , who write ` some frightening things ' - and one woman who has even proposed. ` every month someone new writes ; the latest one was from texas. she tells me she 's 25 , white. i ought
isobel attwood , 16 , has been missing for two days. a missing 16-year-old schoolgirl who vanished from her home two days ago is believed to be with a man in his 20s. isobel attwood has not made contact with her family since leaving her home in winchester , hampshire , on saturday afternoon. police are appealing for help to find the schoolgirl who is described as white , 5ft 4ins tall , of a ` small build ' and has brown hair with extensions. friends have posted on social media saying the 16-year-old is in southampton with a man in his 20s. isobel wrote a message on facebook last night
there 's no in-flight service but these pooches do n't mind - just the fact they 're still alive is a miracle. each year thousands of homeless pooches facing euthanasia - some hours away from death - get loaded on planes and flown to new homes in places where shelters are experiencing shortages. groups such as california-based wings of rescue or south carolina-based pilots n paws recruit pilots to volunteer their planes , fuel and time. the two non-profits say their concept has been a roaring success with the numbers increasing year-on-year. it 's estimated that more than 4 million u.s. pets are euthanized every year. scroll down for video. pilot pooch , do you read me ? each year thousands of homeless dogs facing euthanasia
it 's good to be taylor swift -- and for 21-year-old elizabeth scarborough , it 's good to look like taylor swift , too , particularly as the university of south carolina student has been built a career on impersonating the superstar singer. of course , it 's not just her strikingly similar resemblance to 25-year-old taylor that 's helped elizabeth book private appearances and live concerts where she performs the shake it off singer 's greatest hits ; the charleston , south carolina , native can also sing , dance , and act just like her lookalike. ' i first became a fan of her music , and it was n't until , like
-lrb- rolling stone -rrb- one summer a few years ago , frances bean cobain worked as an intern in the new york offices of rolling stone. frances -- the daughter of nirvana singer-guitarist kurt cobain and an executive producer of the new hbo documentary on his life , `` kurt cobain : montage of heck '' -- was `` a 15-year-old goth kid , so stoked , '' she recalls with a laugh during a recent interview for the cover story in our new issue. she remembers providing research assistance on a cover about the jonas brothers -- and working in a cubicle across
my teenagers demand something a bit more exciting than sand and sea from family summer holidays nowadays , and given their obsession with all things kardashian , we decided on california this year. in fact , we plumped for a classic american road trip - driving along the pacific coast highway -lrb- aka route 1 -rrb- from san francisco to los angeles. it took molly , dylan and i three weeks to do it , and we fitted so much in during that time it 's difficult to even do it justice. navigating route 1 from san fran 's iconic golden gate bridge to la , jane horrocks enjoys her road trip. san francisco is known as america 's most european city , possibly because you 'll need to pack
a michigan family have been left devastated after a state department of natural resources officer shot dead their beloved pet potbelly pig , claiming little ` caesar ' made him feel threatened while on the loose. brandy savelle and tony gervasi had caesar for two years and were recently trying to teach him to an outside animal. when caesar went missing from their home in ispheming on the weekend , the family tried to find him , and followed some tracks in the soft grass. ` when i followed the prints ... it was like a puddle of blood , at first i did n't believe it
a young english cricket fan who wrote a letter to richie benaud asking for tips on spin bowling almost 20 years ago has shared the australian cricket great 's response in the wake of his death. jonathan stevenson was just 16 years old when he asked for benaud 's advice on left-handed leg spin and he shared the lengthy response on twitter on friday as a tribute to the ` great man '. ` wrote to richie benaud when i was 16 about bowling leggies. his detailed reply says everything about the great man , ' mr stevenson , who is now a director at livewire sport , tweeted. scroll down for video. a letter from richie benaud
an australian rebel fighter has been showing off his new pet on social media after buying a tiger cub whilst fighting in syria. the photo shows a beautiful young tiger cub in the hands of a freelance rebel fighter , known as ahmed shaheed. the extravagant purchase will remain with its mother until it is old enough to become shaheed 's pet. the 28-year-old fighter from sydney , showed off his new furry investment , posting a picture of the tiger cub on his social media account. his extravagant purchase was met with surprise by one of his fellow fighters , abou shaheed al-muhajir. unwilling to reveal the cost of his furry investment , the fighter did confirm that he had bought the tiger cub from
an imam who was gunned down in the street in a murder that is thought to have links to terrorism had been replaced at his mosque by a caribbean preacher involved in an attempted coup d'état 25 years ago. abdul hadi arwani , 48 , was found slumped in a volkswagen passat on wednesday morning in wembley. the imam , described as ` the most peaceful man you could ever wish to meet ' , had gun wounds to the chest. he was said to have been embroiled in dispute with his former workplace , the an-noor mosque in acton , where he had been replaced by hassan anyabwile from trinidad and tobago. the name
at his heaviest he tipped the scales at a mind-boggling 70st. but after losing two thirds of his body wight in just five years paul mason now faces a new challenge - ridding himself of the unsightly rolls of skin he longer needs. the brit , from ipswich , suffolk , managed to shed a staggering 46st after gastric bypass surgery in 2010 but the nhs have refused to give him an operation to remove his 7st of excess skin. scroll down for video. now : paul mason , pictured in hospital last month when he was treated for an infection in his leg , once tipped
a utah father 's ` awesome fun zone ' for his children will be forced down by city officials who did n't appreciate his out-of-the-box thinking and called the cardboard castle in his front yard ` junk '. jeremy trentelman , 36 , of ogden , last week built a giant box fort for his three-year-old son max and two-year-old daughter story , that included trap doors and a small slide. the father , who works as a florist arranging intricate displays , was greeted with a letter from code enforcement city officials one day later saying that his creation must be scrapped. scroll down for video. city code enforcement officials in ogden , utah , have told resident jeremy trentelman to take down the elaborate box fort he built for his
we 've all been there - the moment on a date when the conversation suddenly stalls. it might be midway through the meal or even ten minutes into the starter and you are both fumbling around for something to say that will end the silence. usually at this point , the awkwardness takes over and all ability to converse fails , leaving both parties gawping at each other. scroll down for video. a big pitfall in dinner dates can be the awkward silence - the moment when both parties struggle to think of a topic of conversation -lrb- picture posed by models -rrb-. but a tumblr blog called conversation sparks
on thursday night , the great and good of fashion and showbiz gathered to help one man celebrate the launch of his new shop. but this was no ordinary shop - this was burberry chief creative and chief executive officer christopher bailey 's new beverley hills flagship. over 700 guests , including superstars cara delevingne , suki waterhouse , mila kunis , elton john , rosie huntington-whiteley , anna wintour and the entire beckham brood , turned out to support their pal christopher at the london in los angeles event at griffith observatory. so how does one man have so many a-list friends ? and how did he turn burberry into the world 's coolest brand , notching
a company has copped a spray after making the ` tasteless decision ' to link its product to the tragic murder of school teacher stephanie scott. pest control company mortein posted a picture to the account of its mascot , louie the fly , along with ' #putyourdressout ' , which was a widely shared hashtag in support of ms scott. the post was accompanied by the caption : ` even a nasty bug like me can sense it 's been a sad week for our great country.i 'm putting my vest out to support # putyourdressout. enjoy this sunday with your family. it 's precious. ' mortein has copped a spray after making the `
8,000 women in their 70s are diagnosed and treated for breast cancer. noreen spendlove was reassured when the results of her latest mammogram were normal. noreen , then 68 , had the scan as part of the nhs breast cancer screening programme , and as she says : ` as always , getting the all-clear was a big relief. ' but 18 months later , shortly before her 70th birthday , the mother-of-three from derbyshire developed intermittent pain in her left side , just below her breast. and although noreen , a former administrator , was n't concerned , her daughter , a radiographer , insisted she see a gp. despite finding nothing abnormal , the gp referred noreen for a mammogram.
the life of a 16-year-old girl stabbed to death at a connecticut school a year ago on the day of prom was celebrated saturday by hundreds of people with a road race , fried food and live music. wearing shirts in maren sanchez 's favorite color of purple , the crowd filled a baseball field behind milford 's jonathan law high school , where she was attacked and killed in a hallway on april 25 , 2014. a classmate , christopher plaskon , has been charged with murder. after a week of somber remembrances at the school , her classmates and event organizers said the idea was to remember sanchez on the anniversary of her death as she would have wanted
alastair cook and jonathan trott are the sixth english pair to score more than 100 runs together on 10 occasions , and the england captain is part of three of them. they follow :. 1. hobbs and sutcliffe -lrb- 1924-30 -rrb- -- 15. 2. cook and strauss -lrb- 2006-12 -rrb- -- 14. 3. cook and pietersen -lrb- 2006-13 -rrb- -- 13. 4. trescothick and vaughan -lrb- 2000-05 -rrb- -- 10. 5. bell and pietersen -lrb- 2005-14 -rrb- -- 10. 6. cook and trott -lrb- 2009-15 -rrb- -- 10. jonathan trott -lrb- left -rrb- and alastair cook shake hands after reaching their 10th hundred partnership. standing tall. remarkably , their opening-stand century was england 's first in test cricket for more than two years
alan davey controversially laid bare the difficulties of the station 's top job in an interview on radio 4 's feedback programme. the controller of bbc radio 3 has branded audiences ignorant and claims broadcasting classical music has become more challenging as a result. alan davey controversially laid bare the difficulties of the station 's top job in an interview on radio 4 's feedback programme. mr davey was asked about changes to general classical music knowledge over the last 30 years. he said : ` if you look back at the third programme -lrb- the original name for radio 3 -rrb- , they were bringing high culture to a relatively mass audience but
they like to play a bit of queen at bournemouth 's little home in the minutes before their matches start. they might be better served singing the grand old duke of york. only those 10,000 men on that hill could possibly relate to the absurdities of bournemouth 's afternoon engagement with sheffield wednesday. in sequence , they went from top to third to second to top to second again in the space of one 2-2 draw. they are neither up nor down ; they are neither falling apart nor running away with the loot. how delightfully fitting in this remarkable season of championship
laos is a popular tourist destination known for its beautiful scenery and ornate temples , however not many people venture below the surface and discover that what is underground is perhaps even more spectacular. the wondrous tham khoun ex caves are so exquisite they do n't look real at first , which is perhaps why locals believe that spirits inhabit the underground wonderland. cave photographer , john spies , 59 , captured the sheer magnificence of the vast , yet intricate , underground wonderland. enormous banks of terraced flowstone decorate the walls of the cave in many places. this slowly growing mound of white and orange calcite is one
when he was just three weeks old , kibulu the african lion cub met donna wilson. kibulu 's mother had rejected him in favour of his siblings and zoo keepers quickly decided it was n't safe for him to stay. so they called donna from zambi wildlife retreat in western sydney. ` we named him kibulu , which is swahili for blue , because he had these unusual electric blue eyes when he arrived , ' ms wilson told daily mail australia. nine months later , and weighing close to 80 kilograms , kibulu still shares donna 's bed most nights. he still carries his teddy bear around with him and he loves to suck on
switzerland is the world 's happiest nation thanks to healthy gdp figures , strong social bonds and an increasing life expectancy , a new study of global wellbeing has revealed. the list is dominated by european nations , particularly those in scandinavia , and measures a country 's population by factors contributing to its citizens ' contentment , rather than wealth. britons are happier now than they were two years ago , the study found , but still ranks in at a relatively lowly 21st place. and despite often mocking its northern neighbour as an inferior nation , the united states is a full 10 places below canada , ranking at 10th and fifth respectively. unsurprisingly the world 's
from blasting aliens and escaping charging warlocks to bluffing on poker sites , online gaming can be intense. now there 's a mouse designed to let geeks continue their gaming adventures without working up a sweat -- on their hands at least. a mouse called ventus x has a built-in honeycomb grill to let the skin breathe and a rugged coating so sweaty gamers can continue to the accessory. no sweat : now there 's a mouse designed to let geeks continue their gaming adventures without working up a sweat -- on their hands at least. the venus x -lrb- pictured -rrb-
indigenous australian models have yet to make a significant impact on the runway but an exclusively aboriginal modelling agency is in the swing of changing that cultural fashion landscape. the first name that comes to mind when thinking of aboriginal models for even the most die-hard of fashionistas is samantha harris who was one of the most prominent faces during mercedes-benz fashion week australia in sydney this week. the only other indigenous face to join the 24-year-old stunner at the biggest week on the country 's fashion calendar over the past two years is lauren feenstra. on the rise : adina-lee vincent is one of the many emerging models signed with aboriginal model management australia. gaining ground : the agency started
the son of a bulgarian housekeeper has been accepted in to all eight ivy league schools -- and a further ten big league universities. stefan stoykov , a senior at north central high school in indianapolis , indiana , moved to the us from bulgaria as an eight-year-old when he could not speak a word of english. now 18 , he has been accepted into some of the finest schools on the planet -- and admits he can hardly believe it. scroll down for video. top of the class : stefan stoykov has been accepted in to all eight ivy league schools -- and a further
every year a trend comes around that strikes fear into the hearts of women. whether it is crocs , hotpants or ugg boots , everyone has their achilles heel and this summer many will be concerned about the arrival of the septum piercing. in recent months , a whole host of stars have been wearing the body jewellery , including fka twigs , rihanna and lady gaga. fka twigs has been one of the main trendsetters when it comes to the septum ring. the septum ring is n't a new trend - the process of piercing the wall between the two nostrils has been done for years. it was a coming-of-age ritual for some north
a teenager is in intensive care after he drunkenly slid down a glass shopping centre roof and crashed onto stone steps. jacob polyakov cracked his head on the floor after plunging off the edge of the sec ` globe ' centre in kiev , ukraine. his friend jamal maslow , who fell off the roof first , broke his coccyx after landing on the corner of one of the steps. witnesses rushed over to the teenagers , both 17 , after the accident and found mr maslow in huge amounts of pain. mr polyakov was unconscious. pavel yaremenko was at the shopping centre and said the problems started when the boys began to ` fool around ' at the top of the building. the 29-year-old said :
horrific cctv footage has emerged of a husband smashing his dancer wife 's head into concrete paving 11 times then shooting her in the face five times. he later confessed that he 'd carried out the brutal act ` because he was jealous of men looking at her '. sickening video captured on security cameras shows crazed milton vieira severiano , 32 , dragging the limp body of dancer cicera alves de sena , 29 , into the garden of their apartment in the city of rio de janeiro in eastern brazil. horrific cctv footage has emerged of a husband smashing his dancer wife 's head into concrete paving 11 times then shooting her in the face
-lrb- cnn -rrb- there will be no hate crime charges for two males arrested in the beating of a man that may have been sparked by a question about the 2014 shooting of michael brown. st. louis police have charged ronald williams , 21 , with assault. a 15-year-old has also been arrested , according to authorities. there had been speculation that the suspects might be charged with a hate crime because the victim was white and the people who attacked him were black. and because the punches were thrown following the michael brown reference. but that wo n't be happening. `` specifically , when put in context , it did not support the finding that the acts in this case met the elements of the hate crime statute in the state of missouri , specifically proving the motivating factor behind the individual that we have charged , ed postawko with the st. louis circuit attorney
nicola sturgeon was booed last night as she refused to rule out holding a second independence vote in the next few years -- despite having earlier claimed 2014 's referendum was a ` once in a generation ' event. two years ago , miss sturgeon said of the independence vote : ` we have always said it 's a once in a generation thing. ' but last night , in an election debate on scottish tv , she said she respected last year 's result , and said she would not call for another plebiscite in the snp manifesto for the westminster election in may. scroll down for video. support : asked by mr murphy -lrb- left -rrb- where she ` wanted '
-lrb- cnn -rrb- i 've been a chef in some form or another since i was 14 years old , but i did n't become a food activist until much later. it was 2007 , and a young girl my wife mentored was found rooting through the trash just to find something to eat. that inspired me to found food policy action and become politically active in a range of food issues , from hunger to factory farms. of course , i have n't been alone in this work. one of the biggest catalysts has been `` the meatrix , '' a 2003 animation parody based on `` the matrix '' and produced by the
a cafe in the philippines is serving up artistic cups of coffee for customers who enjoy their beverages tailor made. the owner of the bunny baker cafe in manila etches customised caricatures into coffee froth at no extra cost to his clientele , even detailing local favourite , boxer manny pacquiao. graphic artist zach yonzon runs the cafe with his wife and uses steamed milk and froth as the canvas upon which he creates his masterpieces which can leave happy memories for tourists. zach yonzon uses steamed milk and froth as the canvas upon which he creates his masterpieces. and the tools of his unique trade include a spoon and a barbecue skewer , which he dips in dark chocolate. the service started out as
perched on a hotel sofa barely inches from glynis barber , i am trying , as covertly as possible , to scrutinise her rather lovely face. all peachy skin and thick , glossy locks , she also looks trim and toned in skinny jeans. it 's difficult to believe that in the next few months , the actress -- remembered by many as the glacially beautiful half of itv 's 1980s detective duo dempsey and makepeace -- will be collecting her bus pass. from where i 'm sitting , she looks barely a day over 40. it is impossible , frankly , not to wonder whether mother nature has been given a , shall we say , little helping
from awkwardly handing a beggar some change , to failing at eating a bacon sandwich , it is fair to say labour spin doctors have so far failed to make ed miliband look cool. but now twitter users are attempting to give the somewhat uninspiring party leader a makeover , by editing his face on to famous men 's bodies. from hollywood legends marlon brando and harrison ford , to astronaut neil armstrong and even tv 's latest heart-throb poldark , these images prove there is nothing that photoshop can not achieve. scroll down for video. ed , ed miliband : in an attempt to make the labour leader look cool
a woman who suffered stomach cramps and bleeding for two years was horrified to be told it was due to a tumour the size of a golf ball in her cervix. kerry hamilton was finally diagnosed with leiomyosarcoma , a rare cancer of the soft tissue normally found in women over 50. at just 34 , she was forced to undergo a hysterectomy and was devastated at the thought of not being able to have children. she now wants to raise awareness about rare cancers like leiomyosarcoma , so that other women with seemingly ` everyday ' symptoms like cramps visit their gp. kerry hamilton , 34 , had stomach cramps , bleeding and irregular periods for two years. doctors finally discovered she had a tumour
overcoming terminal cancer through healthy eating - that statement in print appears dubious at best. but it becomes completely believable when it is brought to life through the inspirational , optimistic , comeback story of a charismatic , beautiful , young woman named belle gibson. belle cast a spell through her endearing vulnerability and charming personality , collecting an enormous social media following who were enamoured with her brave account of reclaiming her health. wellness warrior belle gibson has admitted that she never had cancer and does not want forgiveness. now that belle has admitted she made her story up , we ask ourselves , how could we have fallen so hard
-lrb- cnn -rrb- it was a masterful performance. i watched in awe on thursday as cardiothoracic surgeon and celebrity talk show host mehmet oz surfed a gargantuan wave of criticism to shore. i should have expected that dr. oz would keep standing in the face of charges from a group of colleagues that he pushed `` quack treatments ... for personal financial gain. '' and thanks to the ineptitude of his critics this round , he may have actually boosted his media empire. but he 's increasingly serving himself at a cost to columbia university and new york presbyterian hospital. if dr. oz was ever going to go down
teachers are set to call for ` play in the curriculum ' for schoolchildren up to seven as this is more suitable than educating them in a formal way. many children are not ready to sit down and do reading , writing and maths when they start school at the age of four or five , according to the national union of teachers -lrb- nut -rrb-. at its annual conference in harrogate , it will say schools should follow the lead of countries like finland and introduce 45-minute lessons immediately followed by 15-minute play times. teachers want children to have more play
a five-year-old chinese girl who was left at home alone suffered broken bones and internal bleeding when she fell 150ft from a window. little jiaojiao only survived because rain canopies , laundry racks and wet grass broke her fall in zheng du city , central china. her mother , zheng jiayu , 31 , who left jiaojiao at home on her own , now can not afford the huge # 100,000 medical bill , according to people 's online daily. survivor : little jiaojiao pictured in hospital after falling from a 150ft from a window while her mother was out. jiaojiao -lrb- pictured here before the accident -rrb- only survived because rain canopies , laundry racks and
rangers boss stuart mccall has revealed he was warned about taking over at ibrox by walter smith - but insists he has made the right decision. the former light blues midfielder steered his new side to their third victory on the bounce with sunday 's 2-1 win over hearts. it was a crucial triumph that moves gers back into second place in the scottish championship and looks to have restored vital momentum ahead of the end-of-season play-offs. stuart mccall says he was warned not to take the rangers job but is pleased that he took the risk in the end. mccall has managed to unite a forlorn band of players since taking over a month ago and quickly transformed them into real promotion contenders. but he has revealed nine-in-a-row boss smith - who mccall says was the ` greatest manager ' he ever worked for
jennifer is a huge fitness fan , and the mother of two has completed triathlons. we reveal how to get the enviable physiques of the stars. this week : jennifer lopez 's arms. she 's famous for her killer curves , but jennifer lopez 's upper-body is as impeccably toned. a huge fitness fan , the mother of two has completed triathlons. she avoids sugar and salt and tries to get eight hours ' sleep a night. she claims ` sometimes when i get home and i 'm not feeling so great , i make myself go to the gym '. what to try :. modified push-ups with your knees on the floor are
this is the moment when a family of ducks followed staff back to their office and made themselves at home after staff helped them across a busy road. employees at the recruitment company had spotted the mother and ten ducklings trying to cross the busy high street in sutton coldfield , west midlands , and dashed to help them across. but they did n't bargain for the ducks following them back to the office and staying for the morning , wondering the corridors and drinking from water bowls. scroll down for video. a mother and ten ducklings waddled into an office in the west
-lrb- cnn -rrb- they left iran unwillingly , often in a hurry. it was for the best for these refugees. iran is a difficult place to be gay or lesbian. mahmoud ahmadinejad , the former president of iran , famously said during a 2007 trip to the united states , `` in iran , we do n't have homosexuals , like in your country. '' of course , they do live there , in fear of being discovered. homosexuality is illegal. you can be executed if convicted of engaging in sexual acts. kissing another person of the same sex can earn corporal punishment , like lashes.
carlo ancelotti has revealed karim benzema will miss real madrid 's la liga game at home to malaga on saturday after the frenchman limped out of training with a knee problem. benzema , who picked up the injury in tuesday 's 0-0 champions league quarter-final first leg draw at atletico madrid , should be fit for the return game at the santiago bernabeu on wednesday. ` benzema is not available -lrb- for saturday -rrb- but we will have him back for the next game , ' added the italian. real madrid striker karim benzema has been ruled out of his side 's la liga match against malaga. benzema rolls around on the floor during real madrid 's quarter-final clash against rivals atletico. losing their
do you have white spots on your nails or bleeding gums ? pimples on your arms or a dodgy stomach ? these are in fact signs your body is under stress , a nutritionist has warned. charlotte watts argues that stress drain nutrients from the body , meaning it shows up in some surprising ways. these seven symptoms are an indicator you are stressed , warns nutritionist charlotte watts. below , she recommends the best foods to get rid of each one. writing for the healthista website , she said : ` periods of stress use up nutrients more quickly. ` this is because our whole system - including energy , brain responses , hormones and immunity - is working at a
downton 's exit. we were told by mooresey -lsb- coach peter moores -rsb- that paul had been let go between sessions in the practice game against saint kitts. i think mooresey had only just found out himself. you see it when football clubs get taken over ; you tend to see different people brought in for key positions. paul was a lovely guy and i feel sorry he 's lost his job but when you get new people in , changes always happen. there have been a few names bandied around and i think straussy -lsb- andrew strauss -rsb- was considered last time the role came up a year ago , but he did n't particularly fancy it. he 's certainly a
a tiny scottish hamlet named towie is bracing itself for the world 's next gold rush - after prospectors found evidence that it sits on major deposits. the remote community in aberdeenshire does not even have a shop but local streams have been well known for grains of gold of ` significant size ' for decades. towie has been ignored by investors in favour of the oil industry but a two-year investigation has revealed the possible existence of gold deposits worth millions. a significant deposit is believed by scientists to lie somewhere near towie which shares its name with the popular
nineties style is hot right now. chokers , berry-coloured lips , round sunglasses and calvin klein logo t-shirts are all the rage with a new generation of fashion fans. but news that jnco , the brand responsible for the huge wideleg ` rave ' jeans , is set to make a comeback has horrified many of the people who wore the ridiculous pants the first time around. the return of the highly impractical jeans , which featured giant leg openings approaching 50in , has us contemplating the retro fashion nineties and noughties trends that really should be left in the past. femail rounds up the worst
tuesday night against italy could be the most important england game michael carrick has ever played. the difference between the first and the second half was like night and day. when carrick came on , england started to play. having played in his position , and alongside him , it has been frustrating to see him unappreciated in this country. we have always had a major problem keeping the ball , but carrick keeps the game simple. that 's exactly what we need. roy hodgson 's team against italy looked like he had one eye on the future , but the only future england need to be
young women no longer compare themselves to celebrities in glossy magazines but fret about how they look on facebook instead , according to a study. they use pictures on the social networking site to gauge their own appearance and see how they measure up against friends. facebook consumes 40 per cent of the time young women spend online , psychologists at the university of new south wales in australia found. comparison site : a study found women compared themselves to their friends on facebook rather than celebrities in magazines. the study , of 150 college students and staff aged 17 to 25 , found they read magazines ` infrequently ' but checked facebook every few hours. the women preferred facebook as a means of
tim cook may have described the apple watch as ` the most personal device we 've ever created ' but reports claim the gadget does n't tolerate some individual 's tattoos. owners of the coveted watch have found the timepiece 's sensors malfunction when worn on tattooed wrists. dark , vibrant ink seems to cause the watch 's heart rate monitor to lose connection and give inaccurate readings. scroll down for video. some owners of the apple watch have found that it malfunctions if worn on tattooed wrists -lrb- pictured -rrb-. some dark , vibrant ink seems to cause the watch 's
for a young man who has spent his career under the radar , the scene outside the riverside stadium on monday night was symbolic. james ward-prowse had just led england under 21s to a thrilling 3-2 victory over germany , scoring the winner after a remarkable 34-pass move. that should have guaranteed he would be besieged by well-wishers on his way to the team bus but , on this occasion , serenity reigned. ` i enjoy signing autographs and giving something back to the fans , ' said ward-prowse with a smile , ` but it was dead ! there was n't a soul around ! it was wet and windy , so everyone decided to go home. ' james
a space company. owned by amazon.com founder jeff bezos has finished work on a. rocket engine for a suborbital spaceship. called blue origin , the firm expects to begin. flight tests this year. the so-called new shepard spaceship is designed to fly three. people and/or a mix of passengers and payloads to altitudes. about 62 miles -lrb- 100 km -rrb- above earth. scroll down for video. the new shepard system will take astronauts to space on suborbital journeys , and the firm is also developing an orbital craft , shown here. it will launch from blue. origin 's west texas facility near
a 30-stone texan woman has used her eight-foot belly to entice men from around the world , including latest hubby , lance. gayla neufeld , 52 , struggled to deal with her family 's unusual legacy of piling weight around the midriff for years. but the happy couple , who live in manitoba , canada , are now using gayla 's 96-inch asset to launch her new career - as an international webcam model. scroll down for video. 30 stone gayla neufeld met her truck driver husband lance on a fat-fetish forum. she said : ` growing up i used to be ashamed of my belly but now i have a great following
a fashion designer 's 30,000 sq ft los angeles mansion , which features a two-story-tall chandelier and 22 bathrooms , is now on the market with a whopping $ 85million price tag. max azria 's home is spread across three acres in holmby hills , one of the three affluent neighborhoods that makes up the city 's ` platinum triangle ' and bordered by beverly hills and bel air. visitors to the sprawling home , dubbed maison du solei , are first greeted by a floor-to-ceiling waterfall chandelier made up of 150,000 crystals. there are 17 bedrooms to choose from and 60 rooms to explore , and that 's not even counting the guesthouse and 6,000 sq ft movie theater , complete with its own popcorn and snack bar. the kitchen
they say every cloud has a silver lining , but not every cloud has an outline like this one. a northern territory mother was lost for words after she spotted a phallic cloud on a work break last week. labourer noeleen foster was thrilled to capture the suggestively shaped formation above zuccoli -25 km southeast from darwin - on friday morning. a phallic shaped cloud which appeared last week in zuccoli , 25km southeast of darwin. the mother of-four told daily mail australia she snapped the pornographic precipitation from the civil construction site where she works. ' i was pretty shocked when i saw it. i could n't believe my eyes - it seems even mother nature has a sense of humour ! '
hillary clinton has garnered one of her first major endorsements in run bid for the white house : the nation 's largest lesbian political action committee. the group , lpac , launched lesbians4hillary on monday to support the former first lady 's bid to become the nation 's first female president. lesbians4hillary , co-chaired by pioneering tennis great billie jean king , said : ` hillary clinton is a proven leader and she has a strong track record when it comes to inclusion -- specifically for women and the lgbtq community. scroll down for video. tennis star billie jean king -lrb- right -rrb- is co-chairing the lesbians4hillary campaign. king , pictured with clinton in 2008 , helped run the former fiirst lady 's 2008 women for hillary clinton wing. king , pictured with clinton in 2001 , said : ` hillary clinton is a proven leader and she has
on sunday , 36,000 runners took to the streets of london for the 26.2 mile virgin money london marathon. for one couple however , these streets became a 26 mile aisle where they exchanged vows en route. cancer research uk runners paul and laura elliott decided to do something different for their wedding day and combined their love for running and their love for each other , whilst also raising vital funds for a charity very close to their hearts. fitness fans paul and laura elliott decided to do something different for their wedding day and combined their love for running and their love for each other by tying the knot at the london marathon. unfortunately paul , 41 , lost his father to bowel cancer 19 years ago and so by running this weekend 's marathon
-lrb- cnn -rrb- if there was ever any doubt that the obama administration 's clean power plan is an energy policy plan , not a carbon reduction plan , all you have to do is look at how they treat nuclear energy. nuclear is our largest source of carbon-free energy , generating over 60 % of our carbon-free electricity. surely president barack obama 's climate plan , allegedly aimed at reducing the united states ' overall carbon emissions , would revitalize the nuclear industry , lead to increased plant construction and help meet aggressive carbon reduction targets. well , think again. james hansen , the former head of nasa 's goddard institute for space studies , said in 2013 that `` continued opposition to nuclear power threatens humanity 's ability to
jurgen klopp rejected the overtures of west ham united after handing in his notice at borussia dortmund. no matter , it was worth a try. now on to the next one. if rafael benitez wants to return to english football after leaving napoli maybe he can be persuaded to take over a project that includes a move to the iconic olympic stadium in a year 's time. west ham need a coach of high ambition to underline the size of the venture. sam allardyce is n't that man. he had his chance and did not take it. allardyce has often talked of the qualities he could bring to an elite club , but the momentum
still employed : rolling stone is not expected to take any action against sabrina rubin erdely , whose reporting was roundly discredited. an independent review of rolling stone 's story about an alleged violent gang rape at the university of virginia said the story fell apart because of ` basic , even routine ' failures of journalism. professors at the columbia university graduate school of journalism issued a 12,000-word autopsy of the discredited story sunday night , going through its shortcomings step by step. rolling stone bosses commissioned the review after the story , by contributing editor sabrina rubin erdely , was called
bikini-clad models needed a head for heights as they took to this catwalk in china - 2,000 metres high on a mountainside. the girls put aside their fear of heights as they paraded along the narrow footpath in red bikinis and black high heels in a ` test of their composure ' as part of a chinese beauty pageant. the challenge was part of the central china stage of the annual miss bikini of the universe contest , which has been running since 2005 , according to the people 's daily online. do n't look down : models at a beauty pageant look a little unsure as they stand on a glass walkway , 2,000 metres up in luoyang.
when it comes to glamour , the bride is expected to be the centre of attention on her big day. but when andy murray and his long-term girlfriend tie the knot today , kim sears will have stiff competition from the mothers. judy murray , 55 , who has had a makeover since her appearance on strictly come dancing last year , is said to have spent months planning her outfit. but she could be outshone by leonore sears , 53 , who has long been admired on the tennis circuit by gentlemen of a certain vintage. scroll down for video. glamorous : kim 's mother leonore sears , 53 , centre , has long been admired by those on the
a jealous boyfriend who ` fattened up ' his partner in a ploy to put off any love rivals has popped the question. attractive yan tai weighed just over seven stone when she began dating you pan in south china 's guangdong province. but two years on when you asked her to marry him she was almost unrecognizable , according to the people 's daily. yan tai weighed just over seven stone when she began dating you pan -lrb- right -rrb- but two years on and the pretty 20-year-old has ballooned to over 14 stone -lrb- left -rrb-. yan 's weight had almost doubled - after she ballooned up to 14 stone
jimi manuwa is confident he can return to winning ways , by the method he knows best. the londoner takes on jan blachowicz tonight , more than a year after he suffered his first defeat to alexander gustafsson. and manuwa does n't expect to spend more than 10 minutes in the octagon. jimi manuwa confident he can forget about his first career loss and defeat polish fighter jan blachowicz. ` my training camp in sweden has gone perfectly , ' he said. ` i did the camp in stockholm and then the last two weeks in london with my team. i 've got the team here with me now
you would think that all water is created equal , but a raft of new ` enhanced ' h20 products shows that things in the water business are changing , and fast. we 're no longer happy posing with perrier , fiji or evian branded bottles. nowadays those in the know are downing bottles of birch , made from the sap of silver birch trees , sipping on glasses of liquid extracted from artichokes or opting for specially harvested and filtered rainwater. drink up ! forget tap water , we 're now being sold a raft of infused and health-boosting h20s. sweet tasting birch water contains saponins which can
the husband of missing woman jessica bialek has posted a heartfelt thank you on social media to everyone who helped bring his wife home. the sydney photographer returned to her husband sabino matera and their daughter on thursday evening after she vanished on the way to the bank around 8.30 am on wednesday morning. confirming the 37-year-old was safe , mr matera wrote on facebook : ` dear world of friends and family , i am here to express my most sincere gratitude for the amazing support from all of you. ` the last 24hr have been hell for me and my family and you all made a huge positive impact on the great outcome
by her own admission , michelle o'clee 's story of heartbreak and deception reads like the plot of a best-selling novel. a devoted wife , she was cruelly duped by her bigamist husband -- who explained away his long absences with a web of lies involving secret safe houses , witness protection , police escorts and serious fraud. it was not until pictures of him doing the ice bucket challenge with his new bride were spotted on facebook that the awful truth emerged. now , michelle , 39 , has spoken of her shock and anguish at discovering that her husband of six years had
ed miliband last night repeatedly refused to admit he had got it wrong over the past five years about jobs , crime and the effect of tuition fees. labour has previously confidently predicted that the coalition 's austerity programme would see unemployment and crime soar , and the number of poor students going to university fall. but , in each case , the opposite has happened -- and last night the party 's leader was challenged over whether this called into question the judgment of him and his team. scroll down for video. the labour leader rejected a string of statistics read out by evan davis on how the situation in all three cases had improved
danny alexander has finally replied to the infamous note left in the treasury by a labour predecessor , saying there was ` no money ' left. liam byrne , who was chief secretary to the treasury under gordon brown , left a memo on his desk after labour 's election defeat in 2010. the memo , found by his liberal democrat successor david laws , said : ` dear chief secretary , i 'm afraid that there is no money. kind regards and good luck. ' mr alexander , the present chief secretary , today finally got round to sending a letter to mr byrne apologising for the late reply -- saying it was because he had been
this is the cringe-making moment ed miliband was mobbed by a screaming hen party -- and even let the bride on his tour bus for a ` selfie '. the labour leader was jokingly referred to as the stripper after his battle bus was gatecrashed by bride-to-be nicola braithwaite and her friends. one of the group from knutsford spotted the leader 's bus when she popped outside the westminster hotel for a cigarette and quickly alerted the bride. after brief negotiations with his spin doctors , the solicitor was allowed on the bus and emerged grinning after a few minutes in a white and blue dress , saying : ' i got a full on picture with him '. scroll down for video. ed miliband was mobbed by a screaming hen party --
the residence : inside the private world of the white house. by kate andersen brower. -lrb- harper # 18.99 -rrb-. for americans , the white house is as iconic and royal a palace as you can get. for non-americans , it is a respected power symbol , but not one to be especially loved. kate brower , an american journalist assigned to cover the obama white house , became intrigued by the workings of the mansion after watching downton abbey.she set about interviewing the staff , who number at least 100 , to build up a comparable picture of the american version of upstairs , downstairs.
it was meant to be the ultimate symbol of menace : carving ' 666 ' into his forehead. but in a phenomenal case of idiocy , convicted murderer nikko jenkins used a mirror - so the numbers came out backwards. the symbol is described in the biblical book of revelation as ` the sign of the beast ' , and has since been popularized by the horror movie the omen. however , with a series of upside-down 9s , jenkins has fashioned himself an entirely unique - and irreversible - engraving. botched : nikko jenkins -lrb- pictured in 2014 -rrb- recently tried to carve ' 666 ' into his forehead but did it backwards. according
-lrb- cnn -rrb- in russia 's tightly-managed democracy , where being an opposition politician can seriously damage your health , chances to question the country 's leader are rare. president vladimir putin cuts an isolated figure , closely guarded behind the walls of the kremlin , traveling to-and-fro by helicopter or high-speed motorcade. his almost daily appearances on state television often show him in formal meetings with subordinates , or visiting dignitaries. interaction with ordinary russians is usually carefully controlled and fleeting. that is why this annual q&a session -- in which putin will spend hours fielding questions from the general public on live television -- is
inspired by the post-impressionistic era of the belle epoque , the newly-opened maison souquet may just be the most provocative hotel in paris. considered by many to be the most romantic city in the world , the city of lights ' latest overnight offering takes a page from the maisons closes , the turn-of-the-century pleasures houses that were frequented by socialites and aesthetes. situated just steps from the famed moulin rouge , this pigalle haunt is the perfect blend of opulent and edginess. the newly-opened parisian hotel , maison souquet , may just be the more provocative hotel in the entire city of lights. the property may be difficult to find , tucked away behind an unmarked facade , and signalled only by two red
a mother has voiced her fear after scientific tests have failed to explain why oranges are turning an inexplicable tone of purple in her house. angela postle , from maroochydore in southeast queensland , stumbled upon the bizarre spectacle last month after slicing some oranges she bought from a local supermarket. the mother-of-five sent the fruit of to queensland environmental health branch for testing , but their first round of scientific tests were to no avail. ` i 'm very worried because i feed my kids a lot of oranges and fruit. we need answers because this could be a more widespread problem , ' ms postle told daily mail
so it seems you are either with me or firmly against me : there does n't appear to be a middle ground after my comments about tim krul. it is a week since i criticised newcastle united 's goalkeeper for appearing to congratulate jermain defoe at half-time during the wear-tyne derby after the sunderland striker beat him with a brilliant volley. i 'm still struggling to work out why krul did what he did. i have nothing against krul , personally or professionally. he 's been one of the few players who have performed consistently for newcastle in recent seasons , which led to him being part of holland 's world cup squad last
steaming into action , the lovingly restored locomotives of the world 's most popular heritage railway have kicked off their three day spring gala. the classic steam engines took to the tracks of the north yorkshire moors railway today , hauling passengers between pickering and whitby. in scenes that harked back to a bygone age , the perfectly restored steam engines were out in force on the scenic railway for the three-day spring steam gala which saw crowds flock to witness the annual event. scroll down for video. the classic steam engines took to the tracks of the north yorkshire moors railway today , hauling passengers between pickering and whitby. early this morning a team of firemen , fitters and cleaners
it marks the moment when the civilised world entered the dark ages and some of the most spectacular societies in the world disappeared. now one historian claims he has unraveled what may have lead to the downfall of ancient egypt and other bronze age civilisations collapse. he claims they were hit by a ` perfect storm ' of disasters 3,200 years ago that left the ancient egyptians , the babylonians , minoans and mycenians unable to cope. the sphinx and pyramids at giza -lrb- above -rrb- hint at the power of ancient egyptian civilisation before it collapsed. as each of these great
she might be celebrating her 75th birthday , but an overjoyed queen margrethe of denmark looked far younger as she waved to excited crowds from the balcony at the amalienborg palace. the danish monarch was joined on the balcony by her sons , crown prince frederik , 46 , and prince joachim , 45 , who were with her again for a procession down copenhagen shopping street strøget to the københavns rådhus -lsb- city hall -rsb- for a slap-up lunch. and the two were by margrethe 's side once again in the evening when the danish royals welcomed royals from all corners of europe to fredensborg castle for a
-lrb- cnn -rrb- just as mimeograph machines and photocopiers were in their day , online activity -- blogs , youtube channels , even social media platforms like facebook and twitter -- have fully emerged as the alternative to traditional mainstream media. it is not just the low cost of posting online that attracts dissidence , though that in itself is liberating. it is the lack of access to traditional print and broadcast media in authoritarian countries that is really the driving force leading disaffected voices to post online. it is not unique to asia , but it might seem more pronounced if you live there. going online has
ruby walsh is renowned as one of the greatest jockeys of all time but he also showed what a fine horseman he is on the second circuit of the grand national. walsh , a two-time winner of the national , acted as flag man to warn the field to go wide at the canal turn as vets tended to the stricken balthazar king. thankfully , phillip hobbs 's gelding was able to walk away from his fall , as was walsh 's mount ballycasey. ruby walsh -lrb- right -rrb- warned riders that balthazar king was receiving treatment. balthazar king receives treatment as riders gallop past. balthazar king received treatment from a vet on the
an engaged couple have joined forces and lost a combined weight of 11st in time for their big day after the bride-to-be was bullied about her size. holly beard , 24 , and her fiance steve hancock , 27 , from adderley green , staffordshire , tipped the scales at over 41st between them when they set a date for their big day in january last year. but holly decided to slim down when she was teased at the opticians where she worked after her boss brought in a cake as a treat. scroll down for video. holly beard and steve hancock reached a combined weight of 41st after moving in together. before she could tuck in , a member of the public shouted at her
perched on the rooftops of tall buildings in cities across the world , a french photographer has captured the essence of what people do when they 're alone , in places where they 're surrounded by millions of other people. in her photography project , inside views , floriane de lassee spots movement in the standstill of the night - she finds lone beating hearts who still have the light on when everyone else is sleeping. ` no matter whether it 's paris or istanbul. i do not photograph cities , but an imaginary city that inhabits each megalopolis. it is the product of the man 's
a kitten which miraculously survived a seven-storey fall is on the road to recovery after it was found lying on the ground covered in maggots and blood. the six-month-old had fallen from a building in zetland , inner-east of sydney , last month and sustained serious injuries. it was taken in by a local vet clinic , my vet animal hospital , who shared the story of aptly-named ` seven ' on social media. since then , the cat has won the hearts of many who have donated funds to help pay for the his hefty medical bills and surgeries. and now he is on the hunt for a new home. a kitten which miraculously survived a seven-storey fall is on the road to recovery after it
` if you can find my submarine , it 's yours , ' russian oil billionaire roman abramovich once said. and it seems the oligarch and chelsea fc owner , whose submarine is just one of the extras that came with his # 300million superyacht eclipse -lrb- perfect for getting to shore undetected -rrb- , is not the only wealthy businessman splashing out on underwater exploration. dubbed earth 's real ` final frontier ' , the oceans are still so little-explored that billionaires are queuing up to buy vessels that give them a glimpse of the dramatic seascapes and incredible wildlife of the
if you ever need proof that a healthy lifestyle can give you the body of your dreams , just take a look at rosie huntington-whiteley 's latest lingerie campaign snaps. the supermodel , who follows a strict clean and lean diet , showcases her super toned body in new imagery to promote her lingerie range for autograph at m&s. the 27-year-old models her new summer sleepwear collection , which is full of mix and match pieces featuring sophisticated hues of slate blue and silver with colour pops of peach and floral prints. rosie huntington-whiteley , who follows a strict clean and lean diet , showcases her super toned body in new imagery to promote her lingerie range for autograph at m&s. rosie for autograph
supernan : eileen mason , 92 , saved her friend from a would-be robber by ramming him with her scooter. a 92-year-old great-grandmother has told of how she saved her 75-year-old friend from a mugger - by ramming him with her mobility scooter. eileen mason and margaret seabrook had been to a lunch club meeting in swindon , wiltshire , when an ` evil looking ' man suddenly appeared from behind a fence. according to the two pensioners , the man initially attempted to get his hands on the contents of mrs seabrook 's scooter basket , before grabbing mrs mason by the arm and reaching
everton striker romelu lukaku dealt with racism as a youngster by using it as an added motivation to score goals. the belgium international revealed he encountered abuse playing in youth teams back in his homeland but found the perfect response. ' i did n't suffer too much but when you hear it for the first time you are like ` oh my god ' , ' said the 21-year-old , speaking at a kick it out session at a school in liverpool. romelu lukaku applauds the everton fans after a hard-fought 1-0 victory over burnley at goodison park. lukaku hailed the work rate of strike partner arouna kone , who allows him to focus on scoring more goals. ` but i just responded by scoring goals. i used it as motivation. '
of all the people to be wary of getting caught on camera doing something incredulous , you would think a tv news reporter would know better. but britt mchenry , a washington d.c.-based sports reporter for espn , has been suspended from her position after an ugly and offensive rant she unleashed on a hapless tow truck company employee surfaced online this week. the 28-year-old , who hails from new jersey , had her car towed from the parking lot of a chinese restaurant in arlington , virginia , and the verbal attack was captured on a security camera as she paid to pick the vehicle up at the tow lot office. ` i 'm in the news
it was supposed to be a joyous easter sunday celebration , but the brunch turned into yet another drama for tori spelling , who suffered an accident causing her to be hospitalized. according to eyewitnesses at benihana 's japanese restaurant in encino , california , tori , hubby dean mcdermott , their kids , liam , stella , hattie and finn , and a few other guests , had enjoyed their easter brunch , when tori tripped and fell onto a hot japanese style grill used to prepare food in front of customers. tori had been laughing and having fun with her family at easter brunch , ' says a source , ` when she got up to leave and tripped , falling backwards on
angelique kerber rallied past madison keys to win the family circle cup on sunday , capturing six of the last seven games for a 6-2 , 4-6 , 7-5 victory. this was kerber 's fourth wta title and first since linz in 2013. the german broke serve five times against an opponent who had n't lost serve all week. kerber fell to the ground and covered her face in celebration when keys ' final shot sailed long. kerber had defeated friend , countrywoman and defending champion andrea petkovic in the semifinals. angelique kerber -lrb- centre -rrb- celebrates her victory in charleston with the local ball
she 's done a very good job at keeping her personal life under wraps for many years. but on monday stana katic left a big cat out of the bag - she has married longtime boyfriend , business consultant kris brkljac , who she is hardly ever seen with in public. the walk down the aisle took place on the same weekend as the castle star 's 37th birthday. scroll down for video. married ! stana katic and business consultant kris brkljac , spotted at the 2012 elton john academy awards viewing party in la in february 2012 , wed in croatia over the weekend. it 's official :
an aspiring country singer from west virginia has become a viral sensation after he posted a video of himself online singing to his uncle who has down syndrome. travis hatfield , 21 , from gilbert , west virginia sung a george jones hit to his 47-year-old uncle , jamie joe cline. ` he is a big part in my life and i do n't know what i would do without him. he 's one of the sweetest people i have ever met , ' wrote travis on his facebook page. sweet serenade : travis hatfield sung a george jones song to his 47-year-old uncle , jamie joe cline , who has down syndrome. the video went viral onine. `
france legend serge betsen tells sportsmail where he thinks clermont 's clash with saracens at stade geoffrey-guichard will be won ... head to heads. wesley fofana v brad barritt. if there is one genius in french rugby at the moment , it 's wesley fofana. the kid is so talented and skilful that something happens every time he gets the ball so saracens will need to focus on him. he is up against brad barritt , who is not as easy on the eye but is a very solid unit for saracens -- hence why they have made him captain. he reminds me of former british lions flanker richard hill -- someone you do n't really notice but is so important for the team. clermont centre wesley fofana was in scintillating
cairo -lrb- cnn -rrb- mohamed morsy went from prison to the presidency. and now he 's going back to prison. the ousted president was convicted on charges of violence and inciting violence and sentenced to 20 years in prison for the torture of protesters outside the presidential palace in december 2012. but he was acquitted of murder in the deaths of protesters. he stood trial with 14 co-defendants , including some of his presidential staff. all 14 co-defendants were also convicted of violence and inciting violence , and all were also acquitted of murder. morsy , who became egypt 's first democratically elected president in june 2012 , was deposed by a popularly backed military
there was no special treatment for lewis ferguson at paul nicholls 's yard on thursday morning. the 18-year-old was mucking out the stables as usual , just a cut on the nose to show for the fall which has made him an internet sensation. ferguson 's spectacular double somersault fall from the favourite merrion square in the 4.20 pm at wincanton has been watched hundreds of thousands of times online. but he was back riding out and is undeterred from getting back in the saddle. amateur jockey lee lewis
-lrb- cnn -rrb- the world 's seventh-largest economy is heading toward collapse. an economic powerhouse conservatively valued at $ 24 trillion , one that annually churns out the equivalent of $ 2.5 trillion , is under assault. however , i am not referring to one of the g8 economies , but to the `` super economy '' of the ocean. it 's one that for far too long has been ignored and taken for granted -- and it is going downhill fast. the health and wealth of the ocean are assessed in a wwf report released thursday , reviving the ocean economy. the report is the result of a hard economic analysis performed by the boston
the location is excellent - a trendy borough of london , close to local amenities and a stone 's throw from transport into the city. in your generous double room you would be afforded access to a newly refurbished kitchen and a smart bathroom , which you would share with two young italian women and an english gentleman. the price ? a mere # 400 a month. there is just one small catch , however. the ceiling leaks onto the bed - and there does n't seem to be any plan to fix it. scroll down for video. in an advert posted on gumtree , the rather honest letting agent has posted candid pictures of the cracked ceiling in the otherwise smart , modern and generous bedroom. a
with her mother by her side and nanny maria teresa turrion borrallo already in charge of the nursery , the duchess of cambridge wo n't be short of help when the new baby arrives. but carole middleton and ms borrallo are n't the only ones on standby as the birth of the spare to prince george 's heir approaches. waiting in the wings is kate 's fiercely loyal inner circle , a mix of school friends , society types and family members such as younger sister pippa. so who 's who ? femail reveals who will be helping the duchess as she gets to grips with life as a mother of two.
newcastle boss john carver accepts the pressure is on as his side head into their final six games with their top-flight status still not secured. the magpies slipped to a fifth successive barclays premier league defeat at liverpool on monday , a result that did little to ease fears they could yet be sucked into relegation trouble. newcastle remain in the relative safety of 13th place with 35 points but the sides below them have been eating into their cushion. they are nine points above the relegation zone but with some awkward-looking games in their run-in , including this weekend 's home clash with tottenham and matches against fellow battlers leicester , west brom
set side by side it 's hard to believe they 're the same person. one with his shy smile , steady gaze and dark hair. the other , five decades on , pouting beneath razor sharp cheek bones , sunken eyes and platinum blond hair. these exclusive pictures obtained by daily mail online show dermatologist and cosmetic surgeon to the stars , dr fredric brandt , the year he graduated from frank h morrell high , irvington , new jersey. they were taken at the age of 18 , when he was , in his own words , just ` a jewish kid from newark , ' and before he
bayern munich cruised to a 6-1 victory against champion 's league rivals porto last night. but not all eyes were on the pitch for the whole 90 minutes , as the german club 's manager pep guardiola broke the highly dramatic atmosphere with a moment of sartorial comedy. to put it bluntly , he split his pants. a flash of upper thigh and navy boxers made themselves known as he strode up and down the touchline shouting commands at his players. scroll down for video. sartorial slip-up : bayern munich manager pep guardiola runs through tactics with his players , while ignoring the draft that
last week , a handful of british tech fanatics took delivery of the first highly sought-after apple watches. but it 's only one example of a new generation of watches designed to do far more than just tell the time. and while these smartwatches might sound as if they 're just for tech-savvy geeks , whether you 're a fitness fanatic , want to track your sleep and calorie intake or simply like the idea of checking your emails on your wrist , there 's a watch that could make your life easier. life & style investigates ... best for beginners. pebble watch , from # 99 , getpebble.com. the pebble was one of the earliest
fans of the beloved musical the sound of music have a chance to get their hands on their own pair of authentic von trapp family lederhosen , as costumes from the iconic film go up for auction at the end of the month. worn by the von trapp children throughout much of the movie , the flamboyant regalia is made by maria - played by julie andrews -- at the start of the film to add a splash of color to the siblings ' drab uniforms. now , seven of the costumes from the 1965 classic , along with a vhs cassette tape of the film signed by actor dan truitt , who played rolff von trapp , are expected to fetch $ 800,000 when they are auctioned off
a petition has been launched asking for sunrise 's samantha armytage to apologise for comments she made on-air last month , dubbed by some viewers as ` racist '. the cause of controversy came when the 37-year-old interviewed non-identical twins from the uk , lucy and maria aylmer , who have become a sensation around the world due to their opposite skin tones. introducing the 18-year-olds , armytage congratulated ginger-haired lucy on getting ` her dad 's fair skin , ' saying ` good on her. ' controversy : sunrise host samantha armytage has come under fire for a comment made during a sunrise broadcast last month. ` the aylmer twins come from a mixed race family
london -lrb- cnn -rrb- congolese immigrant tarsis mboma thale has a small business selling t-shirts in johannesburg , south africa. thale 's job normally requires him to walk the streets of the city he has called home for the past few years. but at the moment , he says , this is not an option. because he is simply too afraid. the reason is a wave of anti-immigrant violence that has swept the country in recent days , leaving several dead as authorities scrambled to detain those responsible and prevent further bloodshed. the cause of this surge in violence is murky ,
walmart is coming under fire following a recent incident in tuscon , arizona where a thief was able to shoot of rounds from a weapon after stealing it from their store. mario valencia took a rifle from the super store on february 19 and was able to start firing it as soon as he left , something that should have been impossible due to the gun locks that are required on all weapons. this after he demanded bullets from a woman inside the store guarding the ammunition case , who did as instructed and then immediately notified authorities. scroll down for video. mario valencia -lrb- above -rrb- took a rifle from a
a deskbound worker has used a gopro camera to capture a unique view of his boring office job , turning even the most mundane day-to-day tasks into a high octane activities. daniel williams , from toronto , filmed himself doing everything from sealing envelopes and sending emails to making cups and coffee and going to the bathroom , before editing all of the clips together to offer an action-packed perspective of his regular daily life. the video , which is titled ` boring office job gopro commercial ' , has clearly struck a chord with people working in similar jobs around the globe , with the video already attracting an impressive three million views
a clean-water advocate took an earth day swim in new york city 's polluted gowanus canal , a site designated by the federal government as especially polluted , but quit less than halfway through. christopher swain wore a protective yellow suit as he went over a railing and into the water around 2pm wednesday in brooklyn but completed only two-thirds of a mile of the 1.8-mile waterway. he swam about an hour into the canal in a stunt to urge environmental clean up that ultimately succumbed to the water 's pollution because the experience was like ` swimming ` in a dirty
a ` greedy ' cashier who stole # 15,000 from a currency exchange and blew it on living a high-flying lifestyle was told by a judge it was time to ` get her hands dirty '. fashion conscious shanice farier , 22 , from derby , earned a ` decent salary ' and received handouts from her father but that was n't enough for her expensive taste , the court heard. she helped herself to money from kanoo travel in derby and spent it staying in hotels and living ` an opulent lifestyle ' , said judge john burgess. farier appeared at derby crown court highly made up , wearing a figure-hugging dress and clutching an expensive-looking handbag , and
it has no bathroom , no mains electricity and the only way to reach it is by boat or a novelty ` noddy ' train. but that has n't stopped this modest timber shed being put up for sale for # 230,000 -- making it one of britain 's most expensive beach huts. measuring just 15ft by 10ft , the remote beach hut on mudeford spit in christchurch , dorset , is the same price as a five-bedroom house in herefordshire and more than a detached four-bedroom house in kingswood , hull. owners will also have to shell out between #
amid the flurry of tributes that followed al kellock 's announcement he was retiring at the end of the season , one from another old warhorse stood out. ` so my friend and foe alastair kellock calls time on a great career , ' tweeted scotland and saracens lock jim hamilton. ` been a pleasure punching and getting punched by you. and punching together. ' as he suggested , hamilton had stood toe to toe with his countryman as opponents when their respective teams , edinburgh and glasgow , clashed. but , in the second row for scotland , they would have each other 's backs as they fought -- normally against the odds -- for their country. al kellock will retire at the end of the season and take up a new role with
the usa have unveiled their new kits for the women 's soccer team ahead of the world cup hosted by canada in june. the strips , produced by sportswear giants nike , have caused a bit of stir across the pond , because of the decision to go with a black and white colour scheme rather than the traditional red , white and blue. but striker alex morgan hailed nike 's design as innovative. ` the black and white are different from anything we 've ever had before , ' she said , before adding , ` you know it 's not a lot of red , white and blue in the white one because they
they 've won seven on the spin in the premier league and made liverpool look like relegation candidates as opposed to champions league rivals during saturday 's first-half slaughter. so why are arsenal destined to sign off from another campaign celebrating a top-four finish and not a serious title challenge ? finish second they may well , but never have they entered the race for the top-flight crown. this term they are simply the best of the ragged rest , each with their flaws which have made the title tussle something of a ` no contest '. arsenal celebrate after a fine strike from alexis sanchez put them 3-0
the owners of this house better not leave too quickly , after a speed camera was angled directly on their front door. the bright yellow gatso had previously enforced the 30mph speed limit for motorists along the residential road in handsworth , birmingham. however , it has not been working for two years after every single fixed device was switched off in the west midlands. big brother is watching : a speed camera has been turned round and is pointing at this house in birmingham , west midlands. the speed camera has not been working for more than two years. around 300 speed and traffic camera , using old technology , were turned off across the region in march 2013. in there place , speed enforcement operations
kathmandu , nepal -lrb- cnn -rrb- the clamor and chaos of the previous day has dissipated by the time we arrive at kathmandu 's only airport. the mad rush of 24 hours previously , in those first confusing , cacophonous hours following the 7.8-magnitude earthquake near the nepali capital , had died down. now , families sit , camped out , silent and patiently waiting , but for now abandoned. at the airport , at passport control , we meet a nepalese man , who is unable to contact his family. they live in a village 20 km from the epicenter. he also has two cousins on everest , he says. he has no way to reach any of them. follow
it 's no secret celebrities spend thousands upon thousands of dollars on maintaining their looks. from bloody ` vampire facials ' to placenta serums and of course plastic surgery - the fountain of youth runs deep. but an app is now trying to cut through all the cosmetics to determine exactly how old a person looks based on a picture. the website , called how old do i look , it allows people to analyse any image found on bing , microsoft 's search engine , or upload their own. it even allows users to search for celebrities - and see what microsoft thinks their real ages are.
alexis sanchez is developing a fondness for wembley stadium. two goals for chile against england were followed by two goals in the fa cup semi-final against reading. it is a stage that suits him and arsenal will expect even more when they return for the fa cup final next month. ` let us hope he keeps that up and scores twice in the final , ' said santi cazorla. ` we are happy for him. he is a key player for us , in a good moment. ' alexis sanchez celebrates as his goals take arsenal into the 2015 fa cup
the man in the mask is back. but it might take more than a slice of carbon fibre to protect cesc fabregas from what could be a quite hateful reception when he takes his first steps at the emirates stadium since he left to join barcelona. that 2011 move was seen and widely accepted - externally - as the prodigal son going home. this next fixture is seen by some as the return of a player who rejected a second coming at arsenal in favour of chelsea. he will surely win the league , having already won the capital one cup , but what has he lost at the club that made him ? what of the line of
bird numbers have dramatically declined in fukushima , research has revealed. scientists analysed 57 species in the region and found that the majority of populations had diminished as a result of the nuclear accident. they found that one breed in particular had plummeted from several hundred before the 2011 disaster to just a few dozen today. researchers have found that bird species are continuing to drop in fukushima -lrb- shown after the disaster in 2011 -rrb-. the barn swallow , for example , dropped from hundreds to dozens. this is despite radiation levels in the region starting to fall. and comparing it
no one would talk about bruce jenner 's friday tell-all interview with diane sawyer - not ex kris , nor his daughters kendall and kylie or even khloe and kourtney - when they stopped by craig 's in west hollywood on thursday evening. but kim kardashian was not afraid to discuss the upcoming chat when stopping by variety 's 2015 power of women luncheon in new york city on friday. ` the family is watching all together with bruce , so i 'm literally rushing out right after this to catch a flight home so they can wait and watch it with me. ' the 34-year-old beauty
-lrb- cnn -rrb- as americans mark the 150th anniversary of abraham lincoln 's death this week , let us remember that he not only belongs to the ages , but also belongs , in a special way , to illinois. lincoln 's two greatest legacies -- indivisible union and irreversible emancipation -- grew organically from his midwestern roots. he knew firsthand that no defensible border shielded the land of corn from the land of cotton. the entire region from the appalachians to the rockies drained through the mississippi river , enabling farmers in this vast basin to float their goods down to market through new orleans and from there to the world. he thus could never allow a potentially hostile power to control this geostrategic chokepoint in particular , or dixie
-lrb- cnn -rrb- what do we have for the contestant on `` the price is right '' ? a brand-new car ! whoops. that was n't
steve bruce was at least able to crack a joke after his side were left dangling precariously in the barclays premier league following defeat to southampton. although that was not the only thing cracked in this game. graziano pelle was given a yellow card by referee kevin friend in the first half for a clash with alex bruce but the hull city manager could not believe the southampton striker remained on the field. ` alex has got a horribly broken nose , ' bruce revealed. ` the boy pelle gets a yellow card but we 're incensed. we need a break like that - not a broken nose
it 's described as the google-esque hq of australia. with a cubby-house meeting room at the top of a beanstalk and a basketball court and pinball machine for some down time - it 's where all the creativity and innovative ideas come to light. inside the hq of global company moose toys , the cheltenham office in melbourne comes complete with toy testing rooms , table tennis table , aerobics room , gym and a custom staff lunch room. staff can scribble their ideas on walls made out of whiteboards while the employee of the year gets a gold crown and cape
mercedes-benz fashion week australia got off to a very dramatic start in sydney on sunday night , when the opening show was interrupted by a man who stormed the runway at the ellery show. as designer kym ellery made her way down the catwalk to take her bow , a furious man understood to be a neighbour of the carriageworks venue at eveleigh made a very public complaint about the music. the local man was pictured covering his ears , wagging his finger , and shouting at a security guard who escorted him from the runway. scroll down for video. turn down that racket ! a man stormed the runway at ellery 's mercedes-benz fashion week australia show at carriageworks in sydney on sunday night. drama : the man , understood to be a neighbour of the carriageworks
tom ballard plans to climb k2 , 20 years after his mother died descending from its peak. a climber has set his sights on the summit of k2 - the second highest mountain in the world - 20 years after his mother died attempting the same feat. alison hargreaves , 32 , was swept to her death in 260mph winds on her descent from the himalayan mountain in 1995. now her son tom ballard , one of the world 's most accomplished climbers , plans to conquer k2 himself. mr ballard , 26 , told the times that he saw it as his destiny to follow in his mother 's footsteps. he said : ' i think it must be. at one
this is where floyd mayweather and manny pacquiao will wage violent combat on saturday night. the mgm grand garden arena will also be the place where they add untold fortunes to their already significant wealth. as for me , i 'm just thrilled that i will be sitting at ringside. on the safe side of the ropes rather than inside with either of the two greatest fighters on the planet. sportsmail 's boxing correspondent jeff powell sits on the corner of the ring at the mgm grand. this is the ring in which floyd mayweather and manny pacquiao will face each other in on may 2. the fight is expected to earn at least $ 300million -lrb- # 195m -rrb- with mayweather
she might be a new mother to twins but that did n't prevent a fresh-faced charlene of monaco from cutting a glamorous figure as she presented a sports prize this morning. resplendent in an edgy navy leather jacket and a matching tailored dress , the 37-year-old was all smiles as she presented tennis ace novak djokovic with his sportsman of the year prize. the presentation of the award , which was bestowed on djokovic by the laureus sport for good foundation , came during the laureus world sports awards. scroll down for video. princess with prizes : charlene allows herself a chuckle as she hands the award to novak djokovic. although the main ceremony took place in shanghai , charlene 's star
binge drinking might seem like a uniquely modern phenomenon - but in fact it is a time-honoured tradition , according to health experts. ancient civilisations such as the romans , greeks and egyptians have had to deal with rowdy , drunken behaviour in public for thousands of years. now one academic suggests that modern authorities should take a lead from their forebears as they attempt to mitigate the impact of our boozy culture. party : this relief from herculaneum shows bacchus , the god of wine , with followers at a frenzied gathering. contrast : health experts have compared ancient nights out to modern drinking spots such as magaluf. mark bellis , who is honorary professor of public health at bangor university , is giving a talk at a conference in las vegas this
floyd mayweather vs manny pacquiao will be the biggest fight of all time financially and the most significant this century. evaluating the greatest ever fights is a complex variable of several factors including not only the quality and excitement of the action but the political , social and cultural undertones , the scale of expectation and outside influences. where money man vs pacman comes to rank among the most important fights in ring history will depend upon what happens that coming night in the mgm grand garden arena. in this , the third in a series of 12 fights that shaped boxing history , i look back on one of the most anticipated events of the 20th century which divided a nation. the second fight of the century.
tough stance : health minister marisol touraine wants to impose fines and prison sentences for inciting binge drinking. they look down on our food , our weather and even our language. now france has cocked a snooty nose at our drinking habits , too -- and is blaming us for exporting them across the channel. french health chiefs say the uk is responsible for causing a sharp rise in the number of youngsters who binge-drink. it has slammed the practice of going out to get drunk as an ` anglo-saxon phenomenon ' and says it is being copied by increasing numbers of youths on the continent. but critics have said it 's a case of double standards for a country where children are encouraged to drink wine at the table from
one can only imagine the gloomy mood that must have collectively descended on the european tour 's headquarters at wentworth last week when reading about the acts of selflessness of the new masters champion , jordan spieth. shortly after being presented with the green jacket , the man who has rapidly become everyone 's favourite texan flew to new york and gave 25 interviews over the course of 24 hours. then , despite the obvious fatigue , he flew to south carolina to keep his promise to play the heritage tournament -- his fourth event in a row -- because , well , they were good to him on the way up and he
hong kong -lrb- cnn -rrb- there 's a booming black market in hong kong , but it 's not for fake apple watches , or the iphone. instead , people are going crazy for tins of butter cookies. tourists and locals line up around the block for several hours just to get their hands on jenny 's cookies -- at $ 9 a tin. its popularity has spurred bakeries to make and sell knockoffs , and the original store has signs warning against buying ` fake ' jenny 's cookies. the tiny shop , located in tsim sha tsui , one of the city 's main shopping districts , is swarming with people handing over wads of cash for the ``
reanne evans insists her world championship bid is ` do or die ' for women in snooker. the 29-year-old from dudley is aiming to be the first woman to qualify for the world championship in sheffield this month when she faces former champion ken doherty in qualifying. evans has won 10 women 's world titles and plays irishman doherty at pond 's forge in sheffield on thursday. reanne evans is aiming to become the first women to qualify for the snooker world championships. and , while her profile is dwarfed by the men 's game , evans knows she must take her chance. ` as much as it 's brilliant , you get the added pressure. i 'm do or die for the
a wartime scientist has revisited the secret underground factory where she helped build aircraft engines 70 years since the end of the second world war. mary cartwright was 20 when she was called up to work in the laboratory at drakelow shadow factory in kidderminster , worcestershire , in 1943. she spent two years testing metal for bristol aircraft engines in the site 's underground laboratory , working as the only woman in her department. now , 70 years after leaving her position , the 91-year-old great-grandmother has revisited the now defunct factory. mary cartwright revisited drakelow underground factory in kidderminster ,
arsenal star alexis sanchez says he is ` very proud ' to have joined the north london club and has been impressed by the quality of his team-mates. ' i am not saying this just because it 's my obligation to do it as a club player. every arsenal player has amazing quality , ' he told the gunners ' official website before adding , ' i want to win many titles here. ' the chilean forward has enjoyed a fine debut season in english football since joining from barcelona last summer , netting 22 goals in all competitions so far and being nominated for the pfa player of the year award.
-lrb- the hollywood reporter -rrb- geoffrey lewis , a prolific character actor who appeared opposite frequent collaborator clint eastwood as his pal orville boggs in `` every which way but loose '' and its sequel , has died. he was 79. lewis , the father of oscar-nominated actress juliette lewis , died tuesday , family friend michael henderson said. no other details were immediately available. lewis began his long association with eastwood in `` high plains drifter '' -lrb- 1973 -rrb-. he also appeared with the actor in `` thunderbolt and lightfoot '' -lrb- 1974 -rrb- , `` bronco billy '' -lrb- 1980 -rrb- , `` pink cadillac '' -lrb- 1989 -rrb- and `` midnight in the
a new york-based writer who has grown tired of the battle between fat and skinny , is blaming plus-size retailer lane bryant for continuing to perpetuate the weight war -- and has published candid photos of herself wearing the brand 's lingerie to illustrate the problem. in an essay published on xojane , amanda richards hit out at lane bryant 's recent i 'm no angel lingerie campaign , which was widely perceived to have been a rather blatant critique of popular lingerie giant victoria 's secret. the clothing store , which carries us sizes 14 to 28 , has been applauded for the new campaign , which shows plus-size models looking sexy in the brand 's lingerie. but
-lrb- cnn -rrb- when 65 cases of 20-year-old pappy van winkle -- one of the rarest and most expensive bourbons in the world -- were reported missing from a kentucky distillery in october 2013 , it was the crime heard round the whiskey-drinking world. franklin county sheriff pat melton , the man leading the investigation into the estimated $ 26,000 in missing pappy , said at the time that the high-end heist was `` indicative of an inside job. '' but ever since , the trail went largely cold. until now. on tuesday , a franklin county grand jury indicted `` nine members of a criminal syndicate that collaborated to promote or engage in the theft ... and illegal trafficking '' of liquor from two different kentucky distilleries : frankfort 's buffalo trace -- makers of pappy -- and the nearby wild turkey
world snooker chairman barry hearn has rubbished rumours the betfred world championship will leave its spiritual home of sheffield. this year marks the 40th anniversary of snooker 's most prestigious tournament at the crucible theatre , and there is interest from china in hosting the event. but hearn has revealed he is close to extending deals with sheffield city council , and broadcast partner the bbc , both of which expire in 2017. barry hearn has dismissed rumours the betfred world championship will leave sheffield. ` we ai n't going to china , period ! ' said hearn. ` on my tombstone i 'm not
a couple who chose to forsake their dream wedding in order to pay for one final shot at ivf are celebrating giving birth to twins and even found a way to say their ' i do 's ' becca litchfield , 29 , and partner dale , 30 , from gotham , nottingham , were heart-broken when they discovered their savings would only be enough to cover the cost of a wedding , or fertility treatment. desperate for a family , the couple chose to sacrifice their dream wedding and go ahead with ivf , but were over the moon when weeks later they became winners of a wedding competition. becca and dale litchfield decided
duhok , iraqi kurdistan -lrb- cnn -rrb- in the canvas expanse of the shariya refugee camp , thousands of yazidis live within hearing distance of one of iraqi kurdistan 's frontlines with isis. the vast majority of the camp 's occupants are from the town of sinjar and fled the isis assault there back in august. but not everyone escaped. isis took thousands of yazidis captive. men faced a choice -- convert to islam or be shot. but the islamist militants separated the young women and girls to be sold as sex slaves. in its fourth edition of `` dabiq , '' the isis online magazine , an article titled `` the revival of slavery before the hour , '' outlines the group 's twisted justification and guidelines for the
thousands of sobbing students and teachers prayed and comforted one another on georgia southern university 's campus thursday night during an emotional memorial service for five nursing students who were killed in a fiery crash. college juniors emily clark , 20 , of powder springs , morgan bass , 20 , of leesburg , abbie deloach , 21 , of savannah , catherine pittman , 21 , of alpharetta and caitlyn baggett , 21 , of millen , perished early wednesday morning on their way to school when a tractor-trailer plowed into traffic on interstate 16 , setting off a deadly chain reaction. fellow students brittney mcdaniel , of reidsville , and megan richards , of loganville , survived
-lrb- cnn -rrb- the california public utilities commission on thursday said it is ordering pacific gas & electric co. to pay a record $ 1.6 billion penalty for unsafe operation of its gas transmission system , including the pipeline rupture that killed eight people in san bruno in september 2010. most of the penalty amounts to forced spending on improving pipeline safety. of the $ 1.6 billion , $ 850 million will go to `` gas transmission pipeline safety infrastructure improvements , '' the commission said. another $ 50 million will go toward `` other remedies to enhance pipeline safety , '' according to the commission. `` pg&e failed to